
Keegan's POV
I woke up, I then noticed I was tied up, "What the heck?" I question, I look up and see Hudson and Linsey, "We get what we want." Hudson said, Linsey had guilt in her eyes.
"Kiss me." he said I sighed, then kissed him, His lips were rough and wet. "Okay." I pull away, "Good I have to run errands for my mom, Linsey you know what to do." he said slapping me.
She punched me in my gut then kicked me in my rib, When he closed the door she kept hitting me then looked out the window, "Okay look, I didn't plan on hurting you I'm really sorry for what I did and about your puppy too, I want you to run as fast as you can to get home he only takes thirty minutes then he's back." she said.
"Oh one more thing." she said slapping me again, I huffed and ran down the road, I past the bridge, I ran and ran and got home. I opened the door and Hudson stood there.
"No." I said, I walked into the kitchen with him following me, "Get the he// away from me, I hate you." I said, he looked hurt. "You had her hurt me and I'm in pain now, I bet you don't care if your mom grounds you or finds out because you know that she would as soon as I get the chance." I told him.
"What he hurt you?" Cameron asks, I turn around finding all the boys there. I put my forehead in my hands, "Leave." I told Hudson, he didn't listen, "Okay." I said, I had Cameron take pictures of my bruises and cuts from him.
"I'll send her pictures and call her to tell her what happened." I said, "Y-You wouldn't do that." he said, "Are you fu*king serious, after all this time of what you did to me, you think I won't do anything for you to stop this?" I shout at him. I take my shirt off leaving my sports bra on.
"I've been through a lot with you, and you keep hurting me." I said Cameron stood up and I stood in front of him, "No let him suffer." I said, "Sit." I told Hudson, he smirked, "Want me to kiss you?" I asked moving closer, "Do it." he said I slapped him, "Sit." I sat on the island.
"Tell me why you did this?" I asked he didn't say anything, "I'm waiting." I said he kept quiet, "I've got all day." I said, "No you don't." he said, "I could tell your mom you're spending the night." I told him.
"I wanted to get back at you." he mumbled, "Why?" I asked, "Because you dated my brother and he said you broke up with him because you cheated on him." He said, "Your brother lied I would never cheat on anyone." I said.
"Oh." was all he said, "Just keep this in your head. Every bruise, every cut, every mark, everything you've put me through still hurts." I said he grunted and held his hands over his ears.
"What are you doing?" Cameron asked, "He's feeling the pain I've went through." I told him, "Okay, I want you to go home, never speak of this and never come back." I said he sighed, "I kind of have too because matt stays here a lot." he said.
I roll my eyes shaking my head, he walks out the house. I lay on the counter, "Keegan what the he// happened to you?" Mom asked, I looked at Cameron, "You have ten minutes to explain." she forced me.
"Fine, you know my ex boyfriend back in Virginia, well he cheated on me and Hudson wanted to get back at me, so I woke up tied up and he forced me to kiss him and told Linsey to punch me and kick me but she let me go after hurting me." I said in ten minutes.
"Oh my gosh." she said, "So I may have tortured him to make him feel the pain." I said, she sighed, "Okay, you need to eat something." she said, I looked down shaking my head, "I'm not hungry." I told her, "Keegan?" Mom said angrily, "Fine Fine whatever." I said taking a bowl of fruit with me upstairs.
"Get dressed." mom came in I nodded, I took a shower. This time I smelt like blossoms and I start quietly singing Missed by Ella Henderson. I dressed into a blue layered shirt, white jeans, grey cardigan, and blue vans. I of course out my hair in a ponytail, I took my beanie then braided the ends of hair hair then put on my beanie on along with my Paris necklace, and my Paris ring.