
"Okay so we are gonna practice a dance and do some tumbling." she said, we started off with Ariels, Arabian, Running Full, Full whip Full, and a Full whip Double.
As we were doing the dance, I was put in a pyramid, I did a heel stretch down, when the music played, I shook my hips, did a some cartwheels. I did toe touches with a back hand spring.
Since I 'had to go' I grabbed my bag and left with the guys, "I SMELL LIKE SWEAT!" I shouted in the car, "I think we all know that." Cameron said, "Shhh!" I shushed him leaning over putting my finger on his lips, "I hope you enjoy her lips on your finger." he smirked.
I slowly wiped it on his shirt being discussed, I sat on Hayes and his hands were on my butt. I kissed him and straddled his waist, I felt his hips slowly move on mine. "Hayes not right now baby." I whispered, he stopped and I kissed him again.
We got home I took a shower putting on a long shirt and my PINK underwear, I crawled in bed and waited till Hayes got out the shower. Yes I do know it is early for showers but we wanted to get them over with, Hayes soon came out and he had on shorts and socks.
"Nooo!" I said as he laid with me, "What?" He asked, I took his shorts off, "I like when you sleep like this." I said, he chuckled. I got a text message from Riley saying why I had to go.
I told her why and sat on Hayes, "I want pizza." I said, "Pizza it is." He said, "Cameron!" I groaned, "What?" He asked "Aww!" He gushed, "I want pizza order pizza." I told him, "Fine." he groaned, he walked downstairs and talked on the phone with Pizza Hut.
"Jake come here." I said, he hopped on my bed and I rubbed his head and I looked back at Hayes he was asleep. "Hayes, Wake up." I said, Jake closed my door. I kissed him and he opened his eyes. "wake up." I repeated kissing him over and over, he flipped us over and kissed me.
I held onto his neck with one hand and traced his abs, I closed my eyes and gasped as he kissed my neck. Cramps started to get worse but I didn't want to end this moment, I brought his head to my lips and deepened the kiss. "*Gasped loudly* Hayes!" I say as he takes my shirt off and kissed down my stomach.
"I love you." he said quietly, "I love you." I say then he lays in the crook of my neck. "I hate strapless bras I don't know why I'm wearing one." I said, he looked down and chuckled. "Okay." he said, "Pizza's here." Cameron walked in, I put my shirt on when he left and we walked downstairs, I grabbed a slice for Hayes and one for me.
I took a bite out of it and it smelt like pickles was on this, I heard the guys chuckling. I looked at them and quickly walked to the bathroom holding my mouth, I shut the door puking it out and brushed my teeth then rinsed my mouth.
"Cameron!" I snapped, "You play too much." I said, he finished his pizza and I dumped a Water bottle on his head and grabbed a can of peas then dumped it on his head. "I'm done with your games." I said, he laughed.
I washed my hands and grabbed the other box of pizza and brought it to my room. "KEEGAN!" Cameron groans, I walk into moms room, "Your son plays to much." I told her, "I can't eat pizza anymore." I said taking a bite out of the pizza I had, "But you are eating pizza right now." she said, "You know I hate pickles so he put only a little bit on the one slice he knows I was gonna get." I told her, she laughed.
"Ugh no one understands me!" I groaned slamming her door shut, I walked back downstairs with the pizza box and put it on the counter, "Why don't you ever wear pants or shorts when you sleep?" Cameron asked.
"Did you not understand a clue of what I said last night?" I asked him, "It.Is.Hot.In.My.Room." I said, "Do.You.Understand.Me?" I asked making hand gestures, they laughed, "Why did Nina date you?" I asked myself before smacking my forehead.