
"I love you!" Hayes whispered pulling me back up, "I love you too." I said as he spun me around again. When the song is over Riley takes my hand pulling me on stage with her, I start to feel nervous. I look at Hayes, "Don't be nervous baby." he mouthed to me, I nod slowly.
"Hello guys, I'm Riley and his is my best friend Keegan. I think you guys know her, well she is gonna be singing an acoustic by one of her favorite singers Shawn Mendes. Please don't hate on her." Riley said handing me a guitar, I look at Riley, "I'll be right here." she said I nodded and started to strum my guitar.
"Oh there she goes again...every morning it's the same you walk on my house I wanna call out your name," I look at everyone, "I just wanna tell you how beautiful you are from where I'm standing you got me thinking what we could because I keep craving craving you don't know it but it's true can't get my mouth to say the words I want to say to you. This is difficult of love can't wait anymore I won't wait anymore I need to tell you how I feel when I see us together forever." I sing.
"In my dreams you're with me, we'll be everything I wants us to be, and from there who knows, maybe this will be the night that we kiss for the first time or is that just me and my imagination." I look at Hayes again, he smiles and I smile back.
--------
"In my dreams you're with me we'll be everything I want us to be, and from there *high pitch* who knows, maybe this will be the night that we kiss for he first time or is that just me and my imagination. I keep craving craving you don't know it but it's true can't get my mouth to say the words I wanna say to you." I finish they all clap and I look to my right Riley wasn't standing next to me anymore.
I put the guitar back and walk off stage, "And that was Keegan wasn't she amazing!" Riley said I smiled again Hayes and I lock eyes and he walks towards me crashing his lips on mine.
"That was amazing baby." he whispered, "Turned out that no one can replace me." I sung to him from Shawn's song 'Aftertaste', "You are right." he brought his lips on mine again and the lights shine on me and Hayes.
I giggle pulling away looking at Riley, "Why aren't they amazing friends." She chuckled through the microphone, "They aren't together?" A girl asked Riley shook her head, "What are you waiting for ask her to be your girlfriend already." One of the snotty girls said I smiled at her.
Hayes walks us on stage again, I grab his hand, as he got a microphone "Keegan, I remember the day we would always hate each other and say it then we kissed and we've been through a pretty rough time together as friends and enemies, Now we are saying I love you to each other and growing up i thought you forgot my 15th birthday but you didn't, so I want you to remember this day, that I'm gonna ask you to be my girlfriend?" He said, "Kiss him already." a boy said I slowly turned my head to see the guy who smacked my butt.
"You are so lucky I love you right now," I said he smiled pulling me closer by my hand and kissed me, "Well I would hope so." he chuckled, "Yes by the way." I said pulling away, he kissed me one more time.
"Aww okay guys shows over." Riley said, "No it's not." her guy best friend said, "Riley I've liked you for the longest time and I'm glad I asked you to this dance, we only knew each other for three years and I-I think I'm in love with you. Will you be my girlfriend?" He asked, "Yes!" She screamed and he kissed her.
"I can't wait to get out of these heels." I said fixing the back of my ankle, everyone starts laughing, "Oh hey didn't see you there." I said, stitches start playing and Hayes and I start dancing, I spin around into his arms.
They play one more song till its time to go. "You ready?" Hayes asks, I walk to his locker and grab my clutch I say bye to Riley and her new boyfriend Tanner.