
I felt my back hit my bed, I wrapped my arms around his neck, he took my shirt off and kissed me again. I looked at the door to see Cameron, "Oh gosh." I say, Cameron laughs, "You have to go downstairs like that too." he said, "Uh...No." I said putting my shirt on.
We walked downstairs, Hayes sat on the love seat with me, "What?" I asked Cameron, "Why are we down here?" I added, "Let me talk." He said calmly putting his hand over his heart, I chuckled.
"So Sierra went to the doctor today and the ultrasound went great-" I cut him off, "Cameron you sound like one of Sierra's friends." I said Nash pointed at me laughing, "I know who you are talking about." he laughed.
"Candace!" We both say, Cameron just stares, "I'm sorry Cameron." I sunk in my chair, "Anyways, it went great, she said her next ultrasound is two weeks from now and wants us to meet her at her house. She said while we are there we need to have names in a bowl for a boy and a girl." he said.
Nash and I looked at each other and laughed, "Seriously." Cameron said crossing his arms. "I'm sorry." I said laughing, "I'm just gonna leave." I said laughing again.
"No sit." he said pointing as I got up, "Geez Cameron chill." I said, I looked at Nash and he was crying from laughing so hard, I looked at Hayes he was starting to laugh at Nash. "Umm, so..." I said trying to hold my laugh with my shaky voice.
I sat next to Cameron, "I'm sorry." I said, he looked annoyed, I kissed his cheek. "I'm sorry." I kissed his cheek over and over and over. He didn't say anything. "WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT FROM ME!" I shouted laying on his lap.
"Cameron, I'm so so sorry for interrupting your serious talk to us." I said looking up at him, "Its okay." he smiled down at me. "Wow." I said getting off of his lap, I went back to Hayes and Nash was calmed down.
"Well da*n." Carter said, "Tehehe that was so funny." I said with no emotion, everyone started to laugh and I laughed myself. "Okay I'm done being funny I'm tired." I said, "We have to go." the guys said, "What?" I whine, they nodded.
"We'll be back tomorrow." Nash said, I nodded. Hayes and I had a little make out session, until Nash pulled him away by the collar of his neck. "I love you." he said, "I love you too." I said, they soon walked inside and I shut the door.
All the guys soon left and it was just me and Cameron. "Okay." I said, It starts pouring down out of nowhere and thundering, I lay in my bed all snuggled up in my thick white blanket and sheets, Jake crawls on my chest.
Soon it starts thundering loud, Hayes calls me. "Hey are you okay?" He asks me, "Sort of." I answered, "I told Cameron to sleep with you just in case." he said, "Oh okay." I said, "Okay you seem tired, good night I love you baby girl." he said I literally melted, "I love you babe, good night." I said, "Good night Keegan!" I heard Nash yell, "Tell Nash good night." I said.
"Will do good night." he said, "Night." I said then hung up, Cameron soon comes in. "Hey, Hayes told me." he said, "I know he called me." I said scooting over, he slides under and Jake lays his head in my shirt, I lay on Cameron's chest and he wraps his arms around me.
I love Cameron, he's the perfect brother for a girl like Jen, She hasn't been over in a long time, but other than that Cameron is the best brother you could ever ask for, we have the special bond I used to have with Conner, I love him for that.