
"What was that?" Hayes asked, "No what was the fake smile you gave me?" I asked him, "I was angry I'm sorry." he said, I nodded. He sighed and just went in for a kiss, I smiled wrapping my arms around his neck, he picks me up putting his hands on my butt.
We walk back inside, "What do you think about a belly piercing?" I asked him, he looked at my belly button, "You would look hot with one." he smiled I chuckled, "I thought I was sexy?" I look at him, "You are everything I could possibly think of." he whispered, I smiled and pecked his lips.
Riley was on the other bed with Tanner cuddling while watching a movie. I grab my laptop and we watch just go with it. Hayes was asleep and I kiss his cheek, he snuggled between my chin and chest Jake was laying in the middle of us.
--------8:00pm
I woke up I was in another hotel room, I was in my bra and underwear, I turned to my right and Hudson was there, "Well good morning beautiful." he smirked, "What are you doing?" I asked, "Something that I should've done a long time ago." he said, I stood up and he got closer about to kiss me but I kick him in his place and the shin so he couldn't walk, I quickly ran to the door, I tried to unlock it but he pulled me down about to unhook my bra, I start to cry harder. I feel power rush over me, I punched him and knocked him out. I hook my bra up again and grab my clothes and shoes also my phone.
I run down the hallway and he woke up coming after me, I open the door and quickly shut it. Hayes looked at me and noticed I was in tears, "Your perverted cousin needs to leave." I told Matthew, He was about to ask the question, "I don't want to talk about this." I said, I looked in the mirror and I had a bruise on my back and cheek.
I start the shower, then got in, I washed my hair, and body. I finish taking a shower I wash my face, brush my teeth and got dressed. Hayes walks up to me, "I'm sorry this happened to you." he whispers, I look up at him and he hugs me. I hug back and the tears star to roll down as I closed my eyes, He walked us to the bed and I got under the covers with him.
I cuddle with him and he wraps his arms around me, I fall asleep and he kissed my cheek. "I love you." he whispered, "I love you too." I said falling asleep.