
"Well Keegan, Riley is asleep we tried to get the cause of the cancer out and we did but some of it is till in there." she said I nodded, "You can see her." she said I walked down the hallway and she's laying there lifeless. "Riley...I love you forever and always." I said then the monitor stops beeping.
I fall on the floor sobbing I run out the room, "S-She's Dead." I sob, I shake my head, I cry loudly and sob. "*Sobs loudly* Mom she's gone." I said she's in tears and I run out, I get home smashing everything.
I scream, I throw everything on the floor I grab a glass from the kitchen breaking it, I hear the door open and Hayes,Cameron, and Nash is there.
"No No No!" I yell, breaking another glass, Cameron brings me into the living room, "Look at me." he said I shook my head grabbing a pillow sobbing in it, I bring my knees to my chest crying loudly.
"Please calm down." Nash said, I felt Hayes sit next to me, "Baby, you need to calm down she's not gone yet." Hayes said, I nodded, he brought me into his lap I stopped crying. "What did you break?" Cameron asked, "Anything that was glass." I said, "I'll clean it up just go to bed." Cameron said I nodded and Hayes walked with me upstairs, he took off my shoes and laid next to me.
"She's still hooked up to a machine, they think she's gonna live." Hayes said, I cried again nodding, He covers us with the blanket and I calmed down, and quickly fell asleep.
-------phone call 3:02
"Hello?" I answer, "This is the hospital, I'm sorry but Riley is gone." they said.
I hang up and cry, I look to my side Hayes isn't next to me anymore, I cry loudly. "Why are you crying?" Mom asked turning on the lights. "They just called me, she's dead." I said
I start to cry and face plant my face to my bed, mom calls the Grier's they all come over I pulled my hair in a ponytail. I look at my pictures on the walls and throw them on the floor when mom walks out.
"I can't do this anymore!" I yell, I sob and lay my head on my bed. I walk downstairs to see the Grier's in the living room, I start to sob and Momma Grier rushes to my side she hugs me tightly.
I hug her back, I pull away walking into the kitchen. I saw a picture of me and Riley I throw it on the floor and break down. Hayes comes in, "Keegan, you need to calm down baby, please you have us all worried." Hayes said I hug him tightly and cry.
"Shh!" Hayes said and held me closer, "I need you." I whisper, he hugs me tighter and rub my back he rocks me side to side.
"Get some rest baby I'll stay if you want." Hayes said I nodded. I watched as he cleaned up the glass and he carried me to bed.
I stop crying and wash my face then fall asleep next to Hayes.