
Keegan's POV
I woke up to my stupid alarm going off, I got up and took a quick shower dying my hair putting gloves on because I was going to school. I dried off then blow dried my hair so all the blue dye wouldn't go everywhere I curled the tips of my hair and walked to my closet getting dressed.
My white muscle tee yes we are aloud to wear them but they can't be crop tops, I grabbed a clip for my bra to keep it from going off my shoulders. I put on my black ruffled shorts and finally my white no show socks and my white vans.
I looked pretty good if I say so myself. I grabbed my phone off my charger and my bag, I grabbed my teal beats and some changing clothes just in case we have practice.
I walked downstairs, "Honey are you gonna eat anything you didn't eat last night?" Mom asked I grabbed a water bottle, "No I'm not hungry." I said she nodded sadly.
I hugged her goodbye, "Can you pick me up after school I don't feel like walking." I said, she nodded grabbing her keys, I got in the car and she drove to school. "So I heard you and Hayes aren't talking anymore." She glanced at me, "Yep..." I said, "Why?" She asked, "I don't really wanna talk about it." I told her she nodded I got to school, "Bye babe love you." she said, "Love you too bye." I said waving, I walked towards the doors when I passed Hayes and his group of friends.
I got to my locker and I grabbed everything I need. I shut my locker and found Riley and Mason standing there. "What?" I asked, "We never did that I found out who did it they hacked into our phones." she said, "Who?" I asked "Hayes's ex girlfriend in Canada." she said
Maxine.
"I know her she hates my guts I hate hers too, anyways, I'll see you later Mason." I said hugging him he went to his class and Riley and I walked to class.
Since we had to sit boy and girl, Riley sat behind me and Hayes came in looking for a seat, no one sat next to me but him.
It had to be Hayes freakin Grier.
"Hey." he said, I waved a little not taking my eyes off the board, "Ms.Dallas are you paying attention?" My teacher scolded me, "Not really there's a lot I know." I said, "Well come up here and do this." she said, I sighed standing up walking towards the board. I finished in at least a good ten minutes, "Good job Ms.Dallas, I know your smart but please pay attention." she smiled I faked a smile and walked back to my seat.
"Good job." Hayes said, "Thanks." I said, I didn't know how I felt about him I just know I could talk to him when I felt like it. "Are you still mad at me?" He asked me, I shrugged, "I don't know." I said he nodded.
"Ms.Dallas could I talk to you?" Our teacher asked me, I walked outside with her, "You should really get in a club how did you know how to do that?" She asked me, "I studied a lot I don't like when people think as me as the bad kid like Cameron so I take it out on my study days." I said she nodded. "You should really become a tutor because Hayes needs help bad." she chuckled. "I smiled I live across from him of course I'll help him." I said she nodded.
"Thanks." she said I nodded and walked back inside, "Hayes can I talk to you?" The teacher asked him he stood up walking outside once the door closed everyone asked me questions.
"How was Hayes?" A girl asked, "Was he good in bed?" A group of girls asked me, "How many boys have you slept with?" Some nerdy guy asked me.
"Why are y'all asking me this?" I asked, "You didn't see?" The guy asked, "See what?" I asked I looked at twitter on my phone Maxine tweeted something about me over and over calling me a lot of names.
I cut off my phone and the bell rings, time for lunch great, I grab everything of Hayes and mine I found his locker and he gave me his combination I saw pictures of me and him kissing. I smile putting his stuff away, I close his locker, "Hey." he said I jumped, "Don't do that." I said covering my face looking down, he pulled me by my elbows hugging me.