
"I'll be back." Cameron said, Hayes picked me up and I groaned, "I'm sorry." he said, "You didn't do anything." I said, "I'll be back." Hayes said I nodded I got out my book of me and Riley as babies when I heard footsteps I quickly put it away and laid down.
I took a quick shower and put on a hoodie and shorts with my other crazy socks. I walked out when he walked in with fruit, chocolate, and water, "Awww thanks babe." I smiled, "You're welcome." he said smiling I put the fruit and water aside and opened the chocolate. I fed Hayes a strawberry and a banana.
I turned on Netflix and we choose, a action movie. At the end of the movie Hayes fell asleep. "Hayes." I said shaking him he woke up, "What?" He asked, "I can't sleep my cramps hurt." I said "Do you want me to rub your stomach?" He asked I nodded
He pulled me closer and I lifted my hoodie and he rubbed my stomach. If I don't take a pill that my stomach is used to when I'm on my period cramps get worse for me.
I try to close my eyes, I call Cameron. "What's up?" He asked, "Pain killers now!" I said, "Okay, Okay." he said, I quickly hung up and Hayes rub slowly and softly up and down my stomach.
He kissed my cheek, whispering soft nice words in my ear, I turn my head to kiss him. "Keegan?" Cameron calls, I pull away "What?" I ask, "Here." he handed me pills and I drunk it with my water.
-------Hours later
It soon worked but could still feel a little pain, Hayes was still rubbing my stomach. I let out a tear, I've always did this, I've always cried and couldn't handle. I could sometimes but today I couldn't.
"Come here baby." Hayes said he noticed I was crying he stroked my hair and kissed my head. "Hey Hayes." a person said it sounded like a boy so I hid my face in his chest.
"Hey." he said, "Can I leave for a few minutes?" Hayes asked me, I pulled away from him turned the other side. I heard him sigh he got up and walked away shutting the door. My head was left under my pillow, I start to remember Riley. I took my hair out putting on sweatpants and my Nike free runs. I grabbed my phone and walked downstairs still cramping.
"Where are you going?" Cameron asked, I sigh. "A place." I said Momma Espinosa called me, "Hello?" I answered, "Um, Riley has some things she wanted to give to you." she said.
"Oh Okay I'll be over." I said, "Okay." she said, I hung up opening the door followed by Cameron. "Where are you going?" He asked me, "Cameron, I'm fifteen I think I'm old enough for your babysitting to stop." I said starting to walk to Matts house.
I heard the door slam, once I got there I opened the door. "Momma Espinosa?" I call, "In here." she said in the living room, I walked there and she had a little jewelry box in craved Keegan and on the other side it said best sister.
I started to tear up and my hands shook as I opened it. She had the other half of some of the necklaces. Momma Espinosa hands me a two Mason jars filled with quotes and reasons why you're the best sister.
"Thanks." I said, I wiped my tears, she nodded hugging me. "I'll see you at the funeral?" She asked I nodded. I got home when I opened the door I just broke down I couldn't hold my tears anymore. "Did something bad happen to you?" Cameron smirked, "Shut up Cameron!" I snapped running upstairs, I start to cut again. Then I put bracelets to cover it and I put my hair up I walk out only to cry harder I slam my door shut and lock it.
"Keegan open the door." I hear someone at my door, I cry harder and lay on my bed. "Baby, open the door." Hayes said, Cameron always knew how to open my door so I'm assuming he asked him. I kicked off my shoes, "Babe?" I hear my door open.