
"I love your laugh." he kissed me, "I know." I said pulling away I got down and looked at my side the bruises weren't so bad anymore but they were still there and my back wasn't really red anymore as for my cheek, she scratched me pretty hard so I put A+D on it.
I looked at my legs, I don't know why either I'm weird like that I walked in front of the TV, "Zayum look at my legs they look perfect." I said lifting it up to my side they laughed
I put my leg back down and went back to Hayes, "Truth or dare?" Cameron asked everyone nodded getting in a circle except me, "Come on, your boyfriend is doing it." Cameron said, "Because Hayes is-" I was cut off by the one and only Hayes Grier.
"Hayes is what?" He asked, "*Long Pause* Hayes." I said they turned on music and Kalin and Myles come on. "Come on." Cameron said, I groaned sliding off the couch slowly.
"No." I said, Cameron started to stare at, I literally pushed myself in a corner, and...he followed me, "Okay okay I'm going geez!" I stand up putting my hands up in surrender,they laugh
"Good." Cameron said I glared at him and I sat in Hayes's lap, "Nash is going first." Nash said, "Why did Nash just put himself in third person?" I asked him, "Because Nash is hot." Nash said, "Yeah okay." I said.
"Okay Hayes, truth or dare?" He asked Hayes, he said dare, "I dare you to keep your shirt off for the rest of the round." Nash smirked looking at me, I mentally died. I was screaming like Rickey Thompson, I couldn't.
"Cameron truth or dare?" Cameron being Cameron chose dare, "I dare you to go next door asking the first person to come to the door, only in underwear and ask them if they've seen your clothes." Hayes said I started to laugh.
"I wanna see how this goes." I said standing up from Hayes following Cameron, "Hi um, have you seen my clothes?" Cameron asked, "No, I love your vines though." the teenage girl walked out closing the door.
I rolled my eyes walking back in, "What?" they ask, "What?" I mock them I chuckle, "Nothing." I said, Cameron got back with a piece of paper in his hand.
"What's up with your shirt?" He asked me, "First of all I look good in the shirt, and second of all I look good in this shirt, and third of all, I look good in this shirt, so don't tell me I don't look good in this shirt." I said they all laughed.
"Keegan truth or dare?" Cameron asks me, "Sh*t." I mumble under my breath that all laugh I smile, "Uh dare." I look up, "I dare you to do the grind on me to Hayes." he smirked, I blushed, they started vining it as I started to grind against him.
"Okay!" I smile, sit back on Hayes and I smile, "Taylor truth or dare?" I asked him, "Dare." he said, "I dare you to lick anyone in the room except me and Hayes on their cheek." I said he groaned, "Why not Hayes?" Nash asked, "Do you really think I would let Hayes be licked on the cheek by some one, if anything it would be me." I said, Hayes chuckled and I turned to kiss him.
"Good point." Nash said, "Truth or dare Nash?" Taylor asked him, "Dare." he said, "Pick your favorite song, and dance on the table to it." Taylor told him, he chose a song I didn't know, but it was funny.
I leaned back and Hayes places his hands on my stomach, he kisses my neck. I try not to make a sound, "Don't forget baby, you'll be paying for what you did to me." Hayes whispered to me quietly, he nibbled on my ear and I smile.
He kisses my neck again, I take in a deep breath and breathed out. I closed my eyes, "Keegan are you okay?" Cameron asked me, "Y-eah I'm j-ust tired." I said stuttering hoping he would believe me.
"Okay." was all he said, he believed it, "That was round one baby." Hayes whispered, I groaned, It became quiet. "What?" I question, "Are you sure you're okay?" Mahogany asked smirking, "I am perfectly fine, I'm fine with everything, I'm okay." I said.