
I shook my head, Hayes lift me up I winced as he touched my wrist. "Please tell me you didn't." He whispered, he wrapped my legs around his waist. "Look at me." He whispered I did, "You are a beautiful girl who doesn't need to self-harm your skin. I don't like when you do that it makes me upset and it scares me having to watch people having to check up on you a lot." Hayes said he wiped the tears away.
I looked down and he grabbed my wrist gently pulling the bracelet up my arm gently. He glanced at me as he saw it, "I'm sorry." I whispered, crying again. "It's fine tell me your problems give me your blades." he said standing up with me.
I had a lot of them so he flushed them down the toilet. "You can't do this to yourself baby. I want to be there to help you." He said to me I nodded slowly and kissed me.
"I love you." He said, "I love you too." I looked up into his eyes. He leaned in to kiss me, I kissed back. "The funeral is tomorrow." I said sadly, "Are you going?" He asked, I nodded.
"Okay." Was all he said, I looked down at the toilet it was all gone. All my blades were gone, I never thought it would end like this. I looked at my wrist and saw blood oozing out I quickly pulled off my bracelets, I ran my cuts under cold water, wiped off the water, and grabbed a bandage then wrapped it around.
"I'm not ready to let go." I said starting to cry, "Baby, she's in a better place now, she's watching over you and loves you very much. She didn't mean for this to happen, the cancer probably passed down in the family." Hayes said hugging me.
I wrapped my arms around his waist and he lifted me up. "I wanna see that smile." Hayes said looking at me, I tried not to smile but I couldn't resist his smile.
Hayes walks downstairs, "Keegan I'm sorry." Cameron said, I kept quiet I looked at Hayes and he nodded I sighed. "I guess I forgive you." I said rolling my eyes Hayes smacked my butt.
"Okay Okay, I love you so much how will I ever not forgive you." I said like a princess and got down from Hayes, Cameron smiled, "hope you liked the show." I said to Hayes he winked at me, I smiled a little shaking my head.
"Pizza?" I asked everyone, "We had Pizza last week." Carter said, "Its not my fault it's one of my cravings." I said, "Well da*n." he said I chuckled throwing a pillow at him.
I started looked through my messages and I saw Riley and our texts. I sighed shutting my phone off rubbing my temple, I start to kick my leg. "What's on your mind?" Cameron asked, "I just-really want pizza." I mumbled everyone laughed.
"Think harder it can't just be this." He said someone started to text me it was Mason, he called me and I answered.
"What do you want?" I groaned leaning my head back earning chuckles from everyone, "I want you to meet my girlfriend." Mason said, "Wow, okay." I said, "Her name is Claire." he said, "I really don't care." I said, "Fine." he said, "have a fabulous life fu*ktard." I said smiling.
I quickly hang up, I delete his number. "Cameron you still haven't ordered pizza?" I asked him, "Oh sorry, I don't have money." he said, I sighed getting up.
I walked in my room getting twenty dollars, "And I thought you didn't have money." Cameron said, "Well you thought wrong." I chuckled, I sat there wanting something sweet, then my cramps decided to kick me again.
I groan leaning my head back pulling my knees to my chest. "What the he//?" Taylor whispered, I started to laugh and and I sat up walking into the kitchen grabbing pain killers.