
"This is your fault!" She yelled at me, "Why, thank you, I'm the one who cheated on Hayes and who knows how long you have been cheating on him." I said she kept quiet and I got the keys to Cameron's car and walked with Riley.
"Whats wrong?" Riley asked me, "Whordan over there." I said she laughed, "clever name!" She still laughed, "I didn't think it was that funny." I laughed at her, "Your right." She chuckled starting to laugh again.
"You coming over to play football in our backyard?" I asked, "Any sport I'm up for it." She said I nodded, "You do have clothes right?" I asked her she nodded, "Good." I said, I started the car and they rushed to the car.
"Please don't start the car when I'm not around." Cameron said helping me out hugging me tightly, "Why?" I asked, "Your foot could slip and could hit the gas pedal then you would crash." he said I nodded and pulled away from him, "Nash, we are playing in our backyard right?" I asked he nodded and Cameron smirked, "Are you coming?" Nash asked Jordan, "Uh, no, I'm gonna get a ride from my dad." she said they nodded, "You sure?" He asked again, "Yes, I'll be fine." She said rolling her eyes.
I looked to my left to see Hayes deleting photos of him and Jordan together. "Um...I'm sorry." I said to him while Cameron and Nash were blasting music, "It's fine, it's nice to get the truth out of her." he said I nodded.
We got home and Hayes went to his house and I'm assuming he went straight to his room. I walked upstairs, took a shower got dressed into a pastel blue strapless bikini. I walked out into my room to see Hayes staring at my window, I looked back and went to my closet which was right across from my window and put on shorts unbuttoned and a crop top that said 'what would Beyoncé do'.
I looked at Hayes he was still staring then glare at me, ouch that hurt. I walked downstairs running into Riley, "Ow!" We both said hitting our heads on the ground. Then we laughed and stood up, "Do you have on your bikini?" I asked her she nodded.
We walked to the back yard, and they were already playing football I took off my shirt and shorts, Hayes was staring at me again the ball was coming towards him, "Hayes watch out!" I yelled running closer pushing him to the ground catching the ball.
My legs were on each side of his hips and he groaned, "Thanks." He glared pushing me off, "You're not welcome." I said he turns around and I smile at him. I walk down the steps in the pool. "I want to stay this young forever!" Riley sung I laughed and went underwater to get my hair wet.
"Hey, Keegan I need to talk to you." Cameron said I groaned hoping out of the pool, "she has more toned abs than you Cameron." Nash said I laughed and Cameron glared at him.
"We are going on tour tomorrow." He said, "Yesss finally a month without the Cameron Dallas bothering me!" I yelled, he looked really sad, "I'm sorry, as you were saying?" I asked him, "Mom and dad said you could go. It's for two months." he said I looked back at Nash and Hayes he was talking to Hayes about the same thing.
"I'm not going if he's going." I said, he nodded, "You have too, come on for two months you can hang in." Cameron said, I sighed. "No, I'm sorry Cameron." I said he stared me down.
I walked inside, he was following me, "Cameron stop!" I said he shook his head, I groaned stomping, "Okay, Okay I'm going will you stop staring now?" I asked he smiled.
"I hate when you do that." I told him he chuckled and walked away, I packed two bags for two whole months and finished then put it in my closet.