
"What hurts?" I ask him, "My leg and my arm." he tells me, "I promise you will come home." I tell him, "Keegan I love you." he said, "Cameron don't do this don't flip the car." I tell him, "Cameron please two more minutes." I say, "Okay." he says, I see the car coming.
"I love you too Cameron." I say, they push the car to the other side. They get the door to open and he gets out, his leg was bleeding and his arm was probably broken. "I'll see you at the hospital Cam." I said, "Don't hang up on me please." he whispers, "Cameron." I sigh, I start to follow the ambulance.
"Hey is he okay?" A guy asked it was dad, "Stop talking to me, you hate me, go to he// I'm your fu*king daughter." I say roll up the window, my casual pjs were sweatpants, Cameron's sweatshirt, and my Nike free runs.
I park and Sammy holds my hand, We walk in, "Did Cameron Dallas go into surgery?" I asked the lady up front who was eyeing Sammy. "No he's in room 380." she whispers, "One more thing back off lady you're twice his age." I said, she glared at me, I smiled.
We walked down the hallway into the room, "Keegan?" He cries, "Shh, I'm right her, you are okay." I said hugging him, "I was coming home to say sorry for what I had done to you." he whispers, "Cameron, we argue a lot, we fight a lot, but at the end of the day we always have each other, there's no need to say sorry to me." I whisper to him.
He hugs me tighter almost soaking his shirt, "Sorry about your shirt." he said, "Its fine it's yours anyway." I mumble the last part, "What?" He asks, I start to giggle, "Nothing." I said he hugs me again, "Where's the others?" I ask, "They wanted to stay." he said.
"He// no." I said, "Will you guys stay with him?" I ask them, "I'm going." Sammy said, "I don't want you hurt." he said, I blushed. The other two nodded and we walked back to my car. Sammy sits next to me and grabs my other hand, then kisses it.
We soon get there Sammy holds on to my hand, I grab Carter, Taylor and Nash, He grabs, Jacob, Jack, and Jack. Someone grabs my butt, "Fu*k off." I say I walk next to Sammy and I put them in the back, "Do Not throw up in this car." I said to them, they all groaned, "I'm sorry." they all say, I hate holding grudges, but I want them to mean what they say.
I take them home and give them Aspirin, they drink it and they pass out on the couches. We get back to the hospital, we walk to room 380. Cameron was staring at the door, "What's up?" I ask him, "Just waiting for you to get back." he said I smiled.
"Alright Mr.Dallas, you can go home tonight but when you shower, make sure you have plastic rap around your cast, and as for your leg that's heeled." the nurse said, he nodded slowly.
I take him to the bathroom, he gets dressed I wait outside the door banging my head gently on the door waiting for him to get out. He opens the door and I gasp falling back he caught me with his one arm. "Thanks." I said he nodded.
"Let's go." I said, Riley rushes to the front seat, Hayes sits in the back with Cameron in the middle and Sammy on one window side. I make it home and the guys we watching a movie, "Are y'all sober?" I ask, they nodded a little.
"I want to take a shower." Cameron said, I groan slapping my hand on my forehead. "Okay." I said, I grab the plastic rap and wrap his cast up, he limps upstairs. I turn on the shower and he starts taking off his shirt, "Cameron wait." I said, he left his shirt off.
I grabbed a towel and a wash cloth, I walk out and he calls my name, "What?" I ask, "Can you help me?" He asks, I help him take off his pants then walk out. I walk downstairs into the kitchen, I grabbed a water bottle.