
Keegan's POV
Well it's spring, Hayes and I are still going strong and my scars are now gone. Except the one on my back, I put makeup over that, I got the Victoria Secret job as a model and it's today. Hayes still does football, I'm still cheering and my softball season ended.Hayes and I are doing homeschooling so it's pretty easy, we just get our school work from our classes. "Keegan are you ready?" Mom asked, "Uh, yeah." I said quickly putting on my bikini and clothes that I had to put on.
All the guys decided to come so they were downstairs, I grabbed my fruit and water then quickly got to the car. "Forgetting something?" Hayes held my phone, phone charger, and headphones. "Thanks bae." I said about to get it but he pulled back.
I smile then kiss him he hands it to me and Jake, Jake is a big dog now. No more help from me, I hand him a treat and he hops in the car on Cameron. "Okay." I said Cameron plugged my phone up playing my music.
They all dance and Hayes and I were just staring at them, I laugh as Nash thumped Cameron in the back of his head. "Mom drives to the private beach, I grab my phone and my iPhone accessories. Hayes and I hold hands and walk to where I go.
"Hey, Myles told me so much about you." Nina said, "Oh sh*t you're Nina Dobrev." I said she smiled nodding she hugged me. "Okay well, im gonna be your model assistant so if you need anything just ask me." she said I nodded.
Cameron was drooling over her, oh yeah he broke up with his girlfriend because he found out she moved. "Okay, we are gonna have you walk on the beach in just your shorts and bikini top." Nina said I nodded taking my shirt off handing it to Hayes.
"Have fun babe." he kissed me, "Okay." I blush, "Aww!" Nina said I blushed more. I start to walk along the beach, "Okay let your hair down and shake it out with a little anger." the lady said, I took my hair out and shook it out slowly.
"Act like you are having fun in the water." she said I started to walk in the water, "This water is cold!" I screamed, they laughed and I saw the guys watch me, I smiled looking down kicking the water.
"Okay so I heard you cheer, could you do a backflip?" She asks, I did and she captured it while I was in the air. "Spin around slowly." she added, I start to slowly spin around.
"Hold these." she said handing me fake sea stars, I smile looking at the camera. She tells me something else and I run my hands through my hair and look down, facing the other way. "Good that was a hot look." the photographer says I smile.
I put my shirt on and take off my shorts, I put my hand behind my head and my other hand on top of my head then look at the lighthouse direction. "Good come look." she said, I walk up to the camera and smile, "I need this camera." I said they laughed and we walked back.
I spun around, I jumped in Hayes's arms, "You looked hot baby." Hayes said, I smiled. "Thanks babe." I kissed him, "Okay, we are gonna need you to change bikinis for the nighttime effect." Nina said, I nodded and got down from Hayes.
I walked in the dressing room and changed into a triangle bikini from triangle, it was plain blue and the bottoms had little cuts so it showed my tan line. I put on a long shirt from Hayes's. Sierra came waddling, "Hey boo." I smiled at her hugging her, "Hey." she breathes out, "Aww." I said, I felt a little kick on my stomach. "Someone kicked me." I said rubbing her stomach.
"Bailey did." she said, "Oh my gosh it was my name!" I shouted, "She's gonna be your best friend." Sierra smiled, I giggled. It got a little dark and I lit the fire. I played tides from Jack and Jack, They took pictures, I made a marshmallow and held it at my mouth.
I took a bite and they took it too, I left my hands by my side and looked the other way, I made a straight face on Camera, "Try doing a straight face again." they said, I tried again and smiled, "I'm sorry." I started giggling and tried again.