
Myles number pops up on my phone as a text, Sammy saw and I quickly picked it up.
Keegan-Myles is just a friend, we aren't that close its fine
Sammy❤️-Okay I'm trusting you babe 😉😏
Keegan-You better😏👌
I hear him chuckle I look up and he was looking at me, I smiled and checked the message from Myles.
Myles-Hey wanna hang out
Keegan-Sorry stuck in the house with my brother
Myles-Aww that sucks well I'll see you tomorrow?
Keegan-Maybe
Myles-Alright
I groaned again, "Shut....Up." Cameron laughed, "If you were me I wouldn't be saying that to you." I looked at me, I felt a sharp pain in my lower stomach, "Ow oh my gosh mom needs to come home." I looked at Cameron with a horrified look on my face.
The sharp pain came again, mom walked right through the door. "Lets go." she picked me up taking me to the hospital again, I started to cry at the pains. "Shh, it's okay." she whispered as the guys got in, I held in my screams so I just squirmed around. "Keegan stop just let your screams out." mom said.
"If I do that I'm gonna distract you then you could crash." I groaned my tears were streaming down my face, "We're almost there babe." mom said, We were about fifteen minutes from the hospital, this pain hurt like he//.
We soon get there Cameron carries me in I'm going down the emergency room and they ex rayed my stomach and checked to see what was wrong.
--------
I woke up but mom was talking to the doctor, "Well she started to have the pain because of what the last doctor gave her wasn't her right one." she said, "I WAS DRUGGED?" I questioned screaming, "No, he was new so he didn't really know, our boss just puts him right to work." she said.
Someone was holding my hand, I looked and it was Sammy, "I'm always gonna wake up to you huh?" I asked him, he chuckled. "I mean if you want me too." he said I nodded.
"Are you okay now?" Mom asked, "I don't know I can't feel anything." I said, I lifted my shirt up and the stitches were gone, "What the he// happened to my stitches?" I asked, "Keegan?" Mom called, "Sorry, it always happens around you." I chuckled.
My stomach went back to normal again, I checked the time it was four forty, "I'm glad you guys are ready because Sierra's graduation is in twenty minutes." I said calmly mom freaks out, "Way to go genius." Cameron snapped.
I roll my eyes, I put my shoes on and I walk out after I get the car keys. "Keegan?" Mom called with the rest of the boys, I slowly turned around, she soon caught up, "What?" I ask, Jake jumps on me, I pick him up and we got into the car.
I of course sit in the front, Jake curled up on my lap falling asleep. I bang my head against the window, "What's up?" Mom asked, "Nothing." I stopped then looked her. We get to her graduation since I smell like hospital I spray my vanilla perfume on.
Sammy holds my other hand while I carry Jake in the other, "Hi welcome." the front lady said, I smiled back at he she eyed Sammy, "They can't keep their eyes of me because I'm hot." he said, no Sammy you aren't hot you are a model. I thought I giggled, "Thanks baby." he said, "Gosh I have got to stop doing that." I chuckle.
Another lady eyes him, we kiss and they glare at me back, I turned back and some guys was gonna touch my butt, "Back off pervert." I snapped, they laughed and walked off, we found a seat and our graduation was out side so it was kinda cool.