
Keegan's POV
"What should I wear today!" I groaned, I was in a towel and Hayes was still asleep, I soon felt arms around me, I gasped turning around quickly. "I'm sorry baby." Hayes said, "Its okay." I said, putting his arms around me again.
I picked out a black crop top, floral short overalls, and my black vans. I left my hair down and put my flower crown on. "Where are you going so dressed up today?" Hayes asked, "I'm taking you out today." I said, "So get dressed." I patted his butt.
"Okay." he said, He walked into the bathroom and I got my phone out, and texted Riley.
R😂😈-Hey is he ready
K-Yes what about you
R😂😈-Yep Tanner just walked out gotta go
K-Same with Hayes bye
R😂😈-Bye
Hayes looked at me and I put my phone in my pocket, "Are you ready?" I asked, "Yes where are we going?" He asked, "Somewhere." I answered smiling, "What no, where are we going?" He begged.
"Do you trust me?" I asked, rubbing my hands on his shoulder, "Yes but-" he said, "Then let's go baby." I kissed him lightly, "Okay." he whispers. I kissed him again, then we left.
"Mom we are leaving!" I yelled, "Okay have fun babes." She said, "Uh, hold on wait in the car." I told Hayes, he nodded I handed him he keys, I packed two water bottles. "Hey, make sure you be back by ten." Cameron said, "Okay." I said.
I got to the car and we were gonna pick up Riley and Tanner. "We're gonna stop by Riley's house." I said, "Okay but one more thing." Hayes said, I looked at him he leaned in and we kissed.
My phone was going off from Riley, "What?" I asked her, "Are you coming he's getting impatient?" She asked, "Yes." I said, "Okay hurry." She said, "Okay." I said she hung up. "Baaabe tell me where we are going!" Hayes whined, "Trust me Hayes." I grabbed his hand we got to Riley's house and she got in the back with Tanner.
"Keegan tell me where we are going!" Tanner groaned, "Sorry bud no can do." I said pulling out the driveway, "Please!" Hayes whined, "I'm sorry baby." I said. "The things girls do to us!" Tanner said, "I know right." Hayes said.
"Um us girls are still here." I said, "Aww I'm sorry baby." Hayes said leaning over, "No don't." I said starting to laugh "Babe?" He questioned smiling, "You are gonna like this Hayes don't worry." I said.
We came to a stop and I kissed Hayes, "You'll be fine." I said sitting back, "Okay." He said, "Put this on." I drove handing him a bandana, then gave Tanner one. They wrapped it around their head, I pulled over at hotel, "Hayes I know you would try to see." I said he laughed and took it off, I crawled over him and he rested his hands on my waist.
While I tied his bandana his hands moved to my butt, "Hayes." I warn him, he laughs, "Can you see anything?" I asked him, "Yes." He said, "What?" I asked, "My future wife and kids." he said, "I wonder who'll that be?" I questioned him.
"You, and Jason." he said referring to my dream, "Wait what did I miss?" Riley asked, "Please explain what happened." I glanced at Hayes, leaving to the place.
"Well apparently we were at the hospital, while she was giving birth, we had a little boy named Jason, and when we got home he fell asleep between us." Hayes said, "Keegan you better not be pregnant." Riley said, "I'm not mom already told me when she was fifteen she felt the same way with my-" I stopped talking about my fake dad.
"What's wrong?" She asked, "Uh-Nothing." I said Hayes grabbed my hand, and we finally got to the place. I helped Hayes out, "Okay take a step up." I told him he did, "Ready?" I asked, "Yes!" He said happily, I kissed him.