
"Hey babe, I still didn't give up on you." he smirked, I started to call Cameron's name but he covered my mouth. He pulled me into my room, he grabbed ropes and tided me up to my bed.
"No, stop." I said as he started to pull off my shirt and pants, he grabs duck tape and puts it over my mouth. I start to cry, he grabs a knife out of his bag and rubs it against my skin on my stomach.
I cried harder, the harder the deeper, He takes off the tape, "What more do you want from me?" I ask him, "I want you to kiss me." he said, "Untie me and I will." I said, "Okay I'm trusting you on this." he told me, he started to untie the ropes. I hop out of my bed running down the stairs only in my bra and underwear, running from Hudson.
"Cameron?" I yell, "In here!" He said from the kitchen, I looked at my stomach then back at the stairs seeing Jake I pick him up and run into the kitchen.
"Help me." I start to cry again, Hudson comes in, "Hey!" He smiles wrapping his arms around me, I felt a knife poking at my back, I take in a deep breath, I put down Jake and he runs to Cameron.
Cameron walks closer to me and punches Hudson the knife scratched my skin, I cry harder, Cameron grabs a towel and wrap me in it then pick me up, "Guys lets go, we'll meet you at the hospital." Cameron said, I tuck my face in his neck and he hands me to Sammy.
"Shh shh, it's gonna be okay." he said to me, I held Jake close to me. I stopped crying and he pressures the cuts to make them stop bleeding. We got to the emergency side and they rush me in Cameron was yelling and they put me on a stretcher.
"Well this isn't scary at all." I told them, they chuckled and got me into the emergency room, they gave me a pill to fall asleep so I won't feel the stitches.
----------
"Hey babe." Hudson smiled, I gasped quickly sitting up, "Babe it's just me its okay." Sammy rubbed my thigh, I pull my hair back breathing in and out fast. "Calm down its okay." Cameron said handing me my inhaler.
I take it, and I lay down, I slightly turn my head seeing Hudson, I gasped. "Keegan chill I'm not here to hurt you." he smiled, "No-No I can't be here with you." I said scooting over towards Sammy. I closed my eyes and opened them again Hudson wasn't there, "What is wrong with me!" I ask hitting myself in my head with a pillow.
"You are hallucinating." the doctor said, I turned my head only seeing Hudson, I gasped again. "Make this stop!" I said getting a huge headache, I lean forward and Sammy rubs my back.
"Here take these." The doctor said, he handed Cameron the pill bottle, "Make sure she takes one each day or her fears are gonna come back." he said, Cameron nodded, mom walked in then I see Hudson, I choke on my water, then soon stopped, "Are you okay?" Mom asked, "Hallucinations." Cameron told her.
She nodded, I took the pill with my water. Its like he cleared out of my mind when I took it. I crawl out of bed and sit on Sammy, "Be careful your stitches might tear." Sammy whispered, I nodded.
I realized I was in a tank top and sweatpants from Cameron, "Thanks." I told him he nodded, Sammy kisses my cheek and I lean my head back. "Well you can go home tonight just don't lay on your stomach or drink milk it will mess up your pills." he said, "What if I want ice cream?" I asked, "Yes you can have dairy that has milk in it but just not the drink milk." he explained, I nodded.
He soon walked out and I sit in my bed, "I want to get out of this place!" I groan, "You got in this place thirty minutes ago." Cameron chuckled I giggled, "Well you can leave now do to my mistakes." the doctor said.