
Cameron's POV
She jumped in the pool and drowned herself I quickly jumped in pulling her out, I rushed in "Guys help me she tried to kill herself." I said Hayes was the first one out the door, he started to give her CPR and did that thing to her chest.
She opened her eyes coughing up the water and took in a huge breath, "Breathe Keegan slowly." Hayes said Riley was in tears I couldn't help but start crying, Nash patted my back and Riley hugged me.
I called Momma Grier and she came, she noticed, Keegan was we and at the deep end, "Keegan why babe?" She asked Keegan, I pulled her to a different place talking to her.
Keegan's POV
"Remember what I said, talk to me don't hurt yourself princess." Hayes said to me, I did remember that, I just didn't think about what I did, I sit up nodding he hugs me picking me up.
I felt tears start to come, he rubs my back. "I'm sorry." I whisper, "Its okay, you are here that's all that matters." he whispers back. "Hey, I'll get your clothes, you're gonna stay with Hayes for a week." Cameron said hugging me, I nod and hug back.
Hayes picks me up bridal style and carries me to the car. Nash comes in the car with my soaked clothes, and my perfectly fine iPhone, and Jake. I lay my head on Hayes's chest, he kisses my head and looks at my now bruised cheek.
"I'll put ice on it." Hayes said I nodded and hug him as we get home, I stare at my house hug Hayes tighter. Hayes starts the shower, and I close the door behind me, I take a long shower looking at my sides, they were bruised when Cameron threw me to the ground.
"Babe?" Hayes said I cut of the shower and he hands me the towel, and Cameron comes with my stuff. I look through my bag and grab my underwear and bra. I put on my sweatpants and my sweater, Hayes walks in and I hug him letting the tears just fall.
"Don't hold back your tears baby." Hayes said, I finish crying and he rubs my back, I lift my shirt up showing him my sides, He looks at me and I shake my head.
He takes a shower and comes out, I lay on his bed with my lap top, I scoot over and he lays with me. "I love you." he smiled shutting my computer off he put it on his nightstand, I crawl over him, "I love you too." I said I leaned down to kiss him, I rolled my hips, he groans and I shush him.
"I love you a lot!" He whispered, I continued to roll my hips slowly kissing him, "I love you a lot more." I mumble against his lips, I pulled away and stop rolling my hips.
I lay on his chest and rubs my back softly, "Hey, the guys are watching a movie if you want to come down." Momma Grier said, Hayes looked at me as if he was asking.
I nod and he grabs a heating pad for my sides I slide on my socks. We walk downstairs, I felt wetness on my cheek, I touched my cheek, it was blood.
When we got downstairs I walked into the kitchen washing my face off, it was a scratch on my face from when mom slapped me. I stopped the bleeding and Hayes grabbed ice then wondered why I was in the bathroom.
"My face is bleeding." I told him he nodded and gave me ice to put on, he plugged up the heating pad and I held it for my sides. I laid on Hayes and we were watching, some funny movie.
Hayes looked at me and I smiled, he smiled back and kissed me out of nowhere. That's what I love about him, unexpected kisses. We pull away and I felt whip cream in our faces. "Cameron!" I say he laughs, I stand up wiping off the excess cream and smack caming him.
"I love you Cam." I said seriously, I walked to the kitchen again washing my face and my hands I wipe Hayes's cream off with a napkin and, he smiles, which made me giggle.