
"When did you have your first kiss?" Hayes asked me, "At the airport we were at." I said, "I was your first kiss?" He asked I nodded, "I'd be happy to be your last." he leaned in, I kissed his soft pink lips, then we pull away. The bell rings and we go our separate ways, Hayes and Riley had all his classes with me except for Mason.
----lunch
Some people came up to us for autographs, "My hand hurts." I said shaking it then smacked it on the table, "Ow!" I whined Riley and Mason laughs, "That my friend is not funny." I chuckled.
"So Riley I change my mind about saying no to the dance." I said she starts smiling then does her happy dance. "Okay you can stop dancing now." I said I stood up and one of the basketball jocks smack my butt.
"Keep your hands off of north you creep nor the equator." I twist his hand, "Geez you have a strong arm." he said, "And I have a boyfriend." I said pushing him away.
"What was that?" Hayes asked me, "He should've never touched my butt, world war three was about to go down." I said, "Who's this boyfriend I should be looking out for." Hayes smirked, "Shut up I was only using you for an example to scare him off." I said looking at him, he laughs and I smile.
The bell rings and school is finally over, I call Cameron and he says he's like ten seconds away from where I am. "Hey I have football practice." Hayes said.
"Aww Okay." I said, we kiss and he slides my phone down my back pocket, Cameron honks the car we pull away, "I'll see you later." he said I nodded, he kisses my cheek and I get in the car. "What's that all about?" Cameron asked, "He has football practice and I'm staying home." I said, "Nope we are going to get Starbucks." he said, we drive to Starbucks and I get one for Hayes.
"Let's go shopping." I said he nodded and I bought only like a little bit of clothes and a few eos's, I get a beanie and Hayes a matching one, "Do you guys want anything?" I asked Cameron and Nash, Cameron and Nash picked out two beanies and I decided I'd get two too.
I go to the cash register, "Aww, you're so pretty and sweet." the elder said, "Thank you so much." I said, "Are these your brothers?" She asked I nodded, "Be nice to her." she said I giggled, "Have a nice day hun." she said I nodded, "You too." I said then bought a share a coke and gave it to her.
"Thank you." she said I nodded again, we leave and it's about eight o'clock. "Did Hayes get home?" I asked, I checked my phone I didn't get a message from him.
Cameron and Nash went inside they didn't park in the drive way, I saw Hayes walk out with a rose and a few matches. "Hey you didn't text me when you got home." I said, "Sorry I forgot." he said then wrapped his arms around me brining his lips to mine.
"Will you light the drive way?" He asked, "Uh sure?" I said he handed me the matches and soon the magcon gang walked out the house starting to record us.
I looked at what is said, and it said 'shut up and dance with me?' I nodded jumping in his arms he soon caught me and hugged me back. "I love you." I mumble. "I love you too." he smiled.
Momma Grier came out and smiled, "That was so nice Hayes." she said taking lots of pictures. Hayes puts me down and I post a picture of it on Instagram and Twitter then a following one with Hayes kissing my cheek.
"Thank you." I hugged him again, he wrapped his arms around me, "You're welcome." He said, I sent the pictures to Mason and Riley.
Cameron grabbed the hose and sprayed the driveway, Hayes crashed his lips on mine, Cameron sprayed water on us, "CAMERON!" I pull away yelling at him. "Sorry I didn't want to see y'all shove each other's tongue down your throat." Cameron said, I rolled my eyes walking in side taking off my shoes.