
I put Jake on a blue sweater with little socks, I smile then pick him up, "I just wanna take your time." I sing downstairs, The guys look at me, and I smile still singing the song spinning around in the kitchen, "Keegan you ready?" Mom asked I went the other way back flipping, "Yes." I say.
I grab my phone and headphones with Jake, "No I ain't gotta call you baby, I ain't gotta call you mine, I don't have to take your heart, I just have to take your time ooh oooh." I sing the last part mom looks at me. "What's up with you?" She asked, I shrugged, "Aren't I always like this?" I asked, "I want pizza." I said they laughed and I giggled.
When we got there, I spun around Cameron was vining me I did a Ariel into a back flip and walk in. "Hi guys welcome to the Christmas party?" A cute guy said, I nearly fainted. "T-Thanks." I said he smiled and kissed my cheek.
Hayes looked jealous and Sammy was happy with his girlfriend. "Keegan he's still in love with you." Riley said, "I-I think I do too." I said she smiled, "Good because I love Tanner." she said, I ran to Hayes and kissed him.
"She misses Tanner." I mumbled against his lips, he smiled and put me down bringing his hands to my cheeks, "I missed you." he said, "I missed you more." I hugged him, we walked in and I notice Hudson was here.
I turned to see Tanner, Riley ran to him and kissed him. I walked to mom and then my friends from cheer showed up. "Hi." they all scream hugging me, "Ow guys you're hurting me." I squirmed they pulled away.
"Sorry." they said, "Its fine." I said Hayes grabbed my hand and I smiled. "Why don't you dance." Cameron said, "Why?" I beg, "Please for me." he said, I sigh, "Fine." I said I changed into yoga shorts, and a long sleeve white shirt.
Underneath the three came on and I did dances from my old recital. We finished the dance and I ended it with a spin. Leaving California by Maroon 5 comes on and I sing along walking to Hayes slowly.
I kiss him, We pull away, "Keegan come here someone wants to meet you." Riley pulled me, "Geez okay buzzkill." I said she glared I smiled sweetly and walked over.
"Hi I'm Luke, your ex boyfriend." he said, I backed away as he came forward. "I um I-I have to go." I stutter, I walked to the bathroom putting on what I had before.
"I want you to like me again." he walked in pushing me against the wall choking me, "Okay?" He said, I stare at him horrifiedly and he pulls his hands away, "I still love you." he smiled.
I roll my eyes walking out, Cameron noticed my neck, so I pulled my hair down trying to cover it. "Stop, back up and turn around." Cameron said, I did the steps be listed.
"Oh my gosh they need to stop hurting you." he said, "Did I mention he was an abusive ex." I said he stared at me, "I'm sorry." I whispered, "Just go, I can't believe you didn't tell me." he said, I sigh walking away, I walk out letting the wind blow, I walk to bridge everything starts to replay in my head.
"Hey." I hear someone, I calmed down because it was Hayes. "Uh hey." he said, "What are you doing here?" He asked, "Conner died here." I said looking at the ground, He sighs hugging me tightly around my back.
"Hayes?" I call, "Hm?" He questions, "Never leave me." I said he kissed my forehead, "I promise I would never leave you again." he said, he picked me up I see Jake running and a car coming, "Noooo!" I whisper, the car stops on its break and Jake runs into my arms. "I'm so sorry." he said, "Uh Keegan?" Luke's dad said, "Uh hi." I said, "You cheated on my son." he said, "No I would never do that he cheated on me." I said, "I should've ran over your dog." he said.