
Keegan's POV
"Keegan wake up!" I hear my name being called, I roll over to my left side and feel someone blocking me, so I open my eyes. "Good morning beautiful." Hayes said, "Good morning." I said covering my face in his chest and covering myself with the blanket.
"Keegan wake up." Cameron said pulling the covers off, "What do you want it's Saturday?" I asked him, "You have to do something to get this thing off your mind." he said, I knew he would know this.
I sighed, "Goodnight." I pulled the covers over me wrapping my arms around Hayes, "You haven't danced in a while why don't you dance." he suggested. "Cameron what time is it?" I asked him, "6:00am." he mumbled, "Yeah I'm going back to sleep." I mumbled back, he opened the curtains pulling the blanket off of me, I rolled off the bed on to the floor.
I got up and laid on Hayes, "Keegan in giving you at least twenty minutes, you better be up at 6:40." Cameron warned I gave him a thumbs up and he closed the door. Hayes and I brushed our teeth a just to get on his nerves. We crawled back in bed and he hovered me.
"I miss seeing you smile." He said, I try not to smile but I end up doing it, "I love you so much." Hayes said, "I love you much more." I said he connected our lips together, he asked for entrance I denied so he grabbed my butt making me giggle and gasp. He groans, as I bite his lip, "Mmm." I say as he deepens the kiss.
"PG-13!" Nash opened the door, we pulled away slowly and Nash walked away.
I stood up, walking into the bathroom starting the shower.
My blue hair started to fade and my blonde hair at the end started coming back. I took my shampoo and washed it out and washed my body with my new soap from bath and body works.
I grab a towel and dry off quickly, I blow dry my hair and curl it a little then brush it out making it look natural, I put it in a ponytail and walk out. I walk into my closet closing the door after me, I put on my bra and underwear, then some volleyball shorts and my sports bra, and I can't forget my high knee socks.
I walk out and see all the guys in my dance room so I walk back to the kitchen getting my fruit and once I finished I drink water and bring it with my with my phone.
I walk back to see they were just talking about girls expect Hayes and Carter they were making vines. Jack and Jack were making a remake vine about Skylynn and Nash. "Are you gonna dance or just stand there?" Cameron asked chuckling, "No I'm just gonna play music and just stand her." I said sarcastically.
"Okay." was all he said I rolled my eyes, "Pretend we aren't here." Cameron said, "How can I pretend when you're talking?" I asked, "Fine...I'll just shut up." he said I nodded and I played trampoline by Kalin and Myles with a mash up of do my step.
Carter stood up and started to vine me as I rolled my hips. I did some of my other hip hop dance moves. "Hayes do this part with me?" I asked him he stood up he looked pretty hot his red shirt matching his ripped black jeans and his red vans.
When do my step played we did the parts and when my favorite part of trampoline played:Bad one and she good on the floor I like the way she take it slow. Came on I wrapped my right leg around his waist he held onto my waist as I grind against him. I blush as they start oohing I then start to laugh and we do whatever afterwards.
I let my music play and then booty me down played. Hayes and I walked towards the wall and started twerking. I flipped back up and waited till the song finished, "You should start making your own dances." Cameron suggested, I shrugged and the regular song do my step played.
I did the steps and they started oohing when Hayes went behind me, I laughed again and we did the dance again. Take you down started playing Cameron went up and Hayes vined us.