
Keegan's POV
I just finished packing my clothes, and lay on Hayes's bed, "We can't make it to your competition." Hayes told me, "Oh okay." I said, "I'm sorry." He said, "Hayes, don't worry about it, your fans want to see you its okay." I said to him standing up.
"Really?" He asked pulling me closer, I nod wrapping my arms around his neck. "I'm gonna miss this." he whispered, I smiled a little and hugged him tighter about to cry.
"I don't want to let go yet." I said, "I wasn't planning on to." he said, I wiped my tears a little and we pull away. "You were crying?" He asked, I chuckled smiling then nodded, He pulled me into another hug.
"I love you." Hayes smiled, "I love you too." I said, I lean up then kiss him, we pull away and I get down. "Get some sleep we both have a big day tomorrow." he said, I nodded and crawled into bed.
------
I wake up to my alarm going of, on Hayes's chest, I smile a little. "Good morning beautiful." Hayes said, I look up, "Good morning." I said, I got up to take a shower, I put on yoga shorts and my sweatshirt. I brush my teeth and wash my face then put my hair in a messy bun.
Hayes takes a shower and brushes his teeth and get dressed as well. I plugged in my headphones and played back to the start by SoMo.
I start to make breakfast for everyone, I start to dance to the beat. "Good morning!" Nash said, he made his food, "Hey." I smile, I fix myself fruit and yogurt with my voss water that had raspberries in it. I start to stretch myself on the floor while eating my yogurt.
I do a spilt and stretch the back and front leg, then I do a straddle leaning forward. I finish my food and I walk to a wall and do a wall split. I drink my water doing the other leg, I start to spin around, and I end up doing at least ten in a circle.
I soon stop, "Cameron?" I call, he looks at me, "Hold my feet?" I ask him he nods and walks over to me. I do push fifteen push ups, and fifteen sit ups. I looked up at shocked boys, "What haven't seen a girl work out before?" I ask, they chuckle and finish eating.
Hayes washes the dishes, "I love you." Hayes said, Red lighter comes on so I don't say anything. "I love you too." I said after about ten seconds. I hug him and he kisses my forehead, I smile and Riley opens the door.
"Are you ready to kick a*s?" She asks, I shake my head, "I don't wanna leave him." I said hugging Hayes again, he chuckled. "You are gonna see him the next day." she said, "No, I'm not, I'm gonna be asleep, when he gets home and he knows I won't want to be messed with." I told her, she smiled a little I looked at her strangely.
"Let's go to the airport." Cameron said, Momma Dallas came down with Sky and we filled the car up.
---------airport
"Bye baby." Hayes said, I hug him tightly and he hugs me picking me up a little. He kisses me but I pull away after two minutes, "Why?" He groaned putting me down. "I'm gonna want to kiss you more." I told him he chuckled and kissed me longer.
We pull away and I hug the guys, "Don't cheat on her?" Riley and I say to each other boyfriend, Hayes put his hands in surrender, I smiled then looked at Tanner.
"Okay okay I won't." he said, I smiled then hugged him Riley hugged Hayes too, "Sky!" Hayes yelled a little, "Keegan!" She yells, I smile and Hayes looks sad, I pick Sky up and hug her tightly, she kisses my cheek and I smile then kiss her cheek.
She does the same to Hayes, "Be good my babes." momma Grier said I smiled and nodded, "Bye baby I'll miss you." Hayes said I hugged him again, "Me too baby." I said we kissed and Riley literally pulled me away from him, we went in my private jet.