
Keegan's POV
I heard my curtains open, and the light shining in my face, "Why!" I groaned covering my face, "Wake up you have cheer today." Cameron said, I groaned and moved on Hayes. He stroked my hair, I opened my eyes and he was looking down at me.
"What time is it?" I asked him, he looked at his phone "Twelve thirty." he answered, "Okay." I said, I stood up slowly and walked in my closet getting my shorts and sports bra. I walked in the bathroom brushing my teeth and putting on my clothes. Hayes walked in and brushed his teeth too and put on his clothes.
I put my hair in a messy bun, I shave, and put my mango gel deodorant on. I spray my fresh apple spray and Hayes watched me. I walked out getting my cheer shoes and I walked downstairs putting my cold water bottles in my bag. I walked back upstairs and Hayes was on his phone, "I hope this goes by fast." I told him, "Why?" He asked, "Because, it's like I never have time for anyone, I get home late and we barely get to have anytime together." I told him.
"But I enjoy the nights with you too." he said putting me in his lap, "I want to spend a day with you and only you." I told him Jake barks, "You too." I said he jumps on my bed and licks me. "That's nice." I said as he licked my arm.
"As I was saying, It could just be me and you today." I said, "Yeah, I would like that, but you have to get cheer done before our time." he said, I sighed and laid on his chest. "How about you can leave early and we could go somewhere just me and you?" He asks looking at me.
"I'd like that." I smiled a little, "Good." he smile back and kissed me, "Keegan let's go." Cameron said, at my door. "Ill be back." I said, I walked to mom's room, "I'm leaving cheer early." I said, "Why?" She asks, "I rarely have anytime with Hayes so we're gonna hang out." I said, "Okay and think about what I told you last night." she said I nodded.
"I'm gonna text your coach." she said I nodded, I walked downstairs Cameron was kissing Nina, "MY POOR EYES!" I screeched, They quickly pull away and I laugh. I walked into the kitchen grabbing my bag, I drunk a lot of water then used the bathroom.
"Let's go!" I groaned laying on the couch, "Get up!" Cameron said, I did and Hayes walked to the car with me, I sat in his lap. We got out the car, I fix my hair and we walk into the gym room. "It smells like sweat in here." I said plugging my nose, "We know Keegan!" Lauren snapped.
"Ugh the wicked witch of the west is here!" I groaned, she rolled her eyes. "KEEGAN!" Riley yelled I ran towards her and jumped in her arms, "Hi." we both said, I laughed. "Hey Keegan." Coach Lesley smiled I hugged her.
"Hi." I said, "Okay girls grab a partner and stretch with them." she said, Riley and I were already standing by each other so we sat on the floor in a split. "Okay so tell me the deeds." She said, "There's nothing really to talk about." I shrugged, "Come on yes there is." She said, "I know you." she added.
"Well, Im gonna tell you after practice." I told her, we did a straddle and I went forwards for at least fifteen seconds. "Okay stretch my back out." I said, she held my back as I did a backbend kick over.
I held the back bend till fifteen seconds were over, I stretched her back and looked up. Lauren was staring at me then rolled her eyes, "Ew the bit*h keeps staring at me." I said Riley laughed and fell on her back.
"Oops." I said, she laughed and pulled be down with her, "Ow!" I groaned, "Love you." she said, I started laughing, "Mhm right I know you do." I said, "Just mean." She said I stood up, "I really have to pee." I said, "I'll go with you." she said, I ran into the bathroom with her.
I did my business, washed my hands, and dried them, "Hey are y'all okay?" Lesley asked, "Yeah, I just really had to pee." I said, "Typical Keegan there you have it." she laughed.