
I stood straight trying not to cry at the pain, I look at my stomach. I feel the urge to puke so I rush to the bathroom throwing up. "I hate puking!" I groan, I brush my teeth and wash my mouth out.
"And there will be puking." he said, "You mention that now?" I asked looking at him in a annoyed way, "My apology miss Dallas." he said I sigh Cameron gets my stuff I grab my phone, I start to walk down the hallway with Sammy, Hayes and Riley.
"So um how's life?" I asked trying to break the silence, "Great how's yours?" Hayes asked, "Horrible." I mumble Sammy looks at me as if he were asking something. Jake jumps on me begging me to pick him up.
I do and he licks my face, "You are too cute." I giggle, I look up and see Hudson, I close my eyes then open them he's still there, "Hey Keegan." He smiled walking past me, I look at the floor.
We got into the car, Sammy holds me, "You need rest baby girl." Sammy smiled, I smile nodding, "Yeah you sure do baby girl." Hudson said, we all turn around, "Great so it wasn't me that only heard him." I said.
"What your mom and my mom are best friends so of course I get to hang out with you Keegan." he said, I stare at him, "Is this all you want, you want revenge because I sold you out to Matthew, and I didn't kiss you." I said, he smiles nodding, "Good girl, now all you have to do is kiss me and it's over." he smirked.
"Torture me all you want, that's never gonna happen." I told him, he groans. "You've never had your first kiss." I smiled at Hudson, he blushes as Cameron speeds off home. "Oh that's why you want me to kiss you." I smirked, I pulled him closer, "Look buddy it's not gonna happen so back off." I said then pushing him back in the seat.
Cameron drops him off home and I feel other open cut on me, "Oh my gosh you little-" I start off as he cut me, "Don't say it." Cameron said, I grabbed the towel and wiped my arm up.
We got home and I laid on the couch with Sammy and Jake, He laid on my boobs and I laid on Sammy. "Go to sleep Baby girl." he kisses me, I nod and fall asleep.
----------
"Hudson leave me along!" I yell at him, he walks closer, he pulls the knife out of his hand and stabs me in my heart.
"Keegan Keegan wake up!" Cameron said, I take in a deep breath and sit up, "Why does this happen to me?" I start to cry, Cameron hugs me tightly, "I don't know." he whispers, I stop crying and Cameron brings a bowl of ice cream and Netflix appears on the screen, I smile.
"Thanks." I smile, Cameron kisses my cheek and while I'm on my phone the guys come in, Sammy wraps a blanket around us, "Better not see any hands moving Wilkinson." Cameron said, I giggle then stop, "Eww!" I shout, they laugh.
"Sing." Cameron said, "Ugh do I have to?" I asked, he nodded. He grabbed my guitar, I start to strum, "It feels like we've been out at sea whoa, so back and forth that's how it seemed whoa, and when I wanna talk you say to me." I sing, glaring at Cameron he smiled then I smiled back.
"That If its meant to be it will be, whoa oh no, so crazy is this thing we call love and now that we've got it we just can't give up, I'm reaching out for you, got me out here in the water and I." |That high pitch note though|
"I'm overboard and I need your love, pull me up, I can't swim on my own, it's too much feels like I'm drowning without your love so throw yourself out to me my life saver, My lifesaver whoa." Nash smiles and winks at me I smile back, then look down at Jake who was just sitting there amazed.
--------
"My lifesaver, it's crazy crazy crazy, lifesaver oh, My lifesaver yeah." I finished the song looking at Sammy, he smiled and pecked my lips. "Netflix time." I said then ate my ice cream.