
"But it has something to do with it." he said, "If you don't wanna hear it then why are you still talking about it." I chuckled, "I hate when you're right." he said, "But you love me." I said he became quiet, "At least Hayes loves me." I said brining my lips to his sitting up.
"That's true." Hayes said after I pulled away, "I love you too." Cameron said, "I'm still trying to figure out how she has a boyfriend before me." Carter wonders, "Catthew moment." I said Matthew hopped into his arms.
"Cash moment." I said Nash walked to Cameron, "Kayes moments." I said looking at Hayes, "What- oh." he blushed smiling I crawled in his lap my other leg wrapped around his waist.
"Saylor, Jack, and Jox moment." I said Taylor, Jack J, and mahogany moved, "There it's not so empty and emotio-" I said then soon stopped looking at Jacob and Mahogany. "Oh my gosh Jacob no one needs to see that." I laughed standing up from Hayes. I started to laugh hard and slipped on Hayes, "I'm sorry." I kept laughing he smiled the guys soon laughed.
"I think I'm done laughing now." I said giggling, Cameron starts joking about me we always do this to make me laugh, "Shut up Dallas." I said "Make me Dallas or Mrs.Grier." he said, "You want me to make you shut up with my fist shoved down your throat." I said smiling he soon shut up and everyone laughed.
"I love you Keegan." Cameron said I stood up getting behind the couch, "No." I chuckled, I ran and hid in kitchen, I turned my head finding him next to me, I screamed so loud, and started laughing running away. I looked back to see Cameron on the floor. I started to laugh harder and then slipped. "Ow!" I groaned laughing still.
"You're still laughing?" Taylor asked me, I nodded and soon stopped when Cameron was next to me, I screamed again, "Stop doing that!" I chuckled, he laughed and started to do that thing with my cheek.
"Cameron stop!" I said as he bit my cheek, "Never." he smiled I pulled away and stood up, I walked in the kitchen, I started to wash my cheek. I felt arms wrap around my waist and their head on my back, "I'm tired." Hayes said. "You should spend the night." I told him, "I'll ask my mom." he said I nodded Cameron came and I flicked water in his face.
Hayes lets me go and I grab his hand running upstairs, "Don't do anything bad kids Pg-13 remember, not rated R!" Nash yelled as we closed the door.
I crawled on Hayes bringing my lips to his, "I want pizza." I pulled away, Hayes chuckled, "And what does that have to do with what we were doing?" He asked I shrugged, "CAMERON!" I yell, "DALLAS!" He yells back, "Can you order pizza?" I asked him from the stairs, "Do you have money?" He asked, I groaned I do have money I just don't want him to use it.
"Wanna head to your house now?" I asked Hayes, "Yeah." He said I jumped on his back, "Oh my gosh Hayes please don't drop me." I closed my eyes as he went downstairs, "I won't." he said we soon stopped and I opened my eyes, "Oh." I said he walked to his house and opened the door.
"MOM!" Hayes shouts, "In here." She said in the kitchen he walked in the kitchen, "Hey momma Grier." I said Hayes turned around so I could hug her. "Please tell me you either made pizza or bought pizza." I looked at her with pleading eyes, "We ordered." she said I hopped from Hayes grabbing a plate from the cabinet getting a slice of pizza.
"You must really wanted pizza." Hayes said, "Yep, I love it more than you." I swallowed my pizza, "Really?" He pouted hugging momma Grier, "I'm kidding come here." I said holding my arms out, he sits on my lap and kissed me then pull away hugging me.