
"This isn't right!" I yelled coming back up laughing, I fixed my top walked back towards the Camera with Nina who was laughing. I smiled and started to laugh. "How many times will my boob pop out of my top?" I asked Nina she laughed, I held the bottom of my top. I felt something by my foot, I saw a fish, I screamed running into Hayes's arm.
"Fish are coming to attack me." I whispered he held onto me and I laughed a little, "Fix your um..." Hayes trailed off, I got down "Why didn't you fix it?" I asked, "I'm kidding!" I laughed pulling my top up.
"I think it's supposed to be like that so you could show..." Nina trailed off, "Well if the straps will support it then I guess it is." I said pulling it down a little, you could see the line from my boob, I hugged Hayes turning to face the back of the camera.
I look at him tooting my lips out, he leans in quickly and I turn my cheek. "You are wrong for that." He said, I chuckled then leaned in to kiss him, since I was a few inches shorter he lifted me up. I pull away and he pouts, Nothing like us by Justin Bieber plays.
I sing to Hayes and we dance slowly, I spin in his arms and sing again they turn taking pictures and making a video. "There's nothing like us there's nothing like you or me together through oh." I finish, I seal the song with a kiss to Hayes.
"Okay one more with Nina and then two with Hayes." He said we nodded and I jumped on Nina's back, she was holding up two peace signs and I acted like I was laughing which I was because she said something funny.
"Okay, so for this one you are gonna chase Keegan, and Keegan your are gonna laugh or smile." Nina said, I grab a bucket full of water and pour it on Hayes, he turns towards me.
"I'm sorry I love you." I said starting to jog away, I start running when he comes closer, he soon caught me and grabbed me by my waist. I started to laugh, he smiled. He brings his lips on mine holding my cheeks, I do the same.
He picks me up, "Getting a little carried away." I said, he shrugged and kissed me again then, shoves his tongue in. "Hayes not now." I pulled away smiling, "Let's go." I said, we walked up and I put on an oversized shirt and got in the car with my fam.
"Hey, we are gonna go to a party mom is at work and is gonna come back Wednesday." Cameron looked at me, I sighed. "Okay." I said, I brushed my hair out to get the knots out, When we got home well Cameron dropped Hayes and I off, Jake was sleeping on the couch.
When we shut the door, Hayes kissed me and took me upstairs. I smiled then shut the door as he put me down, he had me against the wall, I heard my phone ringing, and I looked it was Cameron.
"What?" I asked breathing heavily, "Did you and Hayes....?" He trails off, "NO!" We yell, "Okay." he laughs, "Don't make mistakes." Cameron said, "Okay bye." I said, "love you." he said, "Bye." I teased him, "Meanie!" He whined, "I love you bye." I said, "Bye." he said hanging up.
I push Hayes towards the bed smashing my lips on his, "I love you and I need a shower." I kissed him over and over, "Not now." he said hungrily, He deepened the kiss and I whimpered lightly. I pulled away taking off my shirt then walking into the bathroom.
"Keegan!" He whined, he walked in and got in the shower with me, I started to wash my body and Hayes turned me around and smashed his lips on mine, As I kissed him I grabbed my shampoo washing my hair.
He grabbed my hands wrapping them around his neck, "I love you." I pulled away. "I love you more." He said, I rinsed my hair out and he got a shower as well. I changed into my long shirt that was high-mid thigh. I put on my yoga shorts, and my crazy socks, Hayes came out and dried off.