
"I look fantastic." I said, Hayes agreed and I kissed him, "When is y'all's next date?" Cameron asked, "Why so you can ruin it?" I asked, "I'm sorry." I soon regretted it, "Its okay." he crawled he basically fell on me.
"Ow Cameron." I flinched at my stomach, He moved his head up to my chest, "Why are you being such a baby?" I asked him, "I'm only loving on my sister." He said, "Yeah okay." I said, "I am I love my sister." he kissing my cheek. "Okay." I said again, Hayes was laughing along with the guys.
"Cameron!" I yelled, "Off!" I added, "No," he yelled, "Keegan!" He added, I tried to use all my strength to flip over but he wouldn't let me, "Do you want to be kicked?" I asked him, "You can't." He said, Mom walked in and took a picture, "Why are you in your bra and underwear?" She asked, "Its hot in here." She said, "You answered your question." I said.
"Mom get your son off of me!" I groaned, "Noooo, I love you so much Keegan!" Cameron said, He brought me into his lap and I groaned "Keegan stop!" Mom laughed, "Kiss my cheek and I'll let you go." he said, "I'm not gonna kiss your cheek." I said shaking my head.
"Then I'm not gonna let you go." I said, "If you love me you'll let me go." I said, "Right now I don't." he said, I kissed his cheek and held my lips there then licked his cheek and bit it.
"Ow, you are acting like Jake now!" Cameron said Jake growled and I laughed, Cameron put me down and walked to the other side, I crawled back towards Hayes.
"Mom can you make pasta tomorrow?" I asked her, "Spaghetti?" She asked, "Yes!" The guys all said, "Ewwww!" I said, "How about lasagna?" She asked, "That's basically spaghetti but larger portion." I said, "True, sorry guys chicken Alfredo it is." mom said.
"I'm actually okay with that." Cameron said, "Yeah because I chose it." I said, "What was that?" Cameron asked standing up, "Stop!" I whined walking out of my room, "Come here babes!" Cameron yells, I start laughing and ran into the kitchen.
"Come here!" Cameron said across from me, "No." I said he moved to try to get me, my bra started sliding down, I fixed it and ran upstairs, I shut the door locking it, "Keegan open the door I love you." Cameron whined, I did and he hugged me.
"Okay off, I have a cuddle to attend." I said, "With me okay." he said, "No." I said, I slide down and went to Hayes. "She did our vine Cameron!" Nash said, it took him a while to remember, "Ooh I remember." He said I giggled.
I kissed Hayes, "Keegan, I'm gonna stay at Sierra's house and the boys are going to be at Liz's house to play games and they will come back at 11:00, so I expect you too that you will be on your best behavior." she said, "When have I never?" I asked, she gave me the look.
"Okay okay I'm sorry." I said, "Yeah okay be good." she said kissing all of our foreheads, "Bye." she said, "Bye." we all said in unison, soon all the guys left leaving Hayes and I here.
"Shower?" He asked I nodded, we walked into the bathroom and I kissed him, it got pretty heated, he unhooked my bra and I got into the shower with him. We stopped and got a shower, "Best shower yet." he smirked, I chuckled, "I know." I said, I laid on his chest hearing his heartbeat.
I grabbed my sponge and put my vanilla bean soap and washed up with it, Hayes grabbed his soap and washed, I rinsed my hair out. Hayes scooted closer towards me. We soon got out and dried off, I put a pad on then put a long shirt on.
I do my homework with Hayes, I sit between his legs while I finish mine. "Will you help me?" I asked looking up at him, "Of course baby." he said, He explained it to me and I answered the question, I got them all right.