
I take in a deep breath and she pulls up to Sierra's house, I get out with my crutches and walk up to her door step. She opens the door and engulfs me into a hug, "Hey." she smiled, I smiled back as she kissed my cheek, "What's good." I said she laughs the rest of the guys come in. I sit on her couch, mom calls me again, I groan and slide off the couch, Sierra laughs as my shirt slides up.
"Keegan?" Mom says, breathe in and get up walking with my crutches. "Mom?" I say, "Oh never mind I got it." she said, "Keegan come take a walk with me." Sierra said, I got up again and got on my crutches walking out the door with her.
"So you know theirs gonna be a new addition to the family right?" She asked me, "What do you mean?" I asked, she sighed "They never told you?" She asked, "Told me what?" I asked, "I'm pregnant." she said, I was speechless, "Oh." was all I could get out, "Keegan I'm sorry." she said, "Who is that dad?" I asked her, "Well his name is Ryan, Justin Bieber's friend." she said.
"Oh, cool." I said, She hugs me and kisses my cheek, "I'm so sorry." she mumbled, "Sierra it's okay, I'm really jumping inside I'm just hurt because of my leg." I told her smiling. She smiled and hugged me again.
We walk back inside, I lay across Hayes Taylor and Carter. "Um hun you better get off." Matt said, "What are you gonna do about it?" I asked him, "Oh nothing." he said, I laughed and sat on Hayes, I lean my head on his shoulder.
"What's up?" He asked, I shake my head slowly. Sierra, smiles at her phone then looks up at me, she gets up and opens the door, "Keegan!" Justin screams, I quickly stand up backing into a wall, "No, Uhn, what the he//?" I start laughing falling to the floor at Sierra.
"Keegan?" Justin whines, I chuckle, "Since Ryan and him are like brothers Justin is gonna be your brother-in-law." Sierra said. Justin lets go and comes in with his girlfriend Hailey, "She's a model." he said, I soon get a call from Myles.
"Uh hey been a long time." I said getting my crutches walking to her office, "Yeah, so my best friend Nina, works at Victoria Secret and she said she needed another model." he said, "Yeah, I would do it but what about my scars and I just got stitches today." I said, "Oh, I'll ask if she could hold your spot till you get better." he said, "Thanks and I'm sure I'll do it." I said smiling, "Okay love you." he said.
"Love you too Myles." I said, "Bye." I said, he hung up, "Who's that?" Hayes asked crossing his arms, "Myles? You know how close we are." I told him, he shook his head, "I promise I'll make it up to you." I say towards him, I bring my lips towards his and kissed him.
Our lips moving in sync, I smile then pull away, "I will make it up to you." I said, he nodded and I grabbed my crutches and we walked out and Sierra smiles, "I'm taking your fruit." I said, she held her mouth open, "Love you." I said, "Yeah whatever." she said.
"You are just like Cameron." I said, she scoffed laughing a little. Justin walks in with his arm around Luke, "Hey." Justin said, "Hi." I said grabbing strawberries, blackberries, and whip cream. "What's up?" He asked, as I cut the stem off the top.
"Nothing." I said, when I finished cutting up the strawberries, I put it in a bowl and grabbed a little dollop of whip cream. I grabbed a fork and walked out, "Keegan?" I hear as I closed the kitchen door, "No!" I say sitting next to Hayes, I feed him a little.
"More." he said, I kissed him and he shove his tongue in, I chuckle as he explores. We pull away and I feed him more, "Keegan?" Luke says, "What do you want from me?" I groan leaning my head back on Hayes's shoulder.
"That's the thing, I want your forgiveness." he said, "He// no." I said, "Keegan." Sierra warns me, "If you forgive me, I will leave you alone and tell my dad and brother." he said, "I don't know if I could trust you after all the pain I've been through with you." I said.