
"Well, one of his first girlfriend's tried to kill me, and his other girlfriend Lexi, cheated on him." I said Cameron nods. "That's sad." she frowns then kisses Cameron. I walk away grossed out and sit back down with Sammy.
"Are you tired babe?" I ask him he nods slowly, "Let's go." I said, "Well, Jen, this is my best friend." I said, he chuckles and kisses me. "Wait did you say best friends, what was that kiss?" She asks, "We've gotten really close." I said Jake hops into my arms and I carry him upstairs with Sammy.
"PG-13 kids." mom said walking past us, "Okay." I said she nodded and kissed both of our cheeks goodnight. "Its been so long Sammy." She hugged him he nods, "Yeah." he smiles then hugs her again.
We walk into my room and my music was still playing, he takes a shower. When he finished he had on sweatpants and a gray t-shirt. I walked into Cameron's room grabbing his sweatpants and a tie dye t-shirt, I got into the shower.
I brushed my teeth, washed my face, and put my hair in a messy bun. I cut down the music leaving it on for Jake. "Sammy!" I chuckled as he crawled over me, he kissed me. I rest my hands on his neck.
"Goodnight." he mumbles, "Goodnight." I say kissing him then pulling away. I lay there falling asleep.
--------
"Wake up!" Mom came in my room, "What why?" I ask her, "Cameron's asleep, we need to go Christmas shopping for him." She said, "I'm taking Jake." I said, she nodded, I changed his little sweater.
I put on my tie dye converse, Sammy slowly opens his eyes, "Shh, I'll be back go to sleep." I whispered to him, I kissed him then he fell asleep. I walked downstairs with a sleepy Jake, so I picked him up and he fell asleep.
We got in the car, "He's so tired." she smiled, I nodded looking at him, mom made a puppy bottle for him while we were in the house, so I gave it to him. We got to the mall and I get a couple of t-shirts for him and a bucket hat.
"I love you." mom said, I smiled, "I love you too." I said back she hugged me and Sammy calls, "Hey, what's up?" I ask him, "Nothing I just couldn't sleep." he said I chuckled, "Well, and when I get back we can make a gingerbread house." I told him, "Okay." he said I could feel him smiling.
"Okay, I'll see you later." I tell him, "Okay, love you." he said nervously, "Love you too." I blushed as mom looked at me smirking. "Bye." he said, "Bye." I smile, he hung up.
"What's that all about?" She asks, I smile picking up a bucket hat for Cam. "I'm gonna get a gift for the rest of the boys." I told her, she nodded, "Wait where'd you get all that money from." she asked, "Dad sent it to us even though he couldn't." I explained she nodded.
We walk into different stores and we finally finish, we get wrapping paper. I get Jake a present, while he was asleep.
Everyone looks at him and just aww at him, "Jake?" I call, he looks at me then falls back asleep, I chuckle. We get home I wrap the presents and put them under the tree, "Are we gonna have a Christmas party?" I ask mom, "If you want." she said I nodded.
I walk into the kitchen and all the guys were there, "Well zayum what did I walk into?" I ask, Jake starts whining, he asks just like a baby I tell you. "You did this yesterday." I tell him walking out. I lay him in he bed giving him my sweatshirt to put on. Yes I did order one for him, and of course it said Keegan Dallas is the best.
Jake hops on Cameron, "What if he gets a girlfriend?" Cameron asked, "Well my baby has grown up and I'm getting old." I tell Cameron everyone chuckles. Sammy was biting his lip, I shake my head, I grab a water bottle then hand it to him.