
I walked out letting him get dressed, I grabbed my computer and got underneath my blanket, I grabbed my voss water with raspberries in it. Hayes soon came out shirtless, socks, and sweatpants. I did half of it then waited for like thirty minutes then finished the rest, Cameron soon calls.
"Hey are you okay?" He asked me, "Yeah we are fine, I just finished my homework." I told him, "Good, we will be home in like another two hours." he said, "Okay." I said, "Love you." he said, "Love you too bye." I said, he hung up and I cuddled with my blanket and sheets, I laid back on my pillow pulling my blanket towards.
I felt lips smash onto mine, I look up and see Hayes, I bring my hands to his cheeks. "Surprise huh?" I pull away, he smiled and kissed me again, he slid under the covers and pulled them over us, "I love you." I said as he kissed me, I held onto his neck and he pulled off my shirt, and exposing my bra. "I love you." he said back.
He slowly rolled his hips on mine, he starts to kiss my back and when I gasp he kisses me to keep me quiet. "I've done your surprise." Hayes said pulling away, I kissed him again shoving my tongue in and bit his lip.
I soon pull away after three minutes, "Shoot I need to make a video." I said, "Daniel, Alec, and Tez is coming is that okay?" He asked me I nodded, "Fo Sho." I said he chuckled, the door soon rung and Hayes kisses me then gets the door.
"Hayes, why don't you have a shirt on?" Tez I'm assuming asked him, I chuckled. "What's up my people, So I tweeted asking you guys to ask me questions for a Q&A. And you did.....I love you for that." I said putting my hand over my heart.
"Okay, first question from _Dallas_Girl asks, Would you live in LA or move back to Chino Hills? I would live in LA." I said making a confused face in the air, "-Sky_Grier asks, how long have me and Hayes have been dating? It's been almost a year." I answered smiling.
"Keegan_Rocks love the name asks, Can you sing Skyscraper?" She asks, I grab my guitar then start strumming the parts to Skyscraper. "Sky's are crying, I am watching, catching tear drops in my hand, only silence as its ending, like we never had a chance, do you have to, make me feel like there's nothing left of me, You can take everything I have you can break everything I am, like I'm made of glass, like I'm made of paper." I look into the camera.
"And go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground like a skyscraper like a skyscraper." I sing and I finish the song, I smile, "__Jenna__ asks will you please follow me? Yes sweetheart I will." I said making a püma face.
I answered a few more questions and sing a few more songs, then I ended the video, I decided I would edit it later. I walk downstairs after putting on socks, "Keegan!." They all smile, "Guys!" I smile back they stand up hugging me, I smile and they soon let me go.
I walked into the kitchen and grabbed my water, I lay on Hayes and Tez gives us a confusing look, "What's going on?" He asked, "Alec you didn't tell him?" Hayes asked Alec, "Daniel you didn't tell him?" Alec asked Daniel, "Tez-oh wait, well Keegan and Hayes are dating for almost a year, see I did tell him." Daniel said I chuckled and Hayes looked down at me.
I stared into his eyes, he looked a tad bit jealous and happy at the same time, All the guys walk in, "KEEGAN!" Nash yelled, I groaned getting up, "Hey!" He smiled, "Are y'all sober?" I asked them they nodded.
Nash jumped in my arms and surprisingly I caught him, "Okay off!" I groaned lightly, He hugs me tightly and picks me up off my feet, I squeal and I hear Hayes clear his throat in a uncomfortable way.
I got down from Nash and walked back to Hayes, I kissed him and he didn't kiss back. "When you are ready to stop being jealous, I'll be upstairs." I whispered to him walking upstairs, I hear him sigh.