
I start spinning and he does the same, I look in the mirror to see dad, I gasp then stop making me slip. "Like I said you are always falling." Nash chuckled, I picked Jake up. Dad comes down the steps and I go next to Cameron.
"What do you want?" I ask him, "You so I can kill you." he told me, I walk closer to him, "You're bluffing, you want something other than that. You wouldn't kill me or Cameron." I said, he held the knife to my stomach, I grabbed it pointing it at his nose.
"If you kill me, I will make your life a living he//." I threatened him, "You are just like your mom, but she cheated on me." he said, I used all my strength pushing him against the wall, "Mom never cheated on you, her sister, told Liz that she did, she never did." I told him.
"What?" Cameron asks, "I'm sorry Cameron." I turn to look at him, I felt a stinging sensation in my arm, he scrapped the knife on my arm. I walk away, I walk into the kitchen grabbing a sharper knife, "You have ten seconds to get the he// out." I said, "Or else?" He asks smirking, Cameron grabbed the knife from me, pushing me out the way.
"I had this, but everyone doesn't count on it." I lift my hands, they chuckled. I looked at my arm and the floor, Cameron was choking him, "Cameron?" I say, "Cameron chill." I said, "CAMERON!" I shout, he pulled away rolling his eyes.
"Daddy I hate you." I said as he fell to the floor, Cameron called the cops, "Pumpkin I love you." he said, "Another word...Say another word." I said holding the knife at his face, he soon shut up, the cops soon came. They asked me questions and of course he goes in jail for life.
"Come here." Cameron said, "I'm perfectly fine, I'm just not comfortable with blood in here so um Im gonna clean this up." I said, I walked upstairs and I saw mom on the floor with a knife stabbed in her heart.
"NO!" I scream, they all rush upstairs I start to cry, "What happ-" Cameron starts to ask, I can't handle a lot of blood so Cameron took me upstairs into the bathroom, I puked a lot and I finally stopped.
I start crying and he picks me up, "What's happening to this family?" I ask him he shrugs, "I don't know but you are gonna stay here with Sammy, Hayes and Riley." Cameron told me. I nod.
I get down and I look at mom, I turn my head. I call Jake and he lays with me as I cry, Sammy laid down with me and I cry into his shoulder. I stop crying, and mom walks in like nothing happened, "What the he//?" I look at her weirdly, "I love you baby girl, I'm sorry I left you." she said, I start crying and I hug her tightly.
"Can I start over?" She picks me up, I nod and she spins me around, "I missed you." she said, "Me too." I mumbled, She kisses my cheek. I close my eyes and open them, I look at Sammy and he was tearing up. I start to laugh and he chuckles, I wipe his tears away and kiss him.
"What happened to you and Hayes?" She asks, "I cheated on her which was a mistake, I still love her, and I don't think she'll forgive me." Hayes walks in, "We can be best friends Hayes, but you and I are in a relationship, with people that we actually like." I told him, he nods and we hug.
Mom walks upstairs to take a shower, I cuddle with Jake and Sammy, he kisses me. Cameron opens the door, "Keegan?" Cameron said, I got up and looked it was a pretty girl. "Hi I'm Jennifer but I go by Jen." She said, "Hi I'm Keegan." I said she smiles, "This is my girlfriend." Cameron said.
I give him a blank face, he looks sad. "I think I like this one." I smiled his frowns turns into a smile he picks me up and hugs me. "Wait what do you mean?" She asked, "Well first it's rude to not let you in the house, Cameron apologizes." I said she laughed.