
M-babe I'm so sorry this happened to you.
K-Me too *in tears*
M-alright give the phone to Cameron.
K-Okay
"Here." I say tossing it to him he missed and hit Chloe's head, I sniffed and walked into the bathroom, "Keegan." Hayes said I put my phone down starting to cry, I open the door and let him in.
He engulfs me with a huge hug, he picks me up behind my thighs and holds me. "No mom I never did that she's lying." Cameron said, I couldn't breathe right now I was taking that chance not the breathe. Hayes put me down and I started hallucinating, he quickly looked for my inhaler and gave it too me.
"I did this for you...I couldn't breathe for like five minutes Hayes." I said, "I could've died in your arms." I said, "I could've got what I wanted." I said he was on the verge of tears.
I shook my head hugging him tightly, "I don't want you to die." He whispered, "As long as you are with me, I'm not going anywhere." I said he leaned down to kiss me again, I brought my arms around his neck he pulled me up, so I wrapped my legs around his torso.
He sat me on the bathroom counter and ran the water he grabbed a new wash cloth and washed my face wiping the tears away. I did the same to him, I got down and walked out the bathroom door that was open.
"You got in trouble didn't you?" Cameron smirked, "No I didn't I told her everything that I did and what you did you are the one that's gonna get in trouble Cameron, she never believed me, until that one day I almost committed you changed you went back to dating her, she nearly killed me I didn't get what I want, I just had an asthma attack and could've died in ten minutes. I CANT EVEN CALL YOU MY BROTHER ANYMORE!" I started to yell at him, "The only closest brother I'll have is Nash because he's been there more than you have." he said.
"Go kill yourself." He said, it was quiet everyone looked at me, "I can't believe you would say that." I said I started to cry and ran out the room with my phone, "I hate you Cameron I wish you were never my brother." I said walking out.
Nash and Hayes followed me, "Hey momma Dallas, Uh we need your help, Cameron told Keegan to kill herself and we are chasing her down the hallway." I heard Nash said.
Soon I passed out just collapsed to the floor.