
Keegan's POV
Riley and I were at my dance studio, yes Cameron bought one for me in return for his sorry. "Hey will be back." Cameron said taking the boys with him, Riley and I looked at each other, smiling, "Okay." we said in unison, when they left we started acting crazy and dancing around.
Jake was hopping on his hind legs, I smiled and spun around he did the same. I gave him one of his treats and he went in the little corner with it. Riley played one of my songs, and it was twerk it like Miley. I laughed as she slipped and I slipped with her.
Gas pedal plays and we dance along to it and we laugh when it's over. "What the he// is going on in here?" Taylor asked walking in with the rest of the boys, I sat there laughing, with Riley.
I finally stopped laughing and checked why my phone was going off, Riley jumped on my back causing both of us to fall on the floor, "Oh my gosh!" I groan laughing, she laughs too and I flip her off of me.
Jake comes licking my face, I laugh, I stand up and Jump on Riley's back, "Why is it so hot?" She asked, "Because I'm in here duh!" I chuckled, Matthew laughs, I got down.
"Hey your phone is ringing." Cameron said, "Jake hand me my phone." I said on the floor, he pushes it with his noise towards me, "Thank you babes." I kiss his head, he starts to bite wanting to play so he throws his paw out and hits my face.
"Oh wow that felt awesome." I said laughed he laid on my chest taking a nap, I look to see who called me, it was Sierra, "Be prepared to hear yelling." I told them, I answered the phone.
"Why haven't you answered my phone calls?" She laughed screaming into the phone, "I love you." I said dragging out the 'u' "Yeah, whatever." she said I scoffed and said okay.
"What are you doing?" She asked, "At my dance studio with my new family." I said, I heard her start to freak out, "Hayes you got her pregnant?" She screamed, Riley and I burst into laughter, "Nooooo!" Hayes laughs.
"Okay. you do that when you guys get married." she said, "We are fifteen, I think we would know when to have a baby." I told her, "Yeah, don't end up on sixteen and pregnant." she said I chuckled, "Sierra!" Cameron screams, "Cameron!" She screams back, "How'd you know it was me?" He asked her, "I think I know my annoying little brother's voice." she said.
"What's Keegan to you?" I asked her, "Keegan to me, is the sweet loving angel then turns when she's on her period." she said, I took her off the plug and took it off speaker, "Okay enough of that." I said, "Alright tell the guys I love them, I love you a lot more though. Bye babes." she said, "I love you too bye." I said.
"She said she hates you guys and never wants to see you anymore." I turned to look at them, "I'm kidding she said she loves you guys." I said, Jake woke up Cameron took him out.
I quickly stood up then fell on the floor, "To fast." I said, "You are always falling." Nash said just as he said that Riley and I slipped, "I know." I said standing up walking to Hayes.
"Je T'amie." I told him, Nash looked us, "What did you just say?" Taylor asked, "Did you guys listen to your Spanish teacher?" I asked, moving on Hayes's lap, "Yeah." he said, "Hayes what did she say?" Carter asked, "She said I love you." he blushed, "I love you too." Hayes whispered.
I lean in almost touching his lips, "Don't do this." he said, I smiled and kissed him. Jake starts whining when he comes in.
"What happened to him?" I asked pulling away from Hayes, "I don't know?" I pick him up and I check his leg there was a thorn in his foot, I took him into the bathroom and got my tweezers, I got it out and he stops whining.