
"This isn't funny." she told her, "Don't get between a relationship and try to break people up and get mad then take it out on their puppy you will get beat." she said.
Cameron let's me go I pick Jake up I go into my car with Sammy, Hayes, and Riley, "Cameron I'll be back." I said on the phone, "Okay love you." he said, "Love you too." I said, "Bye." he said I hung up. "Jake." I said he was still whimpering, I look down I stop at a stop sign, can you hand me that towel?" I ask Hayes, "Thanks." I said, "No problem." he said.
I started to get nervous so I tapped my finger on the starring wheel, "Babe, calm down." Sammy said, I take deep breaths and drive to the vet, He whines as I pick him up, "I know I'm so sorry." I say, I hold pressure on the blood and walk inside.
They soon take him in, we could go in the back but he would only jump into my arms so we stayed back, "Can you come back he won't sit still." one of the ladies said, I nodded waking to the back I hold him on his side and he tucks his head in my arm, "I know it hurts baby." I said he whines, "Shh, after this I'll give you a treat I'll hold you, I'll do anything to make you feel better." I said he stops whining and licks my hand.
"Good boy." I smile, they finish stitching and numb him so if we touch it he won't feel it. "Thank you so much." I said, I paid them and walked out with him.
He falls asleep in my arms, "Im gonna get Starbucks want any?" I ask them, they all said sure, I drive to Starbucks and order what we want. "Thank you." I said handing them their drink, "You're welcome baby." he said, I blush and hand Sammy his drink.
"Have a nice day baby." he said, I smile and drive off, "Baby?" Sammy asks, I sigh and lean my head on the window. "What? I should be the one sighing or getting mad." Sammy said "Samuel he was only being nice." I said, "Keegan it's called flirting." he said. I kept quiet and drive home. I walk into my room with my Starbucks and lay with Jake, Hayes and Riley walks in, "Hey." they both say then smile.
"What's up?" I ask them I try to feed Jake but he didn't budge, "Jake eat for me please." I beg him, he doesn't I lay there about to cry. Jake starts to whimper, I try to feed him the pill she gave me to give to him. he didn't.
"Can you stay in here with him?" I ask them they nod, I walk downstairs into the kitchen, Sammy was telling them about what happened at Starbucks. "Really Keegan he's only being nice." Cameron said, I roll my eyes. I crush a pill for Jake and put it in his bottle, I shake it up. "Well I'm sorry for not caring what he said." I told Cameron then pushed the door open, I walk into my room slamming to door.
Riley jumps and I slam my bathroom door shut and lock it, I see Hudson and start hallucinating, I shake my head. "Hey babe." he said. I opened the door walking back into the kitchen, taking another pill, because I spit out the one Cameron made me choke on.
I take my pill and drink my water, I get a call from mom, "Babe, I want to say I love you so so so much, I just can't be there at the moment. Sierra made it back home, tell everyone I love them." she said, I start to cry and run upstairs.
"Mom is gonna kill herself." I told them I picked up Jake and his bottle and my keys we all rushed downstairs, I got in the driver seat, I figured she would be on the bridge to be with Conner. Once I get there I see her car and her clothes except bra and underwear.
"No." I said since no one was around I changed into my bikini and jumped in to get her. it was shallow water too so it wasn't really deep. she was trying to die, I open the door and unbuckle her seat belt then help her out. she takes in a huge gasp. "Why'd you save me?" She asked, "because I need my mom." I said she hugged me and I helped her out of the water, I got out too and put on my clothes.