
Jake follows me, I pick up Jake and we make it to the hotel room, I start to cry. Hayes sends me a lot of texts, I didn't answer them, everyone starts worrying even Cameron, I wipe my tears going into the bathroom, I look at my blade, "No, I can do this I will get through it." I say flushing it down the toilet.
I walk back to the meet and greet convention, I take pictures with the fans, Hayes looks at me I look down, "Keegan hey it's been a long time." one of the fans said, I remember her voice, "Haley?" I ask she nods and I hug her tightly.
"It's been a long time." I said, she nodded and we took pictures and my line finished, I sat in my chair and one of the fans were whispering to Hayes. I stand up walking towards Nash, "Hey." I whisper, "Are you okay?" He asked me, "Uh yeah." I lied, "Don't lie to me." he said, he gives me a long hug, I silently cry. I wipe my tears away and my red eyes soon clear up, we pull away from the hug and some fans went to my line again.
I take more pictures with them, I sign what they give me, I sign her phone case and hug them, "I love you so much." one of them said, "I love you too." I said hugging her again, she shows me her wrist, "You tell yourself you will get through this, and think twice babe, I did too, it hurt me so bad that I realized I hurt the people I love just by one cut." I said she started to cry and I hug her tightly.
"I'm sorry." she whispered, "Its okay give me your blades if you have them on you." I said she handed me two I tuck them in my pocket, "I want you to flush the rest when you get home tonight." I told her she nodded and I hugged her again and she walked to Hayes.
I hug the next girl, and the next after that, then the convention finishes, I pick up Jake walking down the hallway of our hotel, I let my hair down and I open the door. Hayes walks in, I walk into the bathroom, "What did you do with your old blade?" Hayes asked, "I flushed it." I whispered then flushed the other two then washed my hands.
I walk out the room running into Cameron, "Sorry." I mumble looking down. "It's fine I um need to talk to you." he said, I nodded looking a him, "I'm so sorry, I'm sorry for what I said, I'm sorry for making you cut, I'm sorry for everything I did to you, I regret it big time, I didn't want to see you cry I hate seeing you cry, I'm so sorry." He said I nodded, "I'm sorry to Cameron I didn't mean to snap on you, I love you so much to ever let you go-" I start crying, "I'm sorry, I just don't want you dying like Conner." I told him, he hugged me and I cried in his chest.
"It's okay we both made mistakes." he said, I look up and all the guys are in tears, I pull away from Cameron and Hayes looks at me, I sigh walking down the hall to the lobby. I sit in one of the chairs, "Why are you alone?" A boy asked, "I'm just taking my mind off a few things." I said, Jake comes running out the elevator, "What?" I ask him he turns around running back to me, I rush in the elevator, "Sorry." I said he said it was fine.
The guys were still in the hallway, Jake guides me into the room, Hayes is crying. "H-Hayes?" I ask, he looks at me, "I'm sorry." he whispers, I hug him. "I'm sorry too." I said, he hugged me tighter, "I love you." He said, "I love you too." I said rubbing the back of his hair.
Everyone came into our room Jake laid with the pillows and I chuckled I grabbed my guitar looking at Hayes he smiled and I kissed him. "Okay, any ideas?" I looked at the boys, "Oceans by Hillsong United." Shawn said I smiled
"You call me out upon the waters, the great unknown where feet may fail, and there I find, you in the mystery in oceans deep, my faith will stand." I start to strum.
---------
"Spirit lead me where my trust is without borders, let me walk upon the waters, wherever you would call me jake me deeper than my feet could ever wander, and my faith will be made stronger, in the presence of my Savior." I sing shutting my eyes, then start to smile as Jake pops one eye open