
"HAYES!" Maxine screams, "What?" He asked pulling his hand from mine. "Why are you with her and not answering my texts?" She asked, "Don't do that I know you hurt her and you only wanted me for fame." Hayes said, she looked at me walking closer, Hayes stood in front of me protecting me, "You will never hurt her." Hayes said, "Ugh, fine but you will regret breaking up with me." She said, I mimicked her as she walked away.
"Thanks again." I said, He nodded grabbing onto my hand again, "Can you tell me the story about Chloe?" Hayes asked me, I hesitated but then decided I could trust him.
"Well um, it's been a year since they dated my mom told Cameron to watch me because she found out I almost committed, Chloe was the reason why, she would tease me about how my second older brother died, I told Cameron he didn't believe me so she got mad and later that night I walked into the kitchen and grabbed a water bottle, she kicked my leg so I lose my balance and she grabbed a knife and almost stabbed me but Cameron walked in and pulled her away because he heard me yelling." I said I was in tears Hayes hugged me.
"I stopped cutting after two months and started again." I said showing him my wrist, "Please don't do this to yourself." he said I nodded he wiped the tears away and hugged me again.
"We should...um head back." I said he nodded and re-connected our hands, some elder couples looked at us and smiled, "Treat her like a princess and you'll be treated like a prince." One of them said, I looked at Hayes blushing then tried to cover it, "Don't do that it's cute I hate when girls do that." he said turning my cheek towards him.
"Aww!" He cooed, "You're doing this on purpose!" I smiled, "Yes I am." he said I giggled and we got to the hotel when we opened the door Cameron and Nash were pacing the room.
"Cameron chill your sister is with that blue eyed freak." Chloe said I looked at Hayes he looked hurt, so I hugged him, "Hold on." I said, I slapped the bitc* she turned around I grabbed her hair pulling her outside.
"That blue eyed freak does have a name and will be a better person than you bitc* back the fu*k off or you will be beaten till the end bitc* and I'm not afraid, before you stab me you will go to he// for doing that in a Christian home." I brought her back to Cameron.
"There's your slu* Cameron hope you understand how a mess she is." I said she looked at me terrified, I walked up to Hayes bringing my lips to his, he immediately kissed back.  "What's this?" He smirked, "To say sorry for what she did." I answered.
"Awww!" Every aww'ed except for Cameron and Chloe, I blushed again and hugged him. "Welcome home Mrs.Grier!" Nash said laughing then the rest laughed. Cameron was on the phone with mom and he gave me a look of saying you are going to regret this.
"Here." was all he said throwing his phone since it was a short throw I didn't bother to move to catch it. "Should've thrown it higher." I mumbled, I walked out side.
K-Hello?
M-what the he// is your problem
K-I wouldn't have a problem if Cameron didn't go out with his ex girlfriend that tired to kill me I committed because of that I tired to but I thought of you the one who doesn't believe me most of the time mainly never. It's all about Cameron freakin Dallas, What about Keegan huh no one gives a fuc* about Keegan no one does. And if they did they would've let me stay home if Cameron brought his ex girlfriend with him.
M-I'm sorry
K-yeah you say that now, Cameron wanted to get back at me for snapping at her so he told you what happened, but to come to find out I never told you Cameron hooked up with her too. I'm sorry too I wish I died I don't even want to call him my brother anymore that's how bad I feel about myself he doesn't feel anything because he doesn't regret anything he called me a slu* too.