
Hayes spun me around and pulled me back close to him, I smiled and the song was soon over and we kissed on.
The crowd started to whistle, I blushed and Hayes wrapped his arms around me. "Did you plan this?" I asked him, "I helped." he said, "The collage is what I did and the balloons." he said.
"Have you guys heard her sing before?" Cameron went up to me, I widen my eyes I shook my head he nodded, "She made this song dedicated to the love of her life." Cameron said Hayes carried me to the stage.
"You will pay for this Hayes." I said he winked at me, "Keegan Dallas I love you." Hayes said looking at me, I put my hands on my hips and just stand there, "I guess I love you too." I said, he laughed and kissed my cheek sitting next to Cameron and Nash
Riley sits next to me so I pat her head and she grabs onto my legs and I literally have a heart attack. She laughs and pulls away sitting on Tanner.
"When tomorrow comes, I'll be on my own, feeling frightened of the things that I don't know when tomorrow comes tomorrow comes tomorrow comes and though the road is longI look up to the sky and In the dark I found, I stop and I won't fly and I sing along, I sing along, then I sing along." I sing mom smiles at me putting her hand on her heart, I smile back and see Sierra, I smile wide and she waves I wave back.
"I got all I need when I got you and I, I look around me, and see sweet life I'm stuck in the dark but you're my flashlightyou're gettin' me, gettin' me through the nightcan't stop my heart when you shinin' in my eyes I can't lie, it's a sweet life I'm stuck in the dark but you're my flashlight you're gettin' me, gettin' me through the night cause you're my flash light you're my flash light, you're my flash light." I look at Hayes he winks and I blush looking back.
"I see the shadows long beneath the mountain top I'm not the afraid when the rain won't stop cause you light the way you light the way, you light the way." I stare into the pictures of me and Conner
"I got all I need when I got you and II look around me, and see sweet lifeI'm stuck in the dark but you're my flashlightYou're gettin' me, gettin' me through the nightCan't stop my heart when you shinin' in my eyes can't lie, it's a sweet life I'm stuck in the dark but you're my flashlight." I realized Conner helped get Riley back he couldn't help to see me cry all the time
"You're gettin' me, gettin' me through the nightCause you're my flash light you're my flash light light light, you're my flash light light light You're my flash light light light light light ohhh." I smile at everyone as they start to clap
"I got all I need when I got you and II look around me, and see sweet life I'm stuck in the dark but you're my flashlight you're gettin' me, gettin' me through the nightcan't stop my heart when you shinin' in my eyes can't lie, it's a sweet life I'm stuck in the dark but you're my flashlight."
"You're gettin' me, gettin' me through the nightcause you're my flash light You're my flash light, you're my flash light You're my flash light light light You're my flash light light light you're my flashlight." I finish Hayes stands up and picked me up kissing me.
"I love you baby." I say into the microphone looking into Hayes's eyes, "I love you more sweet girl." he squeezes me, when I finish talking to Hayes I jump off stage running into Sierra, I jumped into her arms, I smiled as she spun me around.
"I missed you so much." I cry, "I missed you too baby girl." she kissed my cheek she puts me down and wipe my tears away and we catch up, "Well I have a boyfriend to get to so I'll see you later." we both say then laugh, I hug her and she hugs the rest of the boys saying goodbye.