
"Don't do this anymore." I told her she nodded, Cameron called me I quickly declined. "You need to get out of those clothes." I told her she nodded, I pulled in the drive way and opened the door, I held Jake close to me.
"Go take a shower." I told her, she nodded and I walked upstairs, i turn on my shower and take a hot steamy shower, I wash my hair and my body, when I finished I put on a white sweater, black joggers, and my blue socks.
I fed Jake he didn't take it, "Hey we have a cheer competition tomorrow here." Riley said, I sighed nodding, "Okay." Was all I said. "Jake eat for me." I said I put the bottle in his mouth and he finally did.
When he finished the bottle I smiled, "Well wanna practice?" I asked, "Sure." she said, Jake sat there, all the guys were in the back playing football, I looked at Sammy he was looking at me.
I turned around and stretched with Riley, "Alright five sit seven eigh." Riley said I did an Back hand spring step out to start off with, into a front one and a half, and that into a full whip double. "Woo!" I said then flipped my hair.
The guys stood there with their mouths open, I chuckled, Riley jumped on me catching me off guard. I laughed as always and pushed her off, Sammy was looking the other way so I ran and jumped in his arms and kissed him.
"I'm sorry." he whispered, "You were just jealous it was cute, and I did choose you right?" I asked him he smiled nodding, I kissed him again and he out me down. "Good now I need an ankle brace before my ankle falls apart." I said Cameron already had one so he gave it to me.
"Thanks." I said, "Your welcome." he said, I looked at Hayes and Riley, I really do love Hayes but it's my fault for breaking up with him. I stood up and Sammy smiled, I hugged him and his abs were like oh my gosh. "Thanks babe." he flexed taking off his shirt, "Nope, I have practicing to do, and it's cold put your shirt back on." I told him, "Says the one who is wearing a sports bra." he said I looked down, "Oh right." I said.
"Hey wanna get some frozen yogurt with Hayes and I?" Riley asked, "Uh-No thanks you guys can go." I said, she frowned and hugged me, I patted her back, "When you change your mind you know where we are." she said I nodded.
"Oh my gosh Callie!" Sammy yelled she ran up to him hugging him, She kissed him and he kissed back, "I've never stopped loving you." he said, I started to cry running inside slamming the door.
I walked in my room slamming my door and locking it. Why would he do this, I mean I do like Hayes well I love Hayes, you know what Keegan you are gonna write this in your diary.
I grabbed it and started to write about that happened.
Diary:Sammy cheated
I was outside practicing flips with Riley then I made up with him, about ten minutes later his girlfriend now, Callie, kissed him, and he told her he never stopped loving her. I broke down, I can't believe he did this to me, I can't...
"Keegan you okay?" Cameron asked, "Go away!" I said, "Keegan come on he hasn't seen her in a while." Cameron said, "And he kisses her Cameron he kissed back, he told me he loved me." I cried.
"Keegan I love you." I hear him say, "You forgot love had an expiration date." I said I pushed past him getting in my car, Well after I grabbed Jake. "You will love me forever right?" I asked Jake he barked and licked my cheek.
I cried and drove to Sierra's house, "Sierra?" I call, "Hey what's wrong?" She asked, "Sammy cheated on me." I cried harder, "Shh, shh, it's okay." she said I shake my head, "I think I'm starting to like Hayes." I said she had a look on her face, "What?" She asks, I nod.