
Keegan's POV
All the guys were downstairs, I had my messy bun as always short yoga shorts and a tank top, because it was hot. I walked into the kitchen grabbing fruit and vanilla yogurt, I walked back upstairs with my water under my chin.
I grabbed my laptop sitting on my bed, I answered questions as I ate and checked the time, I changed into a pink, black, orange, white, Aztec shirt, shorts, and my oxfords. I curled my hair lightly, I drunk my lemon water and heard them laughing.
I finished my questions and put my laptop on my desk then made my bed up. I packed my bag with an extra bikini just in case I needed one. I walked downstairs, putting my dishes in he sink, "Did you finish?" Hayes asked me, "Yeah." I said, Hudson and Luke were looking at me.
Hudson smirked and looked at Luke, "Are you ready to go?" Mom asked me, I grabbed my bag and my phone then nodded. Then I walked into the kitchen grabbing my cold lemon water, Hayes looked at my phone, "Aww!" He gushed seeing a picture of me and him when I put the marshmallow on his lips.
"I know I'm cute." I said, he chuckled and leaned in looking down at my lips, I kiss him back and mom tries to take a picture but her flash was on. I laughed pulling away, but Cameron got the picture, "I love you." Hayes said, I put my seat belt on and just sat there. "Ugh you are evil!" He joked, "No I'm not because I love you." I said, "I love you a lot more." he said kissing me again, "Stop with the lovey dovey sh*t!" Taylor said.
I started to laugh and pulled away from Hayes, mom pulled up in her own parking lot they gave her. Hayes changed into the outfit they gave him, I was supposed to lay on my towel as the wind blows my hair.
Hayes was supposed to lay by my side staring into my eyes as I laid back. "Kinda lean on his chest and put your hand on his biceps." Nina said, he scooted closer towards me and I laid my head on his chest with my hand on his arm.
"You look like a mermaid." Ian the photographer said, I started to giggle, "Oh thanks." I turned back around, "Okay let's try something a little different." Nina's assistant said, Nina looked at her.
I stand up along with Hayes, I take off my shorts and shirt. I blushed as Hayes stared, he took off his jeans and had on his black and white swimming trunks, "Well..." I trailed off, "Go into the water, Hayes....Yes Hayes hold her close and you will kiss him." she talked to us.
He grabbed my hand and we walked in the water, "Oh sh*t this water is cold." I whispered, "Don't say that." he laughed, I smiled and wrapped my arms around his neck, "Oh my gosh there are fish by my feet." I screamed, Hayes laughed and picked me up.
"Okay I'm good." I said then looked back they were laughing and I blushed while smiling getting down, he wrapped his arms around me and I walked closer with our bodies touching, we kissed until we heard them say okay.
I dried off and so did Hayes, then they tell me I was gonna go back in the water. I walk back to shore and lay on my back, the water comes up and I tightly closed my eyes and felt the water reach my face. I got up afterwards and opened my eyes, my eyes were burning badly so I grabbed a towel and dried my eyes.
Hayes smiled looking at the pictures, I put my hair in a messy bun and stand there with my hand on my hip staring at Hayes. He slowly looks back up and shook his dry hair over, I snapped out of my thoughts and looked at the camera. I smile and they tell me to do a handstand, I did and then flipped over when I felt my boob coming up from my bikini top.
"We saw that!" Nina said, I blushed pulling the top up to support my boobs a little, "This isn't supporting." I said giggling, Hayes smiled. I winked at him and then Nina and I had to walk on the rocks, we hold hands and we lost balance and fell into the water.