
Keegan's POV
I was currently hanging up the extra Christmas lights in my room around my door and around my bed and some on the wall, I bought a couple of sweaters for Jake and he loved them.
I had a small Christmas tree in the corner for Jake, I put little ornaments on it and looked really pretty. Sammy walked into my room as I played Christmas music. "I need to decorate my room like this." he chuckled, "Hey." I smile, then kissed him.
"Hey." he said, after we pulled away, I changed my curtains to a cream color. I opened the door for Jake cause he wanted to leave. We walked downstairs, I walked into the kitchen started to make the cookies, "We should make a ginger bread house." Cameron said, "Yeah." I said.
Cameron helped me decorate the finished cookies too, "Do you want any Starbucks?" I ask him, "Ooh yes." he said I chuckled, I hug him, "Okay I'll see you later." I said, Sammy and I walked out the door after I put on my Uggs. He grabbed my hands, I smiled as the wind blows and my hair blowing, "It looks so pretty." I said as the snow started to fall.
"Just like you." he picked me up kissing me, "You are so cheesy." I chuckled kissing him again, he put me down and I saw Hayes at Riley's house, she hugged him and kissed him.
I kept walking, "Hey Keegan!" She smiled, I smiled back, "Hey." I said, she frowned walking towards me, "What's up?" She asks, "Nothing." I told her I smiled, she chuckled then hugged me.
She handed me a small box, I give her one in return, I open it and it was a necklace that said sisters forever, it was sliver and had a heart. "Thanks I love it." I hugged her again, "I love yours too." she said, I smiled.
"Go back to your lover boy." I told her smirking, she blushed and walked away. I squeal as Sammy grabs me by my hips, I turn around facing him, he kisses me, I kiss back then pull away.
"Let's go Cameron is waiting." I got down, we walked in and I see Sierra. I sigh, "Hi how may I help you?" The Starbucks lady asked, we ordered and soon she gave them to me. I hand her my money and we leave.
"Keegan?" She whispers starting to cry, "Can you hold this?" I ask Sammy, he nods and I walk to Sierra, "What?" I ask, her "I'm sorry I'm so so sorry." she cries, I hug her. "I forgive you." I told her she nods and I kiss her cheek.
"I'll see you later." I told her she nodded, I grabbed my drink from Sammy, We soon got in the house, I see all the guys, and Hayes of course. I hand Cameron his drink in the kitchen, "Jake." I call he comes running out the kitchen, I give him one of the, doggy Christmas treats.
"Spin." I said he stood up on his hind legs and spun, I put my cup up and stand on my hands, he does the same, "Good boy." I said kissing his head, I hand him his treat and he runs to his bed with it.
Sammy stands under a mistletoe, I chuckle then walk towards him wrapping my arms his neck, then kiss him. "Oh." He chuckled, I pull away and put my favorite candles out, I start lighting them.
Cameron walks in, I lay on the floor and Jake comes running, "Why-" Cameron was starting to ask, I shake my head, "Don't ask." I said holding my hand up, he kisses my hand, "Eww,Cameron stop!" I start laughing, he starts tickling me like olds time.
"Cameron!" I scream laughing, "I love you." he said, "I love you too." I said, he stood up and helped me up, I walked into the kitchen then washed my hands, I felt someone's hand on my butt.
I turn it was Sammy, "Whatcha doing there Wilkinson?" I ask, "Oh you know just touching your butt." he chuckled, I smile leaning in to kiss his lips. I pull away and wipe my hands off.
"Jake!" I call he runs in with me, "Let's go." I said we walked into my dance room followed my everyone, I take off my shoes showing my Christmas socks.