
"She's staying with us." I told Cameron, "Okay." he said, Cameron put the diaper in a bag then threw it away. "I love you." Cameron said, "I love you too." I looked at him, "Aww, I llove you Hayes." Nash said hugging him, "Eh." he said, "Hayes." I warned smiling, "I love you too Nash." he said.
I kissed Hayes and he held onto my cheek, we pulled away and I looked at Bailey, she was falling asleep. I lay her on my chest, then put her pink soft blanket over her. "I need a blanket like this." I said, "I think mom kept ours." Cameron said.
"Well then." I said, she woke up starting to cry, "Why are you crying?" I sat her up, Cameron hands me her bottle and she drunk half of it, I burped her and she spits up a little.
I put her pacifier in her mouth and she falls asleep on my chest, "You'd be a good mom." Nash said Hayes glared, "You'd be a great uncle." I said, I felt Cameron staring at me.
I start feeling weird about Cameron, "Why are you staring at me?" I asked him, "What?" He asks like he wasn't staring, "Nothing." I said, "Whats on your mind?" Cameron asked me, "Pizza." I say it really wasn't.
"Keegan?" Cameron said, I looked at him "Tell me." he said, "Why is everyone talking about me and a baby?" I asked, "Well, I know this is off topic but you'd just have to look at it as a compliment." Nash said, "We see how good you are taking responsibility and taking care of Jake as if he was a real baby." Cameron said, I looked around the room.
"I'll be back." I said grabbing her bag and bringing it to my room, I walked in the bathroom bringing her little tub in my tub, I ran the warm water and sat her in her tub. I felt arms around me again, I turned around seeing Hayes.
I grab her wash cloth out of her bag and cleaned her up, Hayes started rubbing my butt. I finished cleaning her up and drained the water, and wrapped her in her baby towel.
"I love you." Hayes stood behind me really close, "I love you." I said putting her on my bed and turning around kissing him, I turned back around and changed her diaper and out her sleeper on.
I brushed her hair holder her close to my chest, Hayes rubbed my sides. He pulls my shirt up a little, I smile a little, "What are you doing?" I asked him, "Loving on my girlfriend." he whispered on my neck lightly kissing it.
I turned around, "Hayes stop." I kissed him, "I love you so much." He whispers against my lips, "I love you so much more babe." I told him, I walked in Cameron's room laying in the same spot, Nash and Cam were asleep.
I laid next to Cameron and he woke up, he wrapped his arms around me. "Wake up you too." I said, Hayes slapped Nash and I shook Cameron, "Hayes leave me alone." Nash groaned, "Nashy wake up." I whined.
Hayes kissed me, Cameron and Nash soon woke up, we continued to kiss until Nash was pulled by Hayes and I was pulled by Cameron. "Cameron really?" I asked him, I laid on my back letting her lay on my chest.
Hayes wrapped his arms around me, "Aww!" Nash said, "I don't know why you hate this but I could see you guys having at least two children." Cameron said, I smiled and pressed my finger on his lips. He pulled me closer pressing his lips on my cheek, "Cameron to be honest I thought you were gonna kiss me on the lips." I laughed, "Siblings do that a lot." he said.
"I hope I'm not one of those siblings." I said, "Yeah." Cameron said, "Baaabe!" Hayes whined, "What?" I asked turning my head, "Nash and I have to leave tonight." he pouted, "No." I whispered, "I know." he said, "Stay for at least fifteen more minutes." I begged, "We have to go now." he said, I stood up walking downstairs to the door.