
"You're thirsty." I smile starting to giggle,"Bruh she got you!" Nash shouts laughing with the others, "I don't like you for that." He blushes, I kiss him. "Where's Jennifer?" I asked Cameron, "She's right here." She walked in.
"Who else has girlfriends besides Hayes, and Cameron?" I ask, they all raise their hands except Sammy. "Her name is Kendall." Nash said, "Leah." Matt said, "Mahogany." Jacob looked at her.
"Blake." Jack G said, "Heather." Taylor said, "Wait the one that you talked to at the meet and greet?" I asked, "Yes." he said I nodded. "Shoot." I said quickly getting up rushing upstairs in my bathroom I changed my pad then put on a pad.
I walked back downstairs, Jake was hungry again, I quickly made a bottle. I sit on the island standing up up on my lap feeding it to him. "Why is it so quiet?" I ask them, they shrugged, "Because you haven't sung in a long time." Cameron smirked, I rolled my eyes shaking my head.
"Nope." I said, Jake bit my finger playfully. "Ow you little evil puppy." I pulled my finger away, he starts jumping around. I lay on the counter top leaving my head over it. "Your face is upside down." Cameron said, "Your face isn't pretty upside down, I flipped over and chuckled, "Eh, I guess both sides aren't really pretty." I said he smiles.
I get down from the counter top, "Mom!" I yell playfully, I start running as Cameron walked towards me, I walk back into the kitchen and I turned my head he was right next to me, I scream then laugh falling onto the floor.
"Stop doing that." I told him, "I'm just a ninja." he said, I chuckled taking a sip of Sammy's water. "Why didn't you just get one?" Cameron asks, "I'm weak right now." I said giving Cameron a look, "Oh." was all he said nodding.
Sammy plays in my hair, I hand him one of my brushes that I left down here. "Im gonna try to do your hair." he said I nodded drinking the rest of his water, "I believe the answer is you are thirty." he said, I turned around his shirt was off and I turn back around blushing.
"Thank you." I say in a singing tone, taking my brush, I walk into the bathroom, It was as perfect as can be. I kiss him, I walk into the living room grabbing my phone, I walk into the kitchen seeing a lot of girls. I stop at the door, I drop my hair brush, closing my eyes slowly and open the back.
I pick up the brush and they all look at me giving me a questioning look, "Um what's with the awkward silence?" I asked, "Hey I'm Linsey." a girl said eyeing Sammy she was about my age too.
"Sammy I want a hug." I said holding out my arms, he hugs me and she looks at me, "Back off he's mine." I mouthed to her, she sighed mouthing fine back. She walks over to him and grabs his face kissing him. "Dude what the he//?" I question her, "Oh he's taken by you?" She asks, Sammy looks at me.
"Goodnight peoples." I say walking upstairs into my room, Jake follows and crawls into my bed. Sammy comes in. "Don't be jealous baby, and no I didn't kiss her back." he told me in a calm voice.
"I want you to be my girlfriend." he looks up at me, "Of course." I smile then kissed him, He crawls over me without breaking the kiss, he holds onto my waist and touch his abs.
"You are so hot." he told me, I smiled. "Your the model babe." I smirked at him he winks back and I look at the door seeing Linsey. "Hey Sammy can I talk to you?" She asks, "I'm kinda busy here." he doesn't give her any attention.
"Let's go make the gingerbread house." I whisper to him, he nods and picks me up, I giggle, "Sammy!" I squeal, I grab Jake and bring him with me. I start the sides and Sammy takes out the whip cream and squirts it on my lips, "Really?" I ask starting to laugh, he kisses it off and I laugh while, Cameron sits there kissing his girlfriend.