
"Aww!" I hear, I look up and see Nash and his girlfriend, she's really pretty too. "Hey, I'm Penelope." she said, "Keegan." I said she smiled and hugged me, "Nash told me a lot about you too." she said sitting next to us, "Oh yeah, Nash is a nice person and brother." I said.
"Wait your dating your brother?" She asked, "No, Nash has been around since Cameron was about seven, he's like a brother to me." I said she laughed, I looked at Hayes and he was getting annoyed, "Okay well the movie is started I'll see you when it's over." Nash said, She got up and walked with him.
"You okay?" I asked Hayes, "Yeah, I just wanted it a you and me day." he pouted, "Baby, it's okay, we can make tie dye shirts, shorts, watch movies, make a fort. I have all day baby." I said he smiled and pecked my lips, "I love you." he whispers, "I love you more." I whisper back.
In the middle of the movie, I was about to cry. I gave Hayes his sweatshirt and I put mine on, I cuddled closer towards him and he kissed my forehead. I felt popcorn hit my face, I looked down to see Cameron laughing, I give him my finger and hug Hayes tighter.
"Are you okay baby?" He asked me, "Cameron is being a- I'm not gonna say it." I said, Hayes chuckled, Cameron looked back and I gave him a death stare, he turned back around slowly and scarily. As soon as the movie was over Hayes and I walked out followed by the guys, "Keegan!" Cameron whines.
"Please remind me to never go to the movies with Cameron and his friends." I told Hayes, Nash and Penelope caught up with us and Hayes was annoyed again, I gripped his hand. "So um...You're a Victoria secret model?" she asks me.
"Yes." I smiled looking at her, "Oh no wonder why you look perfect." she said, "I'm not perfect...its you who's perfect." I said, she smiled back, "Nash is taking me to your house, I'll see you then." She hugged me, "Okay." I said hugging her back.
Hayes and I road home and he took a shower, he was acting so mad. I walked in my room and got in the shower with him, "Baby, why are you mad?" I asked him, he pushed me against the wall kissing me, "Whoa." I said staring at his abs, "I was only annoyed baby." he said, I smiled and kissed him again.
I grab my shower gel then wash up, Hayes does the same and I start to sing imagination from Shawn, Hayes smiles. I rinse my hair out and Hayes hugs me, I wrap my arms around his neck and he squeezes my butt.
"Hayes!" I flinch, I kiss him and he brings us under the shower head, "Its the notebook." Hayes pulled away, I laughed and we got out the shower. I dried off putting on a black v-neck tank top, grey leggings, and neon green under armer socks.
Hayes had on boxers, a grey shirt, and the same socks as mine. "Twining!" We said and he tackled me to the bed I laughed and he tickled me, I screamed and he laughed too, I started laughing too. He soon stopped and picked me up.
"Let's go make tie dye shirts." I said, I grabbed a plain white muscle tee, and Hayes grabbed his longer muscle tee, We wanted the same so we did. "My hands are colorful." I giggled showing him, he laughed and when we finished we left them outside to dry.
We washed our hands and most of the dye came off, we grabbed sheets, pillows, and blankets from the closet. We brought them upstairs and made a fort it was perfect few for Netflix from my tv. "I can't wait to sleep under this." I said, Jake barked, "I'm taking that as a me too." I told Jake, he jumped on my bed and laid there.
Hayes and I cuddled until they came back, "Hey-oh my gosh what's this?" Cameron shrieked laughing, "Our fort." I said, "I'm sleeping with y'all." Cameron said, "Okay babes." I said, Hayes chuckled and all the guys soon came in.