
Keegan's POV
Flashback Friday night
While I was cheering and doing our dances the ball went to our side and someone's helmet touched my butt. "Sorry." was all he said I picked up the ball and gave it too him. "It's fine." Was all I said and he ran off and threw the ball to the ref.
-----End of the game.
"Hey, What are you doing later?" The boy asked he had bright blue eyes, I think his name was Hayes Grier something like that but he was the schools jock and if he liked a girl they would instantly like him back but I'm not like that.
Most girls who do that play volleyball to show off their butts, I'm not like that neither is my best friend Olivia, we both play softball and cheer. I dye my hair sometimes for the sporty look and just for fun, I rarely wear dresses and...sandals...ugh. The only thing girly about me is that I like getting my nails done and wearing shorts
Anyways as he was saying, "So do you have plans or not?" He asked I snapped out of my thoughts and looked at him, "No I have no plans why, what's up?" I asked him getting my water from the bench and my pom pom.
"Wanna hang out at my place?" He asked, I shrugged, "Why not?" I said we started walking, "Dallas hurry up!" My brother Cameron yelled, "Shut up Cameron!" I yelled back, "You know him?" He asked I nodded, "He's my brother." I said he stopped, "Really my brother and your brother are like best friends for life." he said in shock, "I know Nash used to come over a lot when I was younger, I would be in the back with them practicing softball with them." I said.
"You play softball?" He asked, "Wow you must really don't know me enough do you?" I asked, "Well I do know your name is Keegan and you are in the Dallas family." he said, "Keegan stop flirting and come on we have to go to Nash's house mom dropped off some clothes for you." Cameron said "I'm not flirting and I'm coming!" I said to him, "Well I'll see you at your house." I looked at Hayes he smirked nodding.
I got in Cameron's car and we drove to the Grier house. "So, you've met Hayes?" Cameron asked trying to break the silence I nodded slowly looking out the window. Nash was beside us and Cameron rolled down my window so I ducked a little, "Awww, Little Dallas doesn't wanna be seen?" Nash said, "Shut up Grier!" I said Hayes rolled down his window and smiled at me, "Hi." he said, "Hello." was all I said.
"Aww!" Nash and Cameron said, "Shut up Grier!" I said to Nash "Shut up Dallas!" Hayes said to Cameron we said it in unison. Cameron looked at the road and rolled up the window going past Nash. "You still have the picture?" I asked him, "Yeah how could I not?" He asked.
"We are by the Grier's again!" I said making a face with no emotion, Nash rolled down the windows again, and so did Cameron, "If you guys are gonna keep rolling the windows down why put them back up?" I asked, "Keegan?" Cameron said, "What?" i asked, "I love you." Cameron said kissing my cheek sloppily, "Ewwww, Cameron stop!" I slapped his hand away, "Ow!" He said holding his hand.
"Do not ever do that again...Or you will be slapped like I did now!" I smiled, "Now you have make up over your lips!" I laughed he looked in the mirror and he chuckled, "Nash look." Cameron said to him, "That's wonderful." Nash said.
"Goooooo!" I brought out the 'O' "Oh." I was all he said I giggled and got to his house. We pulled up and they rolled the windows downs once again, "Momma Grier they are doing it again!" I yelled she came out and hugged me and Hayes then Skylynn came out.
"Keegan!" She yelled, "Skylynn!" I put my stuff down and she jumped into my arms, "Even though it's like 9:00 I still missed you." She said I chuckled, "Me too." She said, "Aww, I see you have a red mark did Cameron do this to you?" She asked looking at my cheek, "And it hurt momma Grier." She hugged me.