
Keegan's POV
"Good morning beautiful." Hayes whispers, I smile a little, "Hi, babe." I look up at his eyes. "I'm in love with your eyes." Hayes stare into my eyes, I chuckle smiling. "Thank you but I need a shower." I told him, he looked at me with pleading eyes, I sigh nodding what he wants.I get up taking off my shirt, and shorts, and grabbed a new pair of my clothes. I walked into the bathroom cutting on the shower then Hayes walked in with boxers on, I brushed my teeth to get it over with and so did Hayes.
We got in the shower, I washed my hair with my vanilla bean shampoo. I washed myself with my vanilla bean body wash, Hayes holds onto my waist, I blush then giggle. I turn hugging him, he squeezes my butt and I quickly pull away, "Hands Grier." I pointed at him he smiled and kissed me.
"I love you." he pulled away, "I love you." I look at him smiling, I bring him down to kiss me I hold on to his neck and he holds onto my waist. I deepen the kiss, "Mm." I say seductively, he chuckles and pulls me closer, My phone starts ringing. "Sh*t." I mumble pulling away from Hayes, I cut the shower off and wrap myself in a towel.
"Hello?" I answered, it was mom, "Hey why'd it take you so long to answer?" She asked suspiciously, "I was in the shower mom." I said, "And where was Hayes?" She asked, "Sleeping." I said looking at Hayes he chuckled, "Oh okay well I'll see you later." she said, "Okay." I said then she hung up.
"Why didn't you tell her?" Hayes laughed, "Do you want her to kill me?" I asked laughing, "Keegan, think about it, we are fifteen practically a teen, so we should just tell her." he said, "I'll tell her the next time." I said pecking his lips.
I put on my underwear and bra, my navy blue tank top, creamy cardigan, my ankle boots, with my black jeans. Hayes had on a gray T-shirt, a black and blue long sleeve flannel, black jeans, and blue vans. "Aww you look cute!" I gushed towards Hayes, "You look hot!" He blushed.
"Thank you." I said he nodded and kissed my cheek. I hear a knock on the door, I look at Hayes, "Did you order pizza?" We asked each other, we chuckle then opened the door, "What's up?" Hudson said. "H-Hayes?" I stare at Hudson then turn around.
"Oh hey Cameron." he smiled, I look at him wand weirdly, I close and open my eyes to see Cameron, "Da*nit." I say, "What?" Hayes asks, "Nothing." I tell him, he gives me a questioning look, I shake my head.
"Hey." Hudson says, I closed my eyes and opens them again, he was still there. "What do you want?" Hayes asks, "Her." he answers staring at me, I sit on the bed and Hudson sits next to me, I stand up quickly but he grabs my arm. "I heard you talked to my dad, he said that you cut him, so I'm gonna cut you." he said pulling out a knife and quickly scraping it across my leg that was showing a little.
"*Gasped loudly*!" Hayes takes the knife and pushed him on the floor, Cameron called the cops. "Alright open up." they yelled, Cameron opened the door, "Can I talk to her alone?" One of the officers say, they all leave after they take Hudson.
"So what happened?" He asked, "He accused me off cutting his dad yesterday night while we were at a Christmas party, but my dog ran in the road and he apologized so many times, then he looked at me and said he should've ran over my dog." I said, "Does he know you?" He asked, "I'm his older sons ex girlfriend." I said nodding.
"Okay, thank you so much one more thing." he said he grabbed his handcuffs and tied me to the bed, "What are you doing?" I asked, "I'm gonna have s*x with you." he said pulling off my shoes. "HAYES!" I scream, he smirks and kisses me, I start to cry.
He pulls off my pants and his hands were on my inner thigh. "HAYES!" I scream again, I hear the door open and I see Cameron and Hayes and the other cops, the other cops looked shocked and grabbed the key from him taking him to the ground.