
Hayes's POV
When I saw her on the floor after running I nearly died, I picked up her lifeless body and found Nash, "Call the ambulance." I rushed him he hung up on Momma Dallas and called the ambulance.
I laid her down checking her pulse, "She's still alive." I told him, after about fifteen minutes they got her here and picked her up on the stretcher. I cried into Nash, I was so scared I didn't want to loose her ever.
I know I hurt her, but that's in the past. "It's okay bud, I'll warn the others." he said I nodded and be quickly got them they got into the car and the Nash and I got into the ambulance with her.
We soon got there, they rushed her down the emergency room, I was about to fight the doctors till Nash pulled me back, "Hayes she's gonna be okay, I promise." he hugged me, Cameron didn't even bother to show up, Momma Dallas called again. Nash talked to her she said she was gonna be here in about two hours she was in Canada.
We went into a waiting room and I cried into Nash, "Hayes look at me." Nash said, I did, "She will be fine I would've never told you this if she wasn't,but she will be." he said, "You must really like her." he said, "I didn't want her to find out about the stuff y'all sent her, I mean I like her but I wanted her to find out herself." he said I nodded, "Oh okay." he said.
Matthew looked at me, "Its gonna be okay I can see that you want to start to cry again." He said, I nodded wiping the tears away.
----------Four hours later
"Keegan Dallas?" The nurse walked in Momma Dallas stood up, "What's up?" She said the door was cracked open so we could hear what she was saying, "Well, she's okay she should be waking up in about fourth-five minutes or so." she said, "Hayes." Momma Dallas said, "You should see her first." she said, "Thanks." I give her a weak smile she hugs me and I walk down the hall with the nurse.
"Is she your girlfriend?" She asked, "No...its something like that, we just became close and we clicked." I said she nodded, "I can see you guys are gonna have some up and downs but in the end it's worth it." she said I nodded,"Thank you." I said she smiled nodding.
"There you go." She said at the door, I opened it and saw her lifeless body hooked up to machines it looked scary just a little but it wasn't that bad.
"Okay, Keegan ever since I started to be mean to you and said I hated you back, I didn't mean it I love you, I need you in my life I don't want you to be in the hospital for this long, when you kissed me I got sparks, please just wake up if you hear this please." I said, "I love you." I said. "Keegan?" I whisper, "Please wake up." I say, she still lays there, "Keegan baby, please." I beg her.
I sit down on her bed, I hold her hand, I lean down to kiss her, wow I thought that would work. I get up and let go of her loose hand. I walk to the door, "Hayes?" I hear I stop and turn around to see her smiling at me, "Keegan!" I smile I hug her tightly, I bring my lips to her, "You really did miss me." she said I chuckle nodding, "Keegan baby, please." She mocks me, "You heard that?" I asked her, "Hayes I was only asleep, I can still hear." she laughs.
"I'm glad you're back." I said leaning down to kiss her again I then hug her tightly. "I love you too." She said I blush, "Well if you love me enough please press that call button." I said she did and the nurse I was talking to came in afterwards.
"He was a mess when you went down the emergency room." The nurse told her smiling at me, Keegan looked at me, "Aww really?" She asks, I nod slowly blushing again, "When you explained her to me, I could tell you were gonna be okay, I had a feeling you would wake up, most people in the hallway of the hotel would hit their heads hard enough to where they would die." she said, I smiled, "I'm glad she's okay." I said.