
Cameron takes my phone and plugs it up to an aux cord, my music started shuffling. Lean on started to play and the beat drops and Cameron and Nash start acting crazy. I vined us, I made faces and a whole bunch of people in a second started to like and comment on it.
"Riley see what I go through." I told her, "I know I feel bad." she said Tanner laughed, Cameron smacked my thigh on accident and I scream, "Ow!" I start to laugh, "Sorry." he said smiled, You know you like it starts playing.
Mom pulls out the drive way and when she goes to the stop sign, she gets on her phone and wait for the cars to go by. I lean forward towards her. "Hey mom." I smile, I start to laugh. "What do you want?" She asks, "I love you." I smile she goes and swerves, I fall into Hayes's lap and I start laughing as he laughs, I snort then Cameron starts to laugh.
"You should've had on your seat belt." she said I laughed harder then calmed down. Trumpets starts playing, I start to dance to the song and I sit on Hayes's lap and poke Cameron in his neck. "I swear Keegan, keep playing." he laughed.
"Bing." I said poking his neck again, he went to slap my hand but I moved and slid to the other side, "It's too hard to sleep." I whisper to Cameron, "I got the sheets on the floor, nothin on me, I can't take it no more, it's a 100 degrees, I got one foot out the door, where are my keys cause I gotta leave yeah." I sit back in my seat.
"In the back of the car I tripped 'head of the time, get me there fast' I got your body on my mind, oh just the thought of you gets me so high. So high." I looked at Riley and she was laughing.
"Boy, you're the one I want to want me, and if you want me, boy you got me, there's nothin I, no, I wouldn't do just to get up next to you!" I say sliding on Hayes's lap rolling my hips on his, he bites his lip and I smile then stop.
-----------place.
We get out the car and I start spinning, I start dancing and I start singing again. "Stop!" Cameron groaned, throwing me over his shoulder, "Don't do that I have s sensitive stomach." I told him, he didn't listen he kept walking behind mom.
I lean up and Cameron looked up at me, Cameron gives me to Hayes and he puts me down grabbing my hand. We walk in and I hear mom's heels clicking, I look at the projector its pictures of me, Hayes, Riley, and the boys, then it goes all the way back when Conner and I were playing with Cameron.
"Ahh Conner stop!" Little Keegan screams, I smile laying my head on Hayes's shoulder, he wraps his arms around me. I look around and it's just Hayes and us, Ride by somo stars playing and it shows Hayes me I kissing all the time.
"Baby girl, I'm so sorry about your birthday, I wasn't expecting it to end like this so I got you two things." mom said through the microphone, I smiled Cameron came towards me handing me a box with poked holes in it.
I opened it and a baby golden retriever popped out, I smiled and Hayes grabbed my a chair and put a crown on my head. I held the puppy and a I heard the door open I looked to see who it was.
It was Kalin and Myles.
I looked at Hayes he smiled, "Happy belated birthday baby girl." mom said I smiled I gave Hayes the puppy hugging her.
The huge crowd clapped and, I hugged Myles and Kalin. I took pictures with them and one of their songs played and we all danced to it. Hayes grabbed my hand pulling me closer, "I love you." I said, "I love you more babe." he kissed my cheek.
I held the puppy close to me, "What are you gonna name him?" Hayes asked me, "Jake." I smiled, Red lighter from SoMo started playing and Hayes and I slow danced letting Jake run around with Cameron.