
Jake runs up to me and I pick him up, he licks my face, "Aww!" I hear someone, I turn to see mom talking to some guys then kiss them, "Really?" I asked her, "The day you forget my birthday then walk out to kiss someone?" I ask her, "Sweet girl wait!" She said, "Don't talk to me anymore." I said walking away from her.
"I'm sorry." she said, "Really? I am too, I'm sorry that I cared and now I don't." I said back to her, as a tear slips down. I put Jake down and walk into the bathroom letting my hair down covering my face from crying.
I look at myself, I wipe my tears away and put on mascara. I shake it off I brush my hair out and walk out. I start to spin around towards the entrance and did a cartwheel out the door.
I hear little cries I turn my head to see mom on the sidewalk, "Mom I'm sorry, what happened?" I asked her, "He slapped me." she said, I looked at her and she slapped me, "Its all your fault!" She said I start to cry run inside, I rush to the bathroom.
Riley comes in, "Your face is red who did this?" She asked, "Mom." I look at her, rubs it gently and I flinched, "I'm telling Cameron." she said, "No let me do this." I said, "Cameron?" I walk out I start to cry.
"Why is your face red?" He asked me rubbing it gently and I flinch, "Who did this?" He raised his voice making me flinch again, "M-om." I said he starts walking that way.
"Cameron stop." I said trying to stop him, "No." he said pushing me to the floor. I start to cry harder groaning at my back and Hayes picks me up, I start to sob into his shirt, and he pulls me into the bathroom lifting my shirt up.
It's red, "Hayes can I stay with you?" I asked, "How long you want baby girl." he said, I nodded and he looks at my face, I lift my arms up and he picks me up, I tuck my face in his neck and Cameron walks in.
"What did you do?" I asked him, "I only talked to her chill." he said, "No I'm not gonna chill, you pushed me to the floor leaving my back as red as can be and acting like you're gonna fight her. Oh I'm gonna chill." I said getting out of Hayes's grip.
"She said it was your fault because she told him that she had no kids." he whispered, "Is she still out there?" I asked him, "I don't think it's okay to be out there." Cameron said, "That's why you're coming with me." I said.
"No I'm not." he said, "Fine I'm going on my own." I said, "Fine." he said standing up, I got down and walked out, "Why would you do that?" I asked her, "I'm sorry." she whispered, "No, don't apologize to me now, I don't even feel safe around you. I wanted to know why you told him you had no kids." I said, "You know what, just leave, move out I don't care anymore. I don't care about you anymore just leave." she said to me.
I broke down, I couldn't walk anymore, Cameron picked me up and I got down, "I can't do this I'm sorry." I said getting out of his grip, "No what are you doing?" He asked me, I walked to the pool at the deep end then stripped down into my bra and underwear.
"I love you." I said to him going in the deep end and stopped breathing.