
I looked to my right and Riley and Tanner were kissing. "Hayes?" I said he looks down, "Yeah?" He smiles I smile too and I rub his cheek with my thumb, "I love you." I said, "I love you too." he said kissing me under the waterfall. Soon a buttload of boys jump in causing us to pull away.
Hayes turns back and continues to kiss me, I smile, in the kiss and he slips his tongue in. Nash, Cameron, and the jacks start making girly noises. I pull away, looking at them, they start to laugh sticking out their tongues.
I lay my head in Hayes's chest and his hands are holding my thighs slowly moving to my butt, I flinch then move up a little. "H-ayes?" I smile looking at him, He smiles and I crash my lips on his. I pull away and play in his hair, "Moms home." Cameron said, I let go of Hayes getting out of the pool watching Cameron slip on the floor, I hold out my arm for him to take still laughing, instead he pulls me down and I slip falling onto him.
"Are you okay?" Mom asked handing me my Starbucks, "Now I am that's mommy." I smile giving Cameron a look I take a sip of my Starbucks and Cameron pushes the cup towards me, the straw touches the back of my throat making me gag, I rush to the sink taking my straw out of my drink.
I spit up a little and rinse my mouth out, "Eww!" I say looking down at my spit up, I rinse it down the drain and I get one of my chevron straws.
I walk back out and sit down on my towel, Cameron comes out and I snatch his phone out of his hands and push him in pool. I smile and he glares at me blew a kiss at him, he starts to get out of the pool and I quickly dry my feet off running inside with our phones.
"MOM!" I scream, "What?" She asks, "Cameron won't leave me alone." I said, "She pushed me in the pool." he said she looked at me, "He pushed the cup up and made me gag pushing the straw down my throat." I said she looked at Cameron who was smiling.
"Cameron that's not nice, Keegan say sorry." she told me, I held my mouth open then walked away. "Don't pout, I'm waiting for my apology." Cameron smirked, I gave him his phone, "You're welcome." I said, "Nope." he said, "I'm so so so so so so so sorry Cameron I really am I love you so much!" I said in a serious tone, they start laughing, "Eh I'll take it." he said hugging me, I just stood there.
"Hug me back." he said, I shook my head "Please?" He begged me, "Cameron I'm not gonna hug you." I said, "Hug me or you are going in the pool." He said, I sighed slowly hugging him, he let me go.
"Guys, we need to get go somewhere." mom said we nodded, "I call shower first!" I yell, running upstairs starting the shower, I take a quick shower and wash my hair.
I grab my towel, when I finish, my door shuts. I look and see Hayes, "You gave me a heart attack." I told him he laughed and kissed me, I walked back in the bathroom tucking my towel tightly.
I wash my face, brush my teeth, and blow dry my hair I put it in a ponytail. Hayes walks in and I get dressed into a California anchor muscle tee, boyfriend jeans, and my red vans.
I change my phone case to an anchor case, that said 'hope anchors the soul'. I watch as a shirtless Hayes come out, and since I forgot my bandeau so I slid off my shirt looking through my draw. Hayes stares at me I smile and found a black one.
I walk towards him and kiss him, he hair was still wet so I walked us to the bathroom blow drying his hair. I smile and hug him all the water evaporated off of him when I blow dried him. "I love you." Hayes said, "I love you too." I smile pecking his lips.