
Keegan's POV
"Get up we are going to the gym." Cameron said, I felt someone on my chest and it was Sammy. "Cameron!" I groan, "Come on I don't want you here with Sammy alone." he begged us, I sighed.
Sam, moved off of me and I walked into the bathroom changing into sweatpants, sweatshirt, and my Nike free runs. Then I brushed my teeth along with Sammy, he gets dressed when I walked out the bathroom.
I walk downstairs eating fruit, then drinking water, I felt hands on my waist. I quickly turned around. "Don't do that Sam." I breathed, "Sorry." he chuckled I smiled then kissed him.
"Okay, it's about six in the morning and you guys are kissing." Cameron said, "Hate to say this but I know you and Jen do the same." I smiled pulling away from Sammy then walked to the car, I was freezing.
"Alright guys are y'all ready?" Cameron asked, I rolled my eyes. "I'd be surprised, if Keegan doesn't lift anything." Carter joked, "We'll see about that Reynolds." I said, "Game on Dallas." he said.
We got to the gym, Cameron decided we should have partners so girls with girls and boys with boys. Of course it was me and Riley, she didn't really work out like like I did.
We start running on a treadmill till we dripped sweat, we lift weights, we ran ten times again on the treadmill, my sweatshirt was soaked, I took it off in my Nike sports bra, "Okay." Cameron said out of breath, "Cameron grow up and do more, we did more than you." I said they all looked at me, I was dripping sweat. "Don't look at me I look hideous." I said.
They all laughed and Cameron said something about it so I tackled him to the floor, "Wanna say something else?" I asked laughing he smiled and I got off of him helping him up.
"Do more." I told them, Cameron was next to me on the other side, and so was Riley. I started picking up the pace, I looked at Cameron he was finally dripping swear.
"I'm so sore." Carter said, "Get used to it." I told him, Sammy was dripping sweat too. Cameron wrapped his sweaty arms around me, "Eww I've never wanted to be in the position!" I scream laughing.
I try to pull away, "Do you want to be sore?" I asked him he quickly pulled away and I nodded, "Good." I smiled. I looked at Riley and Hayes they were looking pretty good I guess. I turn back around. I grabbed my water that was empty.
I looked at Cameron, he was smiling. "I love you." he smiled I rolled my eyes, "Let's go." I said, "I call shotgun!" I yelled Nash started running and I made it to the car, and we were fighting.
"Stop fighting, Nash gets the seat." Cameron said I walked on his side slapping the mess out of him, "Remember this." I whispered to him, I sat in the back on Sammy's lap.
We got home I put my clothes in the washer, I took a long shower, I finished my shower and smelt like vanilla ice cream. I put on a pink sweater and black jeans with my knee socks.
Soon everyone got done with their showers, mom made hot chocolate, I really didn't want any right now. "Jake!" I call, he runs from my room downstairs. I feed him and I sit on Sammy's lap. I kiss him and Jake finished his bottle.
Jake takes in a deep breathe letting it out, I chuckled, "I'm gonna take a nap." I told Sammy he nodded and kissed me, I walked upstairs into my room laying down. I soon fell asleep.
-----------Dream
"Hey mom I'll be back." I said, "Okay, be careful." she warned I nodded walking out the door. I start walking to a bridge no one really drives by then a car came speeding by, I was calling Conner or Cameron because they were on their way home.