
I put on my black bandeau, and put my shirt back on. Hayes gets dressed and we walk downstairs, When I turn a corner I see Cameron, and when I turn another corner Cameron is there again.
I walk in the living room to sit down and I turn my head to see him staring down at me. "Oh my gosh what do you want?" I asked, "Twenty dollars?" He asked I gave him an 'Are you serious' look and he nods.
I shake my head, "Go ask mom, I'm not your bank, she is." I said, "She told me to ask you." he said the guys start to laugh. "Mom!" I groan sliding off the couch lazily, "Please he won't leave me alone." she begged walking out the bathroom.
"He's your child." I said, "He's your brother." she said, "You gave birth to him." I said, she started coming closer and I got up hiding behind Cameron. "I love you mooom!" I smile she smiles back and laughs walking away.
I sat on the floor I don't know why, "Why-" Cameron asked, "Don't asked." I said holding my hand up, he kisses it and I try to pull my hand away but he holds onto it.
"Ewwww mom get you son off of me!" I groan he falls on me and I groan louder, I felt his tongue lick my hand and I scream starting to laugh his other hand starts to pinch my sides tickling me. I start to kick and scream moving around on the floor, "C-AME-RON S-TOP!" I laugh and felt the urge to throw up so I slapped him quickly getting up running to the trash can in the kitchen.
"Ewww!" I yell, I soon stop and rinse my mouth out brushing my teeth and brush my tongue, Cameron went back to kissing my hand and I felt really grossed out so I bit his cheek. "Ow okay!" He yelled, "My belly feels upset because of you." I chuckled getting up to wash my hand.
I used a lot of soap and I finished so I dried it and went back. Hayes started to rub my stomach when I sat on him, I leaned my head on his shoulder and he looked at me, I kissed him.
He walked into the kitchen and then came out with a water bottle I was talking to Hayes, I hear them whisper watch this. Cameron throws the water bottle and I caught it still talking to Hayes.
"OOOOH!" The guys yelled in unison, I turn my head laughing opening it, I took a sip and soon spit it out. "Ew what did you put in this?" I asked, "Pickle juice." he said, I hated pickles so I started to gag again getting that feeling I pushed past him and threw up again.
"Hun what's wrong?" Mom walks into the kitchen patting my back, "Cameron." I say then throw up again, "Ewww fu*k you Cameron!" I yell mom laughs and holds her hand up I give her a high-five and stop puking.
I rinsed my mouth out again brushing it, I throw the water bottle at him. He acts like he was gonna throw it at me so I flinch and smack Hayes in the face. "Oh my gosh I'm sorry." I said turning around, he looks hurt and I look at the red mark and I rub it.
"Cameron you are so mean!" I turn to look at him, "It's your fault." He laughed, "Shut up I know it is." I said, I turned back to Hayes he's looking at me, "My poor baby." I say I kiss his cheek and he smiles.
I walk upstairs quickly putting on my vanilla eos, I smelt really good. I walked back down stairs with my phone charger and charge it. I kiss Hayes's lips and he pulls away, "You're lips smell like vanilla." he chuckled, "I know it's my lip balm." I said, He hugged me tightly and I kissed his cheek again.
"And yet you don't throw up." Cameron said to Hayes, "Cameron, I'm not stupid enough to not brush my teeth and rinse my mouth out." I said he looked down, "Oh never mind." he said I laughed along with the guys.
"You guys ready?" Mom asked us, "Yes!" They all said, "I'm not the one who takes the longest Cameron." I told him, mom smacked my mouth, I slipped into Hayes's arms, "Hehe hey didn't see you there." I chuckled, he laughed and stood me up.