
I heard a loud thud in the bathroom, "Keegan?" Cameron yells I mentally fall onto the floor and kick my leg up, I go upstairs, "Yes?" I cover my eyes, "I'm done." he said, I looked for the shower thing and shut it off.
I hand him his towel looking away, "Shirt?" He said, he dropped the towel, and I quickly looked away, "I'm in my boxers Keegan." he chuckled, I looked back and laughed. I slid his shirt on and took off the plastic rap.
He put on his shorts and I helped him walk downstairs, "What else do you need?" I ask him, a blanket, Taylor throws me the blanket as I caught it I spread it out and it landed on Cameron.
I sit next to Sammy and he wraps his arms around me. I look at Cameron and his eyes are watering. "Let's go talk." I mouthed to him he nods, I get up. "I'll be back." I told Sammy he nodded I walked into the office room with him.
"What's wrong?" I ask him, "I just miss my little sister, I realized how bad I treated you when I hurt you." he said, my eyes water and I hug him tightly, "I'm so sorry." he starts to sob, "Shh shh, it's okay Cameron." I said, "No it isn't okay, Keegan, I've never been that way with Sierra. I didn't think this would happen with us." he said.
"Cameron how long have you held this in you?" I ask, "Two weeks." he said, "Cameron, just cry it out." I told him, he wraps his arms around me, I call Sierra.
"What?" She asks madly, "Can you come over?" I asked her, "No bit*h I don't care about you." she told me, I hang up the phone and I let my tears go. Someone knocks on the door I pull away from Cameron's hug, I open the front door to see Sierra.
I roll my eyes slamming it in her face, "Keegan?" She starts to cry, "Oh remember I don't care about you, I'm starting to hate you." I said, "Keegan I'm sorry." she said, I opened the door, "Stop." I say, "Stop saying sorry, you soon regret it once I say I hate you, the only reason you do that is because you've never had any hatred towards you, I have I'm used to it." I said, she sighs getting into her car.
I see dads car pull up, "Cameron lock that door." I said I started locking the window, I locked this door I locked every upstair window, and the window in the kitchen.
"Open the door." dad said, I call the cops. After him banging on the door for so long, the cops come and they put him in the car, I unlock the door and they start to talk to me.
-------
"One heck of a night." I said laying on Sammy, "Yeah." he said, Jake came downstairs with my T-shirt, he jumped on the couch and laid down with it on me, "Where did you get this from?" I ask him, he whimpers and I rub his head as he crawls up my chest.
He stops and lays on my boobs, "Do not get your slob on my boobs." I say to him earning chuckles from everyone, Sammy kisses my and I smile into the kiss.
I hear little snores from the couch, I look at Cameron who was fast asleep. I chuckle, Sammy and I walk into my room, I held Jake who was asleep in my arms.
I wrap my t-shirt around him and put him in his bed. Sammy slides under the covers and I do too, I lay my head, on his chest. "Uh, Keegan can I talk to you?" Riley asks, I unwrap myself from Sammy and walk out closing my door.
"Keegan, I'm sorry for everything I did to you, I'm so sorry, I broke up with Tanner he cheated on me too, so Hayes and I thought we could fake date to make him jealous because I still have feelings for Tanner, but Hayes told me when we kissed he started to have feelings for me." well that hurt.
"Um, Yeah, it's, it's okay." I said looking down, "Are we sisters again?" She asked, "Forever and always." I hug her she starts crying, "I missed you so much." she said, "Me too, I don't know what came over me." I told her she nodded, "Same." I said. she chuckled.