
Keegan's POV
6:00am
I wake up to my phone calling and I see Riley's name pop up, I quickly answer. "Hello?" I say sitting up in the darkness. "Keegan, don't freak up but I didn't die, I'm in the casket and I can't breathe please hurry." she said.
I brush my teeth and put on a pair of sweatpants and a cropped sweater.
"Oh my gosh okay I'm coming." I quickly hang up, I put on my Nike free runs, and rush down stairs to see the boys looking at me. "Riley's alive help me." I said rushing out the door.
Cameron throws me his keys and I start the car, we pack the car with shoves. The rest of us fill in and Hayes holds my shaky hand. Cameron rushes to the grave yard and we find her grave and dig it up.
I open her casket and she takes in a huge gasp and I pull her up hugging her tightly. She tackles me to the ground and I laugh, "I missed you." she said, "I did too." I smiled, we stand up and Hayes hugs me as I cry happy tears.
Matthew looks at her and she runs up to him tightly. "I love you so much Ry." he said, "I love you too Matty pooh." she kisses his cheek, Hayes picked me up and got me into the car after we covered it back up.
I sit in Hayes's lap and Riley takes my spot, I noticed Cameron wasn't in the driver seat, I got out the car and look to see he was talking to Conner. I smile and hug him, "Love you Conner." we both said and we walked back to the car.
"Cameron can I drive?" I asked, "No!" Everyone yelled except Hayes he was just laughing, "Ok DA*N!" I said putting my hands up in surrender. "Go ahead but if you crash." he said, "Don't put words in my mouth." I said he sat in Nash's lap. I started to drive and we made it home safely.
"I just proved all you bit*hes wrong, except Hayes." I said, they laughed. "Let's go surprise your mom." I said to Riley, she nodded and Hayes,Riley, and I walked to her house. "Momma Espinosa?" I call, "In here." she called we walked in the dinning room.
"I have a surprise for you." I said Riley hid behind me, "What?" She asked I moved and Riley put her hands up, "MY BABY!" She yelled hugging her she started to cry and kiss her cheek, Hayes wrapped his arms around me and put his chin on my shoulder.
---------
After surprising people it was about 2:30 and we changed into our swimsuits. "Oh my gosh did you hear about Bruce being a transgender?" I ask her sitting on my towel in the back watching Hayes and Tanner play around.
I get caught up in the moment watching Hayes shake his hair, and flex his abs. "Keegan?" Riley snaps me out of my thoughts, "Yeah I'm listening." I said looking at her, "Well, honestly I would feel embarrassed because, if I were one of the Kardashians, and hearing people talk about it. Would really make me feel embarrassed." she said I nodded.
"So on vampire diaries who do you like the most?" She asked me, "Definitely Stefan Salvatore." I said she laughed, "What about you?" I asked he she smiled, "Damon Salvatore." she said, we laughed again.
My phone kept going off, I looked to see who it was it was and it was mom. "Hello mom." I said, "Hey sweet girl, I heard Riley's back is she with you?" She asked, "Hi second mommy!" She said mom screamed through the phone and I widen my eyes and Hayes laughs.
"Alright I'll see you tomorrow my job is taking off now." she said, "Okay love you." I said, "Love you too babe, bye." she said I hung up putting my phone on the table, and felt cold water being dumped on me. I looked at who it was and it was Cameron, he was in the floor dying.
I looked down, as Riley ties my bikini back, "That isn't funny Cameron." I chuckled about to start laughing, I looked at Hayes he was starting to stare so I walked close to him, "Hayes carry me." I said he snapped out of his thoughts and held me in his arms, "This water is cold." I shivered doing a little shimmy.