
Keegan's POV
Hayes and I were doing our homework in my bed, "Do you get this?" He asked me, I looked at his screen, I explained it to him and he understood it then. We finished our homework, "I'm gonna take a shower." I said, he pulled me in his lap.
"Hayes not now." I said, "You smell perfectly fine." he said, "You aren't gonna take a shower." he added smelling my arm, "Hayes!" I whined, "I'm taking you out." He said I rushed into my closet picking out a white v-neck, short overalls, and my floral high top vans. I took off my shirt walking out of my closet putting on a bandeau, Hayes was in the bathroom getting dressed.
I put on everything I was gonna wear and he came out when I walked out, I walked in the bathroom doing my hair. Hayes kissed me, "I want to curl it." Hayes said, I chuckled, "Don't hurt yourself babe." I said, he smiled in the mirror I handed him the wand curler and he did it perfectly.
"Okay- I think I just burned myself." Hayes said, I quickly turned around. He smiled and kissed me, "Just kidding." he said, I breathed out then kissed him again. "Are you ready?" He asked me, "I guess." I shrugged he wrapped his arm around my shoulder.
"Do you want to go to the movies too?" He asked, "I'll do anything with you today it's basically my only day off." I looked up, I grabbed my Hollister bag and put it on my back, I put two waters in it and while he was charging his phone I put his favorite candy in my bag.
I walked out he was on the phone with Nash, "That's amazing Nash, Keegan and I are going somewhere." he looked at me, I smiled at him and he hung up, "Nash got a girlfriend." he smiled back, "Aww!" I gush, Hayes grabbed my hand and we walked out.
I call Cameron telling him we were leaving the house, I left the key under the couch cushions as always. Hayes and I grabbed our penny board and we road to the ice cream parlor, "Aww!" The cashier comments on us, I blush and smile back.
"Could she have vanilla ice cream light on the sprinkles, and strawberries." he said, he remembered, "You remembered that?" I ask him he smiles, "He's a keeper." She whispered to me smiling, "Oh trust me I know." I smiled back at we laughed a little.
Hayes got the same but with strawberry ice cream, I kiss him as we sit down. "So you know magcon is coming up in a month or so, in San Diego right?" Hayes said, "Oh Cameron didn't tell me that." I said, "Well, don't say anything until he does." he said I nodded taking a bite of my ice cream, "Oh and I'd pack your bags at the end of this month." he added, "You must really want me to go." I smiled.
He nodded eating his ice cream, "Let's go to the movies." Hayes said as I finished my ice cream, "Okay what movie?" I asked, "Your choice." he said grabbing my hand, "Bye, have a nice day you too lovebirds." The cashier said smiling we smiled back and waved.
We got to the movies and I saw all the guys there in line, "Maybe we should wait till they leave." I told Hayes backing up against the side of the wall, "Yeah, okay." he said backing up, he kissed me and I smiled.
We looked and they were gone, we got in line and got tickets, for San Andreas. "I heard it has a lot of action in it." Hayes told me, "Oh wow, I like action movies." I said, "Me too." Hayes pulled me closer as a guy stared at me with his friends.
We got our spots and the guys were in front of us, so we went to the very top, I sat next to the stairs and Hayes was on the other side. I felt a hand on my thigh and I thought it was Hayes but it wasn't. I pushed his hand off and he repeated the process but put his hand higher.
"Hayes this guy keeps touching me." I whispered to Hayes, "Switch spots." he said, Hayes stood up and I went to his seat, the guy moved back down to his friends and I lifted the arm rest up I lay my head on his shoulder, he wrapped his arm around my waist.