
"My thighs hurt and my lower section." I said, "I know baby." Hayes said, they handed me Jason, he bit down drinking my breast milk.
Hayes took a picture of him, and tweeted look who's born.
We soon got situated and Hayes put Jason an outfit on and put him in the car seat. I put my sweatpants and underwear on then my tank top and they put me in a wheelchair.
We got home Hayes helped me out and got Jason inside, I laid down and fell asleep in bed with Hayes and the baby.
--------
"*gasped loudly*!" I quickly sit up and Hayes looks at me, "What's wrong?" Hayes asked, I look at my stomach and in the middle of us, "Oh my gosh I thought that was real." I said. Hayes looked at me confusedly, "I thought we had a child." I looked at him.
"What?" He asked, "Yeah, I mean I've been having those dreams ever since we got back together except the one about Riley dying and coming back to life." I told him, "Well it could mean you are ready to have a baby." mom said walking in, "Yeah." Hayes said, "W-What?" I asked her.
"Keegan, I want you to know, I did have dreams like that since I was fourteen too, I had to wait a couple of years with your Dad until we finally made the choice too." mom sat on my bed, I looked at Hayes and he nodded, "Good night." she said kissing both our foreheads and rubbing Jake.
I laid back down with Hayes and soon all the guys come in, "Its two thirty in the morning and you guys are up?" I asked them, "We aren't party poopers, like y'all." Cameron said, I rolled my eyes putting the pillow over my face.
I felt the blanket ripped off of me, "Have a nice view of my butt." I mumbled, "Put on shorts!" Cameron said, "No, it's hot." I said, "Keegan!" Cameron whined, "What do you want from me!" I whined back, "Shh, just go to sleep." Cameron put his finger on my lips.
I stood up, opening my door, "Exit, have you heard that?" I asked him Hayes laughed, "Out." I said, Cameron hugged me tightly, "Good night love you." he said kissing my forehead, "Love you too good night." I said hugging him back.
He soon walked out and I shut my door pulling my shirt off, "Its hot." I said, Hayes nodded, I kissed him then laid down, I cut my fan on and looked on my wall, "There is a spider on my wall." I hopped out of bed falling to the floor.
"Haha I'll kill it." Hayes said taking his shoe and squishing it, he cleaned it up and flushed it down the toilet. I laid back in bed and cuddled close towards Hayes, "Cameron still hasn't told me." I said laying on Hayes, "Yeah I figured." He said, "Maybe I should say something and say I found out from my fans." I said.
"True let's go." he said, I put on my shirt again and we walked downstairs, "Magcon?" I question him, his eyes were glued to Hayes he stood up walking towards him, I stood in front of him, "He had nothing to do with this." I said.
"You didn't tell me, that's what I'm mad about." I said to Cameron, "Okay, I was gonna tell you but I was gonna tell Nina." he said, "So you put her first before me?" I asked him, "Well..." he trailed off, I was mad as he// so I slapped him.
I stormed upstairs into moms room and laid with her for a little, "I'm mad at Cameron." I said, "Why?" She asks, "He put his girlfriend first before me, and didn't tell me about magcon." I said, "Wow." she said, "Yep don't say anything because I want to make him regret it." I said.
I walked out of her room taking off my shirt down the hallway and into my room then shutting the door. "Sorry he was gonna punch you." I told Hayes who was laying in bed, "Its okay." he said, I kissed him then laid on him, I rubbed his abs.