
I heard the door open, "Get off my girlfriend!" Hayes gripped them both, I held my neck. "Are you okay?" He asked me, I gasped slowly breathing in and out. He picked me up and carried me into the room, "I really have to pee!" I whined into Hayes's neck.
"What happened?" Sierra asked, "Hudson and Luke happened." I said they chuckled, Hayes sat down talking to me, "Thank you for today." He smiled moving my hair behind my ear, "Well I'm glad you liked it, there was more but you know Sierra went into labor." I said.
"Oh well you can show me at home." he smirked, "Oh, I might." I patted his cheek sitting up, we kissed. "Keegan?" I heard at the door, I see Hudson and Luke. "Why don't you just leave, you've done enough." I said holding the door open.
"Just hear me out." Luke said, "If you ever think about telling Hayes what I did to you, I will make you suffer the consequences." he whispered, I took a deep breathe and kneed him in the gut then closed the door pushing him to the floor.
I squatted next to his face, "If you ever threaten me again, you will suffer the consequences." I said faking a smile at him. "Ugh!" He groaned, I stood up being face to face with Hudson, "As for you, do you want to end up like your brother, if not I suggest you leave now." I said pointing to the door.
He helped Luke up and quickly left, I slowly turned around. "You have some nerve!" Justin said, "Aww thanks." I said to him and kissed Hayes, "Keegan tell me everything he did to you to make him like this." Justin said, I sighed pulling away.
"He had his brother strip me into my underwear and bra, cutting me everywhere, he told his brother I cheated when we dated back in Virginia, and he choked me outside like five minutes ago." I said, "No, what did he do to you in Virginia?" He asked.
I never wanted to speak of it again, "What is it Keegan, what's the big secret you've been keeping from your boyfriend?" He teased me, I got up from Hayes rushing to the bathroom. I just sat on the counter looking at my phone, I heard the door open, and I looked.
I swung my feet up on the sink and saw Hayes, "Babe?" Hayes called, I looked up into his eyes then looked down. "Just tell me what happened." He said he brought my legs down standing between my legs.
"He-He tried to touch me, and hurt me." I answer, "Baby, you are safe with me, I won't let anything happen to you." Hayes said, I give him a weak smile, "Okay." I say, he brings his lips to mine. He pulls me off of the counter into his arms, I hold onto his neck as he holds onto my leg.
"Uh-" a girl walks in, we quickly pull away, "Sorry." we both say, "It's fine." she said, we walked out I giggled a little and we made it to the room, "Oh did the little baby calm down?" Justin asked, "Three...Two...One." I counted and literally almost ran towards him but Hayes grabbed me.
"Stop." he said looking into my eyes, I sigh and take a breath in, "Are you okay now?" He asks, "I guess." I whisper, He hugs me and I leave my head on his chest.
"Justin just shut up and leave my sister alone she's tired of hearing you go on and on about Luke and his brother!" Sierra shouted at him, "Chill." Justin, I chuckled and Hayes picked me up sitting down in the chair.
I played in his hair, "Okay, Sierra its time." the nurse said.
-------
I was just now holding little Bailey in my arms, she slowly opened her eyes and smiled a little. I felt someone hug my sides, I looked to see Hayes, "Look at her little eyes." I smiled Hayes smiled and kissed my cheek.
"I could so see them getting married." Hailey said smiling at us, I gave her a weak smile. Bailey slowly closes and opens her eyes, smiling at me. "She looks like Ryan." I looked up she nodded and I handed her to Hayes.