
They never answered, just then I heard a huge crash. I looked closely it was Conner and Cameron. "Oh my gosh!" I scream, the driver gets away but I get a quick picture of the license plate.
"Conner wake up." I open the door, "Conner please." I begged, I looked at his chest and a sharp piece of glass went into his heart.
I heard a groan from Cameron, "*Cries* Cameron he's dead!" I cried mom soon came running, she broke down the minute she saw Conner.
I back away slowly, I start to run and run and run until I can't find myself anymore. I sob loudly, "Keegan!" Cameron said out of breath, "H-He's D-Dead Cameron!" I sob.
"Shh, it's gonna be okay I promise." he hugged me, I sobbed and they got quietly.
-----
"Keegan wake up." Cameron said, I gasped quickly sitting up. I looked for my phone, "Hey hey it's okay." Cameron said, I shook my head.
"I have to go." I said starting to cry, "No no. Stay here." he said, "No Cameron." I said, I slipped on my shoes wiping my tears away rushing downstairs, Cameron pulled my wrist, "Cameron stop!" I said grabbing everyone's attention.
I open the door and grab the keys, I quickly get in the car and drive to the bridge Conner died at. I look at the water moving then I see a necklace, I grab a huge stick and pull it out.
It said Conner Dallas & Keegan Dallas, I look next to me and see Cameron walking. "Hey." he said I start to cry, "I can't." I cried, "He wanted to give me this." I told him, I showed him the necklace, "Yeah, it took a few weeks to get that engraved in your name and his." he said.
"I-I'm gonna get some Starbucks." I told Cameron he nodded, "Do you want me to go with you?" He asked, "You can if you want." I said he nodded and got into his car, I did the same and drove to Starbucks with him following me.
We soon got there and I decided I would get the boys some too. I drove home along with Cameron. "Okay." I whisper looking at the door. I opened the door, "Early Christmas present." I said handing them their drinks.
I walked into the kitchen, I cleaned my necklace and left it so I could soak and get most of the dirt out. I sigh and rest my elbows on the counter with my forehead in my hands. "Hey you okay?" Riley asked, "Yeah-Um yeah I'm fine." I told her breathing in.
"You sure should I get Cam or Sam?" She asked chuckling, "No-No it's its fine I promise." I said, she nodded. I walked out the kitchen, "Keegan?" Cameron called, "How could you?" I asked him, "I'm sorry, I wanted to tell you but you would've never crossed that bridge." Cameron said.
"What's going on?" Mom came downstairs, "Oh I'm so sorry." she said. "Why would you guys think I can't handle anything about Conner?" I asked them, they were quiet until Cameron said something.
"You know why we kept it from you, was because we felt so bad how big of a mess you were Keegan, we did, I was tired of hearing you cry in the middle of the night. So until you got over it I wanted to tell you but I never did. I'm so sorry." he stood up with no emotion.
"Wow thanks Cameron and mom thank you so much, I love you guys so so so much how can I ever forgive you." I sarcastically said, "Keegan?" Mom called me as I walked past her, "Don't." I looked back, she sighed.
I laid in my room then Jake came in, I smiled a little then kissed his head as he laid down. Linsey walked in, "Hey, your mom left to talk to Liz apparently they are best friends now." she smiled.
"Why are you being so nice to me?" I asked standing up, "I feel bad, he probably didn't love you like he loved me." she teased, she soon walked out I started to cry. I wipe my tears away, I walk into someone and I see Hudson.