
Keegan's POV
"Cameron I'm going to Starbucks." I told him putting on my shoes. "Okay." he said, Hayes and I started talking again, we didn't talk about the kiss or our make out session yet I was really hoping to.
"Hayes are you coming with me?" I asked he shook his head, "No thanks." He said I nodded and walked outside, Riley was walking towards my house. "Uh-Hey." She said, I looked at her, "Hi." I said then walked past her.
"Keegan are you serious?" She asked, "What? The fact that my best friend, said she hates me, and that I care about myself only." I said to her, she looks down, "That's what I thought." I said quickly walk away to Starbucks.
"Whoops sorry." a cute guy says, I look up, "SAMMY!" I yell he looks at me and hugs me tightly picking me up. "Hey Keegan!" He smiles, "Should I feel weird that I thought you were cute." I said he smiles.
"What can I say I am cute." he said I chuckled, "Come with me, I'm alone." I said he nodded and grabbed my hand. I pulled him inside with me, I order and we talk...A lot.
"Sammy it's been so long." I smiled, he nods and I look into his eyes, I smile as he smiles back, "Uh hold on." I said as my phone rings, "What?" I ask Riley, "Hayes has a girlfriend now." She said I could feel her smirking, "Who?" I ask, "Me." she said.
I hang up, "My best friend stabbed me in my back, I stabbed myself in my stomach, I almost killed myself, Hayes and I didn't go so well, Couple weeks later he gets a girlfriend, the three following weeks, he dumps her and makes out with me then tells me he loves me. And now he is dating my ex best friend." I explain to him.
"Why would you try to kill yourself?" He asked me, "Everyone hated me, I called my dad and he told me he missed me but after I said I loved him he said he hated me, Cameron didn't care what I did, Matthew snapped at me, Hayes was acting all lovey dovey with his girlfriend, Nash was rolling his eyes." I said.
"So I told Cameron I loved him and stabbed myself in my stomach." I said he frowned, my drink came and Sammy sat next to me, "Don't do that to yourself babe." he said I blushed looking up at him then nodded.
"Well I have the whole day to myself...What do you wanna do?" I asked, "Have you met Jake?" I asked he squinted his eyebrows, "Nope let's go." I said standing up, we walked out the door and we walked back to my house.
He grabbed my hand, I smile. Don't get my wrong Sammy is only two years older than me, but it's a good two years. We have been best friends longer than Riley. "SAMMY!" Riley yells, "I know what you did to Keegan." He backed up, I closed the door behind me.
"Do you want the rest of this?" I asked Cameron he grabbed it saying thank you and I nodded, "Wanna watch a movie?" I ask Sammy, before we walk upstairs Riley says something.
"Oh wait we were just thinking about watching a movie do you want to join?" She asks, "No thanks we don't need to see you shove your tongue down each other's throat." I said Sammy chuckles.
We walk into my room, Jake starts to bark, "This is Jake." I said, he nods and pets him. I smile. I sit on the bed kicking off my shoes, Sammy does the same. Sammy turns my head, then kissed me, "I've been waiting to do that for a long time." he whispered, I chuckled then kissed him again.
"You know what I've been wanting to do?" I ask him, "What?" He asks, I grab a mirror and showed, Jake. He starts to bark and I start to laugh, "That's you Jake." I giggle he wags his tail and I put the mirror up.
I sit next to Sammy again the we kiss, "Aww look she found her own boyfriend Hayes." Riley said starting to make out with Hayes. "She wants to play hard to get...then I will too." I whisper to Sammy, I crawl over him I start to kiss him and he flips is over.