
Micka's POV
The game was good. I had 2 RBI's and 1 HR. I played good tonight. My family was proud because that was our last game of the season and I got MVP.
Lauren's POV
I want to take Micka on the Summer Reflection tour. I haven't spent much time with her because of softball practice but now I could get time to spend with her. I'm going to talk about it with my parents.I've already asked management and they said yes but I haven't asked the girls yet.
I run to the kitchen were my mom is at and I'll talk to her first because she is the most easiest person to convince.(Is it just me or are mom's more easy to convince?)"Hey mami you know I love you and canitakemickaontour?" My mom looks confused."Lauren slow down."I take a deep breath and ask her again."Um....ok but you have to ask papi but I'm cool with it." I ran to Micka's room to ask her if she even wanted to go on tour with the girls and I.
Her door is closed so I knocked on it."Come in." She yells. I open the door and go sit on her bed where she was on her phone."Hey Lo, Was up?" She says still looking at her phone."Do you want to come on tour with me?" I say and she puts her phone."Really?" She says looking shocked."Yea, but you still have to go to school.""I'm fine with that but have you told Papi yet?" She says and I chuckle a bit."No not yet.""Lauren Michelle Jauregui have you at least told the girls.""No." She sighs and looks at me straight in the eyes."Go tell them and then I'll say yes.Okay?" She says."Okay."
I texted the girls asking if they had time to Skype and they all said yes.We all got connected."Hey Lo was up." Dinah says and Mila blows me a kiss."Would you guys be cool if Micka came on tour with us?"Dinah says"Yes,yes,and dawg I say yes.""DJ, don't corrupt my sister if she comes."I say sternly.The girls laugh."Yes I am in."Mani says and Ally agrees."Camz babe are you okay with her coming?" I say."Yes." She says and smiles."Alright well I'm gonna tell her so, bye guys, love you.""Bye Lolo,Love you too."They all say.
I run into her room and yell "I got four yeses." "I know that's the reason you are in fifth harmony." She says."The girls said yes."She jumps out of bed and hugs me.We both hear the front door close and say exactly at the same time"Papi is home." We both run downstairs. Taylor is sitting on the couch and I can see Chris in the kitchen."Hey Papi can I talk to you and Mami." I say and Micka sits down. Chris leaves the kitchen and sits down to watch a movie with Taylor and Micka.