
Lauren's POV
Micka has kind of changed since I've been gone. She's taller and talks a lot more. I asked her if she has a boyfriend and she has dodged the question. She asked me the same and Camz and I are kind of a thing. I've told Chris and Taylor but not my parents or Micka. Micka is a camren shipper so this will be like a dream for her.
Micka's POV
Lauren asked me if I had a boyfriend and I do but Lauren is very protective and she would kill him, like literally. She knows him too. Which is pretty scary. She avoided the question if she had some special and I know camren is real, I just know it. Dinah says I ship camren harder than she does which is probably true.
We got the house and we started to eat dinner that my mom made." So Micka, How is Wyatt?" Taylor said as she smirked and I nearly chocked on my food. My parent and Chris giggled because that knew that I was dating him."He's good, Tay." I said and Lauren looks at me so confused."Why is she asking about Wyatt?" Lauren asked still looking confused."Because that's her boyfriend." Chris blurts out."What?!" Lauren yells."Umh...yes."I say and Lauren looks shocked." Micka, Why didn't you tell me?" She says with a pout."Because she knew you would kill him." Chris blurts out again."Christopher shut up!!" My mom and Taylor both yell.He looks down and laughs." Ok, Micka isn't the only one who has someone Lauren don't you have someone special." Taylor says and smirks again."Who, Lauren Michelle Jauregui, Who?!" my mom and dad both yell." I look over and see Lauren smiling at me." Camren is real!!" I say as I nearly jump out of my seat and hug Lauren.
After dinner I was super happy and I got a text from Wyatt. I was sitting next to Lauren in the living room on the couch.
W: Hey BaeM: Was up playa❤W: Nothing much wanna go on a date tomorrow?M: Yass but Lauren is in townW: She hasn't killed me yet so she doesn't knowM: She knows but she looks like she will kill you
You look up and look at Lauren who is giving dirty looks at Wyatt's Instagram pictures.
M: Yea definitelyW: Well ask your mom and we'll go out if she says yesM: Ok love you home boy❤W: Love you too boo and your emoji game be on fleek❤
I laugh and Lauren looks at me and grabs my phone."Oh my god Wyatt asked you on a date!!." She says and she squeals." I thought you were going to kill him." She looks at me and says "Water under the bridge."" Whateva." I say and walked to the kitchen and my mom was just like chillin in there with Tay. "Yo, Mom, Mami you know I love you and canIgooutwithWyatttomorrow." "Ok Micka a little slower." "Can I go out with Wyatt tomorrow?." I said as I gave her puppy eyes. "Mike and Lauren come here." She yells." Oh no." I mumble."Oh yes." Tay says laughing." Was up." My dad says as him and Lauren walk in and sit down. I jumped on to the counter and sighed.