
"Wake up Micheal, Micheal wake up" a sweet voice called out to me. I opened my eyes to see a beautiful girl standing in front of me with a confused face.she had long red curly hair, big beautiful green eyes and an elegant slim body. It took a while before I realised who she was it was the daughter of my personnal advisor Anna. I smiled at her letting her know that I was OK.      It has been 2 years since my father passed away and I have been ruling in his place.it has been hard ruling at such a young age. I always thought it was simple and wondered why my dad was always busy but I guess I was wrong.it is pretty hard to rule but i'll manage. I rule over a land called 'Manganostat', it was always peaceful and if I do say so myself, am doing a good job ruling it.       Ever since I turned eighteen a few days ago I started having strange dreams of a certain strange girl who I had no idea who she was. I always ignore these dreams and Never spoke of it to anyone. "I had the same dream again" I  thought to myself before being pulled out of my thoughts by Anna. She was the closest to me among all my subjects so she somewhat treats me casually and friendly but she knew her limits as well."you were moaning in your sleep are you alright?" She asked. I smiled and I nodded indicating that i am fine. "OK then......,get up its almost time for d moon festival" she said in a worried tone still not convinced with my answer.I stood up and started getting ready as she left my room.
In the festival........
I gave a traditional speech which lasted for about two hours straight but no one moved from their positions and they listened to every word I said.this was probably because I don't like being interrupted which they all know and I am very strict with punishments for disobedience. The fact that am young doesn't give them right to disobey or anger me. they follow my every word and do as they are told.     After my speech, I declared the start of the festival and people started moving about the festive area. people were having fun talking, laughing, eating, some looking at artifacts and some going on rides. I sat on my throne chair and watched the event go on. It was always boring for me but I couldn't protest. it was like a rule, a tradition that every ruler followed, to just sit on the throne and watch everyone else have fun.I wondered who started it in the first place and thought of killing him if he wasn't dead already.       Soon the festival came to an end and I returned to the palace working straight to my room when I saw a tender glow coming from a room with a black door, the door had a large skull on it with ruby eyes.I was curious about it and wanted to check it out,but I let my curiosity slide and went straight to bed rapping myself with my blanket and falling asleep. In my dreams I saw her again smiling at me like she usually does. "I need to know who she is" those were my thoughts before everything went black.