
Jessica's POV
Our adoption center looked more like a hotel. I hated it here, and I wanted to get out. I don't have any friends. All the other girls are real jerks, they tease me and bully me. Sometimes I wanna kill myself; don't worry I haven't tried. It was mid-day and I was staring outside when a nice vehicle pulled in-front the adoption center. Yes one of these brats are getting adopted. I got a call on my room phone from our front desk person.
"Hello Miss. Jenson," I said. This is how we are supposed to answer her.
"Hello Jessica, could you please meet Mrs. Kate in her office, she would like to speak with you," Miss. Jenson asked.
"Yes of course thank you Miss. Jenson," I said before hanging up. I wonder why I got called to the adoption signing office. I went to the office and knocked on the door.
"Come in Miss. West," I heard Mrs. Kate say. I opened the door and their sat five boys. I was gestured to sit in the empty chair. It took me a while to process that this was One Direction!!!!
"Gentlemen, this is Miss. West," Mrs. Kate said.
"West, Jessica West," I said. Mrs. Kate smiled.
"Jessica, these gentlemen would like to permanently adopt you," Mrs. Kate said.
"Seriously," I questioned.
"Yes," Harry the one with Curly hair said.
"Can I ask a question, why me," I asked.
"Jessica you don't ask that, just be happy they are adopting you," Mrs. Kate said.
"I want to know why, all the other girls here are much better than I am, they are prettier than me so why do you want to adopt me and not them," I said.
"Jessica, that's exactly why we are doing this, all the girls are probably going to be adapted soon, and when we saw you have been here for seven years, we really wanted to help you," Harry said.
"Ok, so when am I leaving," I asked.
"Well Jessica, your legal parent will be......Liam Payne so he has to sign the papers then your set to go," Mrs. Kate said.
"Cool," Is all I could say. Liam signed the papers.
"Well Jessica go quickly get your bags, and then your free to go," Mrs.Kate said. I ran out not even paying attention to the jerk faced beaches that gave me the disgusted look. I ran up the stairs and packed all my things which wasn't a lot. I grabbed my phone and charger that Mrs. Kate doesn't know about, I put all the way in the bottom just to be safe. I ran back downstairs where the lads were sitting and waiting. The beaches were fan-girling all over them.
"Ready to go Jessica Payne," Mrs. Kate said. I nodded and gave her a quick hug.
"Lets go Jessica," Liam said guiding me towards the door.
"Bye jerks," I said towards the girls and went outside and followed Harry and Louis into the vehicle. Everyone got in and then we started to pull away. I heard my phone start playing Rock Me by One Direction, Oops, that would be my boyfriend. I opened my bag and pulled my phone out and answered it.
"Hey Nick, what's up," I asked.
"Jess you know I love you right," He asked.
"Yes of course, why do you ask," I asked.
"Don't," Is all he said.
"Don't what," I asked.
"Don't love me, I hate myself, I-I  kissed Courtney and I love her, I want you to hate, to forget me, please," He said. I had tears form in my eyes and One Direction was staring at me.