
Lacey avoids Michael the next Monday morning they return to school. She knows he's watching her every move, and she knows he wants to say something, but she leaves before he gets the chance. She doesn't want to be around him anymore.
On the way out of school, Lacey bumps into Avery. She's sitting on the end of the school wall, blowing smoke into the air.
"Hey junkie," Lacey greets.
Avery rolls her eyes and hops down off the wall. "Piss off. So, has lover boy tried to talk to you?"
The two girls walk off the school property and down to the Elm tree. It was the place they could relax and have a smoke without anyone bothering them.
"Of course, but I have nothing to say to him. I said it all the other night. What else does he want from me?" Lacey groans, throwing her bag in the dirt. She plops down on the ground and lays her head on the empty schoolbag.
Avery sits beside her and crosses her feet. "What exactly did you tell him?"
"I told him how he fucking ruined my life and that apologizing means shit to me." Lacey says, growing aggravated. "Why can't he just let me live my life the way I fucking want to?"
Avery's quiet for a minute which is a rarity for her. "Because he cares about you."
Lacey slowly lifts her head. Her eyes widen in surprise. "You can't be serious right now. Do you hear yourself?"
Avery nods and leans forward. "Lace, think about it. Ever since he's come back, he's tried to get you to talk to him. He hasn't stopped."
For the first time since they've been friends, Lacey wanted to punch Avery straight across her face. "I can't believe you're actually taking his side on this. What the fuck is wrong with you?"
"I'm not picking sides, you dickhead. All I'm saying is the truth. That boy cares a shit ton about you. I mean come on let's get real, I'm a heartless bitch and even I can tell you mean something to him."
Lacey grabs her school bag and stands up. "You're unbelievable," she says, turning her back on her friend.
Avery sighs and buries her head in her hands. Sometimes Lacey could be so thick headed.
The eighteen year old lays her head against the tree and watches the students leave the campus. She eyes every one of them carefully, until eventually they land on two people in particular.
Melissa Pratt and her boyfriend Tom Stone were walking off campus screaming at each other. Avery stands up and narrows her eyes, watching their next moves.
"I didn't cheat on you, Tom!" Melissa yells.
Tom snaps, and his hand connects with Melissa's cheek. She stumbles a bit and he hits her again, causing Avery to sprint over and tackle Tom to the ground.
"Don't ever put your hands on her!" She screams in his face.
"Get the fuck off me, you freak!" Tom wails, hitting her face and clutching a fist of Avery's dark hair. He throws her on the ground beside him and manages to get up himself. Tom walks straight over to Melissa again, but before he can lay a finger on her, Avery socks him across his jaw. He falls again and grabs his face.
Avery bends down to him and takes his face in her hand. "Maybe that'll teach you to never hit your fucking girlfriend. She's too good for you anyway. Now get the fuck off my campus."
Tom scrambles to his feet and staggers away from the school, leaving Lacey and Melissa there with a bloody lip and black eye.