
"We have been Five Seconds of Summer and we want to thank you guys for this incredible experience." Luke grins proudly. His blue eyes sparkle as he watches his bandmates. They were all looking out into the crowd with proud smiles stretching across their faces.
"We also want to thank the lads of One Direction for giving us this insane opportunity. We'd be nowhere without them and you guys." says Calum.
"And we just want you to know how amazing each and every one of you are. You truly are the reason we've come this far and we're so grateful you've accepted us and our music. We love you all!" Michael screeches.
The four boys take their final bow before hurrying backstage to envelope the members of One Direction in a nine man group hug.
"We're so proud of you, lads," Louis gushes, ruffling Michael's black hair.
"Just remember if you need anything, we're a phone call away." reminds Zayn, slapping Ashton on the back.
"And we know you have to get going so have a safe flight and enjoy yourselves!" Niall exclaims, bro hugging Luke and Calum for the last time.
"Thanks for everything, guys! We owe you one." Michael yelps as Calum grabs his wrist.
The boys' flight leaves at 9:00 sharp, and with it already being 8:35, Luke was certain they'd miss the plane.
"We still have to go through security and everything, fuck," he grumbles, hopping into his bed on the tour bus. "They should have given us a later flight."
"Will you relax?" Ashton lifts his chin to look at the rambling blonde. "We'll be fine. Look, we're all tired and eager to get home. Our bags are all packed so that's taken care of. Our shit is being flown home tomorrow, and our crew has that under control. No need to worry."
The bus comes to an abrupt stop. The tires screech, causing Calum to wrinkle his face. He opens the window shade and his eyes light up at the sight of the Milwaukee National Airport. "Guys, let's go, we're here!"
One by one, the boys grab their bags and sprint off toward the airport entrance. After their bags were weighed in, they took off for the security check. Once they were cleared of not being terrorists with bombs, the four Aussies sprinted toward Gate 86, which was just finishing up boarding.
"Wait, lady, wait, don't close the door!" Luke yells, waving his passport in her face.
She gives him a look before scanning his passport, allowing him entrance to the plane. Ashton and Calum quickly give her theirs, but Michael continues searching around for his. "Uhh...guys..."
"Please, Michael, please don't say you've lost it." Calum begs, covering his eyes with his hand. "Perfect timing dude, really."
"Wait, my wallet!" Michael remembers, pulling it out. He struggles to open it, causing a bunch of pictures and crumbled up papers to fall out, one being his passport. Luke helps Michael clean up his belongings before handing over his practically torn ticket for the plane.
"Thanks so much, lady. You rock!" Ashton grins before they all take off down the hall to the plane. There were plenty of seats available, so the boys chose four empty seats in the very back.
"Jesus, Michael, you gave me a heart attack back there," Luke huffs. He plops down in the window seat and hands over some of the things that had escaped Michael's wallet.
He takes them gratefully and places them back into the appropriate pockets of the wallet. Michael reaches the last picture and freezes. "What the fuck..."
Luke stops unraveling his headphones and looks at the picture in Michael's hand. "It's just a picture, dude. What's wrong?"