
Lacey sits under an Elm tree and takes long drags of the cancer stick held firmly between her two fingers. It was only ten in the morning and Lacey is working on her third cigarette. As she smokes, she watches a group of girls make their way toward the main entrance of Griffith University. They seem almost eager to start the school day. What a bunch of losers, she thinks.
A stick cracks next to her, and her head snaps up immediately. Lacey rolls her chocolate brown eyes in frustration as one of her pals, Julie Foster, makes her way over to the tree. The brunette takes a seat on the soft grass next to Lacey but doesn't say a word. It's probably a good thing she doesn't. Lacey really isn't in the mood to talk to anyone, her best friend included.
Lacey throws the cigarette on the ground and stomps on it with the top of her black combat boot, crushing it into the earth. Julie takes the opportunity to speak up.
"You're quiet." She points out.
Lacey huffs, pushing a strand of jet black hair behind her ear. "I'm always quiet. It's nothing new."
Julie sighs. "What are you thinking about?"
"Why does it matter?" Lacey answers harshly. She leans her back against the tree and closes her eyes, letting the soft breeze cool down her hot, raging body. "Nothing ever matters."
Another silence fills the air before Julie cautiously opens her mouth to speak. "You were thinking about your family."
"No I wasn't. Why would I ever want to think-..."
"Lacey, you were caught. Give it up." Julie replies, leaning against the tree as well. "You don't have to put on this I-hate-the-world-and-everyone-in-it attitude. I see right through your bad girl persona."
"It's not a persona, it's genuinely how I feel," She snickers, pulling up a handful of grass. A few passerby's watch them curiously. Lacey shoots them an irritated look before they scamper off into the school building.
"You know you can always tell me when something's bothering you, right? We've been through this before."
"If we've been through this before then why do you insist on pestering me about opening up?" Lacey shoots back, throwing the pieces of grass. "It's not who I am and you out of all people should know that. I don't trust anyone. Trusting leads to opening up and talking about your feelings which then leads to heartbreak. In fact, everything leads to heartbreak. Honestly, what type of parents abandon their own-..."
"So you were thinking about your family then." Julie smiles.
Lacey rolls her eyes and stands up off the grass, brushing the dirt from her jeans. "It's whatever. Fuck 'em. I don't need anyone."
Julie hugs her knees and looks up at her friend. "We all need someone, Lace. You included."
"Yeah well, no one seems to need me, Juls. That's always how it's been." She digs into her back pocket and pulls out a cigarette. "Want one?"
Julie eyes the cigarette, and then shakes her head. "I quit remember? And you shouldn't be smoking either. S'not good for you."
Lacey chuckles and lights the cigarette. "Jul, there's a lot of things I probably shouldn't be doing. But here's the catch: I don't fucking care."
"I can't believe tonight's the last show we'll be playing," Ashton breathes, twirling a drumstick in between his fingers. "Two and a half years spent on two tours. It's surreal."
"It kind of sucks too," Calum chimes in. "You know, since we've grown so close to you lads. I'm definitely gonna miss it."