
"Mom was telling me about this school she wants to enroll me in," Calum speaks on the other line. "Some school for rejected kids. She already talked to the dean, said I'd be able to start tomorrow."
"I think our parents were talking since my mom said the same thing to me after dinner." Michael says, glancing up at his ceiling. "Called Griffith University or something."
The boys had called each other as soon as supper ended. They talked about the tour, songs they were working on for the album, sports, and school until Calum brought up a subject Michael didn't want to talk about.
"So, how's Lacey doing?"
The mention of her name caused knots to form in Michael's stomach. At dinner, he had asked his mom a bunch of questions, but unfortunately she didn't have any answers for him. All he knows is that Lacey left without a trace.
The thought of her being alone in the open causes shivers to tickle his spine. Anything could happen to her. She could get raped. She could have encountered drugs. She could have died for all he knew. He needed to find her, somehow, someway. He wouldn't give up. After all, Lacey's his best friend.
"Cal, she um," Michael clucked his tongue, trying to pull out the right words. "Lacey's gone."
"Gone?" Calum repeats, confusion evident in his thick voice. "What do you mean gone?"
Michael huffs sadly. "Gone as in she ran away. Two fucking years ago. My parents have no idea where she went."
The other end is silent for a minute. Then, Calum sighs. "Bro, I'm sorry. That's...that's gotta be rough. I hope she's okay."
"Yeah," Michael sighs shortly. "Me too."
The next morning, Michael checks his outfit in the mirror before tousling his hair. Today he's starting his first day at Griffith University, and the thought of school actually made Michael want to puke. He dropped out of school for a reason. He didn't want to have to spend numerous hours doing tedious work that probably would have no relevance to his life in the future.
"Mike, hurry up, you'll be late." His father calls.
Michael chuckles, making his way down the stairs. "Dad, Griffith is a school for delinquents. They probably have bigger problems than me being late."
His dad laughs and slaps him on the back. "You're an ass. Now get moving."
"Sir yes sir!" The nineteen year old salutes jokingly. He grabs his school bag, pecks his mom on the cheek, and heads outside into the hot Australia sun.
Ashton is already outside in his worn out pickup truck with Luke and Calum goofing off in the back seat. Michael rolls his eyes at his immature friends.
"So, you guys excited for school?" Luke asks in a high-pitched voice.
Ashton and Michael give one another a look before muttering, "Totally."
Michael was impressed by the condition of Griffith University. Seeing as it was an education facility for a bunch of rebellious young adults, he thought the school would have looked a lot more like a prison. He was proved wrong. The four boys stepped inside the corridors and glanced around. Everything about the school seemed to be in tip top shape. Lockers were polished, the walls lacked vandalism, and even the floor seemed to have a sparkle to it.
"Are we at the right place?" Calum asks. "This doesn't seem...right."
"I expected some graffiti on the walls, at least." Ashton shakes his head. "But this is...perfect."
"And that's where you're wrong, my friend," a female voice interrupts. The four boys turn around and are met with a short, black haired girl with a sleeve of tattoos on her right arm. "This is anything but perfect. Newcomers, I presume?"