
"Now, our school is a very small one." Says Miss Davis, the Admissions officer. "Michael, Calum, and Luke, you'll all be in the same classes, same track. Ashton, since you're twenty, you'll be in classes on the top floor with students your age. Here are your rosters, it shouldn't be confusing."
The boys take each of their rosters and scan them over before Miss Davis continues.
"I hope you find some sense of comfort in our school community. Enjoy your first day."
The boys walk into the hallway and stand together, looking at their rosters.
"These classes don't seem too bad," Luke says. "Except for Statistics."
"I have fucking Business Law," Ashton scoffs. "Yeah, Avery was right. This school is anything but perfect."
Luke, Calum, and Michael say goodbye to Ashton and walk down a flight of stairs. They look at each class, trying to find room 103.
"This is it," Calum points to the closed door on the right. He opens it and the three boys make their way inside. They're greeted with about nine students and a man with glasses.
"Good morning, boys. You must be new." Says the man.
"Yeah. I'm Calum, and this is Michael and Luke."
"Nice to meet you. I'm Mr. Smith. Welcome to History class. Take a seat anywhere you'd like."
The boys find three empty seats in the middle of the fourth row and sit down. They watch Mr. Smith hand out a large packet.
"So, today, you're all going to hate me because I'm giving you a ten page packet on the Renaissance. Go ahead and groan out in annoyance and tell me how much I suck." Mr. Smith chuckles.
Everyone in the class groans, and even a boy pipes up, "You fucking suck, dude."
"Thank you, Tyler." Mr. Smith says, monotone. He passes back three packets for Calum, Luke, and Michael before dropping the extras on his desk. "Alrighty then. Who can actually tell me what the Renaissance is?"
"The word literally means 'rebirth.' The Renaissance started in Italy and eventually spread to the rest of Europe. It was a rebirth of literature, education, and art. The Renaissance was particularly an intellectual movement." Says a voice.
Everyone turns their heads and sees a small, light brown haired girl standing in the door.
Mr. Smith grins. "Excellent work, Julie." He hands her the paper. The girl takes a seat in the middle of the second row. "Now, before I continue on with my lesson, I just have to ask you a question, Miss Foster. Is your friend coming to class today?"
"I have a name you know."
Michael turns his head toward the door, and his breath catches in his throat. A girl with black hair strides in with a smirk on her face and a cigarette in her hand.
"Lacey, you've decided not to skip today?" Mr. Smith asks sarcastically, handing her the paper. "Wonderful. Take a seat."
Calum and Luke turn around in their seats and whisper, "That's her."
Michael's heart races as Lacey takes a seat next to him. Could it be her?
"Lacey?" Michael murmurs, tapping her on the shoulder.
She whips her head around, and Michael can see her muscles tense. Her brown eyes widen in what looks like a mixture of shock, sadness, and hatred.
"Is that really you?" He asks, a small smiling forming.