
Lacey's chest heaves. He'd found her. "Get off me, Michael. Now."
"Not until you tell me what the fuck is going on." Michael says, tightening his grip on her arms. "What happened to you, Lacey?"
"Get off her," Avery spits, still struggling to break free from Calum. "Leave her alone."
"Not until one of you tells me what's-..."
"It's none of your business!" Lacey yelps, finding enough strength in her bones to heave Michael's large body off her. She stands up abruptly and grabs the Fireball from the street. She turns to Calum. "Let her go before I bash your head in with this bottle."
Instantly, Avery is freed. The two girls look at the four boys. "Never lay your hands on us again." Avery says, directing her comment toward Michael and Calum.
"You robbed a store," Ashton says, eyes popping. "What were we supposed to do?"
"Nothing," Lacey says, shaking her head. "You weren't supposed to do anything. Now fuck off and get off our territory."
"Your territory?" Luke emphasizes. "What are you? Some type of gang?"
The girls' smirks answer Luke's question.
"Oh, Lacey," Michael says, stepping forward. His face falls. "What happened to you?"
"Stop. Talking." She commands, taking a step back. "I have nothing to say to you." And with that, Lacey and Avery sprint off into the night.
"She's in a gang, mom," Michael says, pulling on his hair. "A fucking gang. You should see her! She has a sleeve and she smokes a pack of cigarettes a day! And to make it even better, she robbed a store last night!"
It was the next day, early morning around 7:30 and for the past half hour, Michael had ranted to his mom.
"I don't understand why she would completely throw her life away." says Karen, giving her son a sad look.
Michael chews on his lip before grabbing his bag. "I need to talk to her." He says before slamming the door shut.
Like the previous day, Ashton was waiting for Michael along with Luke and Calum. But this time, when Michael stepped into the car, he stayed silent the whole ride to school.
Michael eagerly scans the hallway as he walks, eyes widening when he spots just who he was looking for. "You," he says, grabbing Avery's shoulder. "Need to tell me what's going on. Right now."
Avery bends down the retrieve a book from her beat up locker. "Is that a command?" She smirks.
"Look, I'm not fucking around, alright?" Michael says through his teeth. "Just tell me what the fuck happened to Lacey."
Avery groans, annoyed, and slams the locker shut. She raises a brow at Michael. "If you really wanna know, ask Julie Foster. That's the only person Lacey confides in."
In class, Michael anxiously sits at his desk and stares at the door, awaiting Lacey's arrival. Julie walks in, and Michael's heart thumps. Mr. Smith says something to her and she shakes her head and replies, "I'm sorry, sir. But Lacey won't be coming to school for the rest of the week."
Michael's shoulders slump in his chair. He couldn't catch a break.
"How typical of her," Mr. Smith says. "She shows up for one day and then decides to go M.I.A."
Julie takes a seat at her desk and glares right at Michael before averting her attention toward the board.
Michael grunts and faces the board as well, groaning under his breath when he sees the words Elizabethan Era written sloppily on the chalkboard. He could already tell this was going to be a very long day.