
A/N: Hola chicas/chicos! Right now I'm in the beautiful city of Madrid and it's currently 11:49 at night. I'm gonna try to update sometimes during the trip!! Continue reading and sharing my story! Gracias!
"You kissed her?" Ashton asks, putting down his soda cup. The four boys decided to go out for lunch since it was the first Saturday since the tour that nothing was planned. "And she didn't punch you?"
Michael and Calum chuckle at Luke who rolls his eyes. "I'm telling you, Julie's different. She doesn't belong in a gang. She's too...good for them. We talked for hours and then I kind of just went for it. And she loved it." He concludes with a cocky grin.
"You know, out of the three of them, I figured Julie would be the nicer one." Calum says, ripping apart his napkin.
"There's not just three of them," explains Luke. "There's a total of six. Lacey, Julie, Avery, Jane, Gem, and Jessie. According to Julie, Jessie is the ringleader."
"How come we've never seen her then?" Michael asks, leaning back in his chair.
Luke shrugs. "Because she's Ashton's age."
Ashton furrows his eyebrows. "I don't recall having a Jessie in any of my classes."
"Either way, every girl in that gang had something go wrong in their life. That's why they're all together." Luke finishes.
"Well what happened to Julie?" Calum asks, leaning on his elbows. "And Avery? I'd like to know what happened to her that made her such a hardass."
The three boys avert their focus on Luke. He sits quietly, a brooding look appearing on his face. "Um, I don't think I should share that."
"Well did she say what happened to any of them?" Michael presses, raising his eyebrows.
"Nope. It's none of our business anyway." Luke says finally.
"It is my business," Michael spits, pushing his chair out. "When my best friend decides one day to join a gang and never talk to me again, it does become your business."
Michael shoves his fists deep into his pockets and walks along the street, looking for any sign that Lacey could be close to him. Each time she blew him off, he grew more and more determined to find her.
As he continues walking, Michael tries to think of what could have happened to Lacey that caused such a drastic change in her looks and personality. He knows she was left behind by her shit family, but that was when she was ten. Nothing else happened to her. She was with him for five years until he left for the first tour.
Michael's head begins to pound as he rounds the corner of Hartell road. He just wanted to talk for crying out loud. Why did Lacey have to make this situation difficult?
He strides past an alleyway and begins to cross the street when giggling from the alley stops him. Michael turns around and heads down the alley, and his faces fumes at the sight.
"What the fuck are you doing?" Michael says.
The three girls, one which happens to be Lacey, look up at him. They squint.
"We're just having some fun," the one girl replies innocent. "And who are you?"
"I'm Michael." He says, gritting his teeth. Michael takes a look at Lacey's state and growls, "What did you do to her?"
"It's none of his business, Jane." says Lacey, glancing up at Michael throw her eyelashes. "Get out of here and just leave me the fuck alone. It's really not that hard."
Growing more outraged by the second, Michael grabs Lacey's arm and pulls her to a standing position. He immediately notices that her eyes are glazed over.