
Luke grins and cocks his head. "It looks like you've been here for a while. What have you been thinking about?"
A frown appears on Julie's face and she begins playing with her fingers. "I wish I could go back in time and change things. Then I wouldn't be stuck with this shitty life."
"What would you change?" Luke asks cautiously, not wanting to hit a touchy subject.
Julie sits silently and twiddles her thumbs. "Please, don't judge me when I tell you."
"I'd never." Luke responds, giving Julie an assuring smile.
She sucks in a breath and huffs out. "I was raped by my boyfriend's older brother three years ago."
Luke's eyes widen. Well, he surely didn't expect that. "That's terrible. I'm so sorry."
Julie buries her face in her hands. "I knew I shouldn't have gone to that party. I'm so dumb." She looks at Luke and when he nods for her to continue, she does. "I never liked the way Brett looked at me. Brendan was my boyfriend and Brett was 23 at the time. Every time I was around Brett I'd get this feeling like he was always watching me. And he was."
"Brendan threw a house party while his parents were out of town. Brett didn't care, he was the one that got us the alcohol. Around ten thirty I found Brendan and told him I didn't feel well and that I was just going to go home, and he let me. I was just about to step outside when I was pulled back into the house. Brett drug me up the steps, and I tried screaming for help, but everyone was too intoxicated to notice."
A single tear falls from Julie's eye, and her voice begins to shake near the end of the story. "He threw me on the bed and handcuffed me to the bed post so I couldn't move. I felt him take my pants off and I screamed again, but Brett just chuckled and said 'Scream all you want. They can't hear you.' And then he...he..." Sobs wracked through Julie's body, and on instinct Luke grabbed her and held her.
"It was horrible," she mumbled into Luke's white shirt. "I wanted my first time to be special, and Brett look that from me."
"Shhh," Luke cooes, rubbing her back softly. "Let it out, love." He sits quietly and let's Julie cry on his shoulder. He never would have guessed that something so horrible happened to her. Luke felt terrible.
Julie sniffs and wipes her tears away, grimacing at the smudged makeup on her hand. "I'm sorry you had to see that, Luke. I haven't cried like that in years."
"Don't apologize, Julie." Luke says, brushing a strand of brown hair from her face. He gives her a confronting smile. "It's what I'm here for."
Julie smiles genuinely and lays her head in the crook of Luke's neck. "One good thing came out of my rape, as weird as that sounds."
"And what's that?"
Julie sighs happily, curling up on the bench. "My daughter."
Luke freezes. "You...you were pregnant?"
She nods. "With Brett's child, yes. He doesn't know and I'm glad. I'll never let him near her."
Luke and Julie sit in a comfortable silence until Julie sits up quickly. She turns to Luke, eyes bright with excitement. "Would you like to meet her?"
"Your daughter?"
Julie nods. "That little girl never sleeps. I'm sure she's still awake with Grandma Foster. C'mon!" Julie yanks Luke off the bench and the two of them run hand in hand all the way back to Grandma's house.
asdfghjjklll idk about you guys but I absolutely love Julie and Luke. Anyway the ending made me laugh bc I think there's like a poem that has that in there. So uh yeah. Stay tuned for chapter 8!