
"I don't know who you are, but I'll tell you right now. Stop talking to me." Lacey shoots back, avoiding eye contact.
"But, I just want-..."
"I said stop talking to me!" She screeches and slams her fist on the desk. Lacey stands up and glares at Michael before storming out of the classroom.
Julie stands up as well, looking at the three boys in the fourth row. Her eyes land on Michael, and they widen. "No fucking way." She murmurs before running after her angry friend.
All the students look at one another, trying to figure out what just happened.
Michael looks to his friends and says "You know how Avery said we'd know when we saw her?"
Luke and Calum nod, knowing exactly what Michael would say next.
He sighs. "Well, that was her. I knew as soon as I saw her."
"So you really haven't done coke before?" Jane asks bewildered.
Julie shakes her head. "No, and I don't plan on it."
Jane, Julie, and Lacey walk down a dark alleyway. It's ten thirty, and Julie and Lacey are about to witness their first drug deal.
"Are you sure this is safe?" Julie asks nervously. "I have a bad feelings about this."
"Aw, put a sock in it Julie," Jane says. "I've done this since I was sixteen. I think I know what I'm doing."
A tall man with muscles the size of bowling balls steps out of nowhere, causing Julie to screech in fright. Lacey slaps her hand over Julie's mouth. "Would you just be quiet?" She hisses in her friend's ear.
Jane walks up to the man and kisses him hard on the lips before pulling back. "How much do I owe you?" She bats her eyelashes softly.
The man chuckles. "Don't worry, kitten. You already paid me last night." He adds with a wink.
Lacey grimaces. She has a feeling he didn't mean paid with money.
The man pulls out a small bag with a white powder inside. He hands Jane the bag and she slips a fifty dollar bill in his hand. They kiss briefly before Jane turns around motions for Julie and Lacey to follow.
"It's that easy?" Julie asks.
"It's that easy...when you're careful." Jane responds.
The trio makes their way to the back of Griffith University. Lacey spots Avery, Gem, and Jessie already sitting on the property.
"How much did you get?" Gem asks, eyeing up the coke bag. "That looks like it can last us a month."
Jane smirks, shaking the bag. "It can." Jane and Gem high five before Avery comes over to Lacey. "Yo, come with me."
Avery doesn't tell Lacey where they're going until they arrive in front of Ed's Winery. She gives Lacey a wicked grin before the two girls head inside. Even though they're both able to drink alcohol, what's the fun in just paying for it? Lacey and Avery live for adventure.
"Go get a bottle of vodka," Lacey instructs. "I'm getting Fireball."
The two girls split up in search of the alcohol. Lacey snickers once she spots the Fireball bottle. Instead of grabbing one, she grabs three bottles.
She goes back to the front of the store and stands close to the exit, glancing around for Avery.
"Excuse me, ma'am," says the clerk. "You have to pay for those."