
"What the fuck did you give her?" Michael yells.
Jane shrugs. "A little bit of coke, some meth, possibly PCP if I remember clearly."
Michael looks at Lacey, eyes ablaze, and then back to Jane. "Are you out of your fucking mind? You're gonna tur my best friend into a drug addict!"
Jane stands up and pushes Michael's shoulder. "She fucking did this to herself! I didn't make her take them, she chose to herself."
"Jane, that's enough. Calm down." says the third girl. She's a bit bulkier than the rest of the girls in the gang. Michael guesses she's the ringleader Luke mentioned earlier.
"You and I need to talk, and I'm not taking no for an answer." Michael says, dragging Lacey by the hand.
"Michael, stop. Stop pulling my arm." Lacey pleads.
They stop walking once they're a good twenty feet away from Jane and Jessie. He lets her go and crosses his arms. "Talk. Now."
"What do you want me to fucking say, Michael?" Lacey asks in an exasperated tone.
Michael throws his hands in the air. "How about you start off by telling me why the hell you're in a gang?"
Lacey shrugs and leans her back against the wall. "They're my friends."
"No, okay, they're not your friends. I'm your friend. Friends don't pressure you into doing drugs, Lacey! What the hell are you thinking?"
Lacey's face turns red. "I'm thinking that they're more of my friends then you ever were!"
The statement shuts Michael up completely. He stands there, shocked and hurt. "Lace, I'm your best friend." He says softly. "How could you say that to me?"
She shakes her head, chuckling darkly. "Best friends don't leave, Michael."
"I never left you."
"Bullshit, Michael! You left me for two fucking years!" Lacey bellows. Tears slip down her cheeks and Michael reaches to brush them away, only to have his hand slapped. "You knew how I was left behind by my parents. You promised you'd never leave, only to completely fuck that up."
"Lacey, I-..."
"Do you know how many times I cried myself to sleep?" Lacey cuts him off. "Do you know how many times I had nightmares of you never coming back? Fuck, Michael," her breath shakes, "Do you know how many times I tried killing myself because well, I thought you wouldn't remember me anyway?"
Michael stands there, a tear sliding down his own cheek. Lacey was breaking his heart with every word.
"You don't know what's it like," Lacey blubbers, wiping her eyes. "To be left alone by everyone you've ever loved. By everyone you've cared about."
"Lacey, please," Michael starts, only to be cut short again.
"I loved you, Michael," she says, more salty tears escaping her eyes. "I loved you with everything I had, and it wasn't much, but I did. I loved you from the day I met you until the day you left. You saved me," she pauses. "Only to completely break me in the end."
"Lacey, it wasn't like that, I swear," Michael pleads, cupping her face and brushing the tears from her eyes with his thumbs. "Please don't think I left you on purpose. You don't know how hard it was to leave you. You meant so much to me, babe, and you still do. I'm so sorry, Lace. I really am. But I can't watch you do this to yourself. You're so much better than this, baby girl."