
Yawning, Michael trudges through the airport sleepily, rolling his luggage alongside him. The flight back to Australia was long and the boys needed to catch up on some sleep.
"I'll see you all soon," Calum pouts, hugging his best friends before heading in a different direction. Michael watches sadly as his friend stalks away. The four boys had been together for the past two years straight without any separation. While being home gave Michael a sense of comfort, he'd sure as hell miss the company of his best friends.
"I can't wait to see Lauren and Harry." Ashton grins, fist bumping Michael and Luke before jogging away. "I'll probably see you guys tomorrow!" He calls back.
Michael bites the inside of his cheek and continues along, Luke at his heels. "Still thinking about her?"
Michael nods. "I can't wait to see her. I hope she hasn't changed too much."
The two boys head back outside to the parking lot where Luke's brother, Jack, was waiting to pick them up. At the sight of Jack, Luke dropped his bags and tackled his brother in a warm hug. "Holy fuck it's been too long." Jack mumbles into his brother's shoulder. They pull apart and Jack hugs Michael briefly before loading up the car. "How's it feel to be back?"
"It's a lot...hotter than I remember." Luke says, rolling down the window.
Michael drops his head in his hands and closes his eyes, falling asleep to the sound of Luke and Jack's voices.
"Michael, dude," Luke whispers, shaking his friend's shoulder. "You're home. Now get out of the car." He jokes.
Michael opens his eyes and squints as the sun blinds him. He rubs his eyes and looks out the window, his house being ten feet away.
He jumps out of the car and pulls his luggage from Jack's trunk eagerly. All he wanted to do was get inside to see his family. And her.
"Thanks for the ride, mate." Michael says, shaking Jack's hand. He looks at Luke and smirks. "I'll probably see your ass tomorrow."
Jack and Luke laugh before driving away down the street. Michael sighs happily and drags his bags up the steps. He takes a deep breath before rapping on the door.
His mom opens the door and almost breaks down at the sight of her nineteen year old son. She envelops him in a tight hug, burying her face in his shoulder. "Michael, it's been so long."
"I know, mom," he says, hugging her back. "Two years is a long time. But I'm home now and not leaving anytime soon."
"Here, lemme help you with those bags. Your father's working so he'll be home later tonight." They grab two bags each and carry them up to Michael's room. He laughs once he notices the room is exactly as how he left it when he was seventeen.
"I haven't touched anything," Karen admits shyly. "It all reminded me of you. I didn't wanna mess it up."
"Aw, mom." Michael coos, hugging Karen once more. "Everything about the house is the same except one thing. Where's Lacey?"
Karen's face falls and Michael immediately notices something's wrong. She sits on the edge of her son's bed and folds her hands in her lap. "She didn't tell you?"
Michael furrows his eyebrows. "The last time I talked to her was at the airport when I left. Didn't tell me what?"
Karen bites the corner of her lip, hesitating whether or not to tell her son.
"You wanna tell me what's going on?" Michael asks nervously. "You're scaring me. Where is she?"
Karen gulps and places a hand on her son's knee. A single tear slides down her cheek. "Oh, Michael, the thought of you leaving broke her. She ran away. She's gone. We haven't seen her since."
How will Michael react to the news?? Stay tuned lovelies. Thank you all for reading!