
Michael stares at the wallet sized picture. His chest rose and fell with every breath. It's a picture from a good five years ago when his hair was poker straight and blonde and he was wearing a white and green striped shirt with blue jeans. Sure, the sight of his pubescent self was horrific, but that isn't what startled him. What shocked Michael was the girl in the picture, standing right in front of him. His arms were wrapped around her neck and her hands were on his arms. Both of them were smiling directly at the camera. The young girl had dark brown hair, almost black, and had circular glasses placed on the bridge of her nose. She wore bright yellow shorts and a floral top to match. The sight made Michael's throat close up.
"What is it, mate?" Luke asks seriously, sitting up. He glances down at the small photo before locking eyes with Michael. "You look like you're gonna vomit. And if you are, at least have the decency to barf in the bag. S'what they're here for."
Michael closes his eyes and looks away. "Luke, this is a picture of me and...and Lacey."
"Lacey?" Luke scrunches his nose. "Lacey who?"
"Williams." Michael whispers.
Luke's eyes widen and he snatches the photo from Michael's hand, inspecting it closely. "No way in hell that's her. She had black hair."
"This picture was before you and the others met her," Michael sighs, threading a hand through his own black hair. "She was thirteen in that picture. I was fourteen. My mom must've taken this."
"Why in the world do you have it?" Luke questions, fiddling with the right ear bud of his headphones.
Michael shakes his head. "I guess I put it in my wallet before...before I left." He lets out a puff of air before screwing his eyes shut. Michael remembers exactly what went on that day.
*FLASHBACK*
"Mike! Lace! C'mere! I've bought a new camera and I want to try it out."
"Aw, mom, no pictures!" Michael whined, shooting Lacey an apologetic look.
"Just one for me! Please? It'll only take a second." Karen pressed, grabbing Michael and Lacey's arms. She drug them outside and told them to stand on the grass. Neither one of them looked thrilled. "Now c'mon, smile! Pretend you like each other."
Reluctantly, Michael wrapped his arms around his best friend's neck and set his chin atop her head. Yeah, Lacey was a short one.
The flash went off and Karen grinned. "It's perfect. I'll print it out and give you each a copy." Once Karen headed back inside the house, Michael jammed his hands in his pockets and turned to face Lacey. "I'm really sorry about her."
Lacey chuckled and pushed her glasses up further. "She's not all that bad. I mean, she's twenty times better than my mom." Lacey paused and looked at the ground sadly. Michael's heart broke at the sight of his new friend. He wanted to hug her and comfort her and tell her how incredible she was, but he'd only met her two months before. Wouldn't it be weird?
"I probably looked hideous in that picture." Lacey muttered, changing the topic.
"No way!" Michael said all too quickly. Lacey eyed him carefully. His cheeks warmed and turned bright pink. "What I meant to say was that you umm...you probably looked really pretty in the picture. B-Because you are...really...pretty."
Lacey's mouth formed a thin smile before she threw her arms around Michael's waist, pulling him in for the tightest hug he's ever had. "I've never been called pretty before. Thank you, Michael."