
(Hey Guys it Mia this is my second story and my other one was super bad so im starting over with a new one hope you like)
London's POV
I sit in my car, hoping to have a great fourth year of high school. I got out of my car and walk to my first class, Photography. I walk into the classroom, finding two more seats open. I sit in the desk on the right. The teacher walks into the class room and says, "Ok class, this is a new year, new class. And we have a new student coming in today!" . I see Mitch (Banjancanadian) walk in the class room. I just about screamed in my chair. I knew I was a YouTuber but I didn't know that I would meet another YouTuber.
He comes over to me and sits in the desk right next to me. I glance over at him and he gives me that doiknowyou look. I reach my hand towards him "Hi... My name is London... you probably know me from my channel, ArrivedAtLondon." I say, nervously "What if he thinks my YouTube name is dumb?!" I think. He looks over at me "OH that's where I recognize you from! I watch your videos all the time!" he says.
I see my best friend run in the classroom and her heart is beating out of her chest. She makes some dork get out of the seat for the desk right next to me. She is breathing hard. I scoot over to her a little. "Hey what's wrong Janiah" I whisper. She looks at me with that likebitchyoucanttell look I look at her "DAMN OK" I say under my breath. Nobody hears me. The bell rings and I walk out of class
(TIME SKIP Month after the first day)
London POV
I walk to Mitch's house with him and I walk inside his house, "Will your parents be ok with this, Mitch?" I say. "Oh yeah, my parents out of town for the week." Mitch Says. "Oh... My parents left me in charge of the house for a month." I say. We go to his couch and sit down. I look over to Mitch, "Mitch, what movie do you want to watch?" I say. As he looks over to me he pushes his lips against mine, I kiss him back . I can feel his tongue on the bottom of my lips. I back up and look at him "Wait why did you do that Mitchell?"
He looks at me and says " I have been waiting to do that since i knew we were in the same class I love London Jonson i have loved you for so long" . I Look at him "I love you to and i always will Mitchell Hughes" I say as i hug him "When I'm around you i just feel safe right now i feel safe in your arms" i say as i start to cry. He lifts my head up "no no don't cry it's ok I'm right here" he says. I get a text from Kat and I don't look at it I look I knew in my head that Mitch was more important at the time. Then i fall asleep in his arms
(time skip to the next day =3)
I wake up and texts my best friends Pairs, Kat, and Janiah. They end up coming fast. When they got to us i got up and acted like nothing happen. They all come in and they ask why i was spending the night at Mitch's house. They all new i had a BIG crush on Mitch. Mitch gets up and asks my and the girls to help him with the boxes because he was moving with the rest of Team Crafted. My brother Preston/PresonplayzMC (Hope i got his name right). And if he new my and mitch were dating he would almost kill him and brother is way to protective of me.I kiss Mitch good bye forgetting that the girls were there I thought that if I just tell Preston that I want to date Mitch he would understand
(That night my house ) Preston wasn't home yet so me and Mitch decided to wast have Carrie a scary movie. He tapped his lap when the movie was over I go on his lap tired around and we feel a sleep like that . I woke up on the couch hearing Preston congratulating Mitch on making a move on me a shoot up and Preston looks at me . I look at him with joy in my eyes I run to him and I let him carry me "ya your letting me date Mitch " I say as a fall out of his arms jumping up and down.
(Mitch's pov )I see London wake up and she heard our conversation I got embarrassI just stand there in shock. She starts jumping up in down like a little child she tackles me and starts hugging me over and over again. After that we went to the club and when we got there TC what there and Kat Paris London and Vanessa were there. Me and London went the bar and the bar tender was checking London out I got so pissed off you don't even know.