
Luke and Julie arrive at Grandma Foster's around eleven and let themselves in.
"Grandma?" Julie whispers, glancing around the room. "Boo?"
"In here, darling." An older voice says.
Like follows Julie into the kitchen when a middle aged woman is sitting at the table with a small child on her lap.
"Hi, Momma."
Luke watches as Julie's smile grows. She picks up the three year old and lightly kisses her cheek. "What are you still doing awake, pumpkin? It's way past your bedtime."
"Little rascal wanted to color." Grandma Foster laughs, placing the crayons back in the box. The older lady averts her attention toward Luke. "Juls, who's this young fellow?"
Luke shifts uncomfortably. "Hello, ma'am. I'm Luke. A friend of Julie's."
"Nice to meet you, Luke." Grandma Foster says, standing up from the table. "I'm going to bed, Juls. Goodnight everyone."
"Night, Grandma." Julie says, tapping Boo's nose. "And I think someone else should be going to bed as well."
"Momma, we always sleep together." Boo pouts, looking over at Luke. She buries her face in Julie's shoulder. "Is he going to sleep with us too?"
Luke and Julie's eyes widen. They look at each other before chuckling. "Luke is Momma's friend, Boo. You don't have to be shy."
The three year old picks her head up and looks at Luke warily. "You're really tall."
Luke laughs. "And you're very small, love."
Julie smiles again. "Alright, c'mon Boo. Let's get you to bed." She looks at Luke. "Follow me."
Together they head up the stairs quietly. Luke immediately notices the excessive amounts of pictures hanging on Julie's wall. While she puts Boo to bed, he takes a look at a few of them. They were mostly pictures of her, Avery, Lacey, and three other tattooed girls, but one picture caught his attention.
"Who's this?"
Julie walks over to Luke and takes a peek at the picture. "My family." Her voice seems annoyed.
She grabs Luke's hand and leads him into the hallway, gently shutting the door behind her. He follows her into another room, a guest room, and closes the door.
"My family disowned me after they found out I was pregnant." Julie says, flopping face first on the bed. "They said they didn't want to have to raise another child even though I told them numerous times I could raise my baby just fine."
"Did they know you were raped?" Luke asks, joining Julie on the bed.
She sits up and shakes her head, pulling off her boots. "No. They just thought Brendan and I were stupid. Honestly, they kicked me out before I had the chance to explain what happened."
Julie rummages through her closet and digs out two shirts and two sweatpants. She tosses an outfit to Luke who looks at them, confused. "What are these?"
Julie scrunches her face. "Do you normally sleep in a cutoff and skinny jeans?"
"Sleep?" Luke repeats.
Julie looks at Luke. "Yeah. You know this thing you do when you're tired..."
Luke remains silent.
Julie rolls her eyes. "Did you actually think I'd let you walk home alone? Just stay here. You'll be fine."
Hesitantly, Luke stands up. He didn't know whether to feel flattered or uncomfortable. "Um, alright, but don't look." He faces the opposite direction and begins peeling off his jeans.