
"What are you fellas gonna do when you return to Australia?" Liam asks, leaning against the doorframe of the tour bus.
"Well, Calum and I never finished high school," Michael says, shaking his head in the process. "I doubt we'd get into any college without a high school diploma."
"We'll probably just write more for our album," Luke says, scratching his beard. "Touring gives you a lot of inspiration."
"Well, whatever you decide to do, we wish you guys the best of luck." Niall grins, fist bumping Calum. "It's not like we'll never see you again. I'm suresomewhere down the road we'll tour in Australia."
"Uh, lads, we've gotta go. Showtime starts in five minutes." Harry announces, glancing at his watch.
"Let's do this!" Michael and Ashton yell before jumping out of the tour bus.
"Miss Williams, I'm so glad you could make it to class today." Mr. Smith folds his eyes and frowns as Lacey takes her usual seat in the middle of the third row. "You know better than to bring cigarettes into class."
Lacey takes in a puff and blows out small ringlets. She leans back in her seat and eyes her History teacher. "Doesn't mean I'll stop."
"Dude, just put out the cigarette." Julie hisses, giving her a look.
"Miss Williams," Mr. Smith grows frustrated. "I don't think you want another detention, do you? That would be the fourth time this week."
Lacey throws her head back and laughs. "I don't care, write me a slip. Sitting in detention with Mr. Matthers is more entertaining than sitting in this godforsaken classroom with a bunch of low-lifes."
"Says the one who smokes in class and probably shoots up every weekend," mutters Anthony Daniels.
Lacey stands up and grabs the blonde boy's shirt. "You wanna fucking run your mouth dickhead? I'll tell everyone how you had a threesome last week with your girlfriend and your sister."
"What the hell?"
"He...fucked his own sister?"
"Lacey! That is enough!" Mr. Smith's voice echoes throughout the hallway. He slams his hand down on the desk, snatches a pen, and furiously scribbles on a small blue paper. "Detention, now. Go."
Shrugging, Lacey grabs the detention slip and tears it in half, throwing the shreds behind her as she exits, but not without saying, "Oh, yeah, his sister gave him a blowjob, too."
"Ah, Lacey, I had a feeling I'd being seeing you today." Principal Matthers sighs and shakes his head. "Sit."
Grinning wickedly, Lacey takes a seat next to her pal, Avery Cook, who is usually always in detention as well. They exchange looks before Lacey's eyes wander to her friend's bleeding hand. "The fuck did you do?"
Avery flexes her bloody knuckles. "I sent Dana McGowan to the emergency room." She shrugs as if wasn't a big deal. "She saw my scars and thought it'd be funny to announce to the class that I'm an emo."
"What a cu-..."
"Do not finish that sentence, Miss Williams." Principal Matthers warns. He removes his glasses and pinches the bridge of his nose. "I will not tolerate foul language in my office."
"Well damn, sir, you know the truth. Are you gonna let Dana run her mouth about Avery being an emo? Because if you don't say something to her, then I will. Once she returns from the ER, I'll send her right back."
"Cool it, Lacey," says Matthers. "You're in enough trouble as it is. I need to figure out what I'm going to do with you two. And the rest of your little posse."