
At the end of the day, Michael and Luke spot Julie Foster walking down Long Street by herself. "Julie, wait up!"
She stops and turns around, biting her lip once she sees Michael and Luke jog toward her. "I need to talk to you." Michael says, catching his breath. When Julie doesn't speak up, Michael continues. "Look, I'm desperate. You and Avery are the only ones I've seen with Lacey. Avery wouldn't help me out because she told me to ask you. So, please, just tell me what happened to Lacey."
Julie crosses her arms and looks down, tapping the heel of her boot on the ground. "Alright listen, I don't know much because Lacey, as you probably know, is stubborn as hell. But I'm not the person you should talk to about this. All I'm saying is that Lacey's changed for the worst, even though she loves who she's become. She's an utter mess and I can't stand seeing her throw her life away."
"If I shouldn't talk to you then who should I talk to?!" Michael asks, exasperatedly.
"Her." Julie responds after a minute.
"Julie, she can't even look at me," Michael says sadly. "How am I supposed to get her to talk to me when she doesn't want to be around me?"
Julie shrugs. "Make her. She hates not being in control, so make her listen to you. And please," Julie begs, putting a hand on Michael's exposed shoulder. "Fix her. I've never seen someone as broken as Lacey. Fix what you did." She finishes before walking off.
"What I did?" Michael repeats, looking at Luke. "What the fuck is that supposed to mean?"
Luke shakes his head. "I don't know man, but whatever you did fucked her up."
Luke walks down a path leading to Morell park. It had been a rough day for him, running around town with Michael, trying to find Lacey. He felt bad for the poor kid. All he wanted to do was talk to her and she wouldn't give in.
As he walks deeper into the park, Luke recalls the first time he, Calum and Ashton met Lacey. They had walked over to Michael's house for 'Game Night Friday' and saw Lacey sitting on the couch with Michael, controllers already in their hands. The five of them had played three different games in just two hours, and in those two hours, the three boys fell in love with Lacey.
She was one of those girls that got along with boys and wanted to learn how to ride a skateboard. That was why they all got along so well. She could relate to them.
Luke continues walking until he spots another person sitting on a white bench. He squints and walks closer, chuckling when he notices who it is. "You know," Luke says, "you shouldn't be out here by yourself at this time of night."
Julie jumps and turns around, eyes wide. She takes a look at Luke and narrows her eyes. "You scared me."
He laughs. "May I sit?"
When Julie nods, Luke sits next to her and leans back against the bench. The two eighteen year olds sit quietly, enjoying the slight breeze the trees provide for them.
"What are you doing up so late?" Luke breaks the silence.
"I could ask you the same thing." Julie says, craning her neck to look at him.
"I've just been thinking that's all," Luke responds. "I always come here when my thoughts keep me up."
Julie cracks a smile. "I guess we're here for the same reason then."