
"Can you possibly walk any slower?" Julie groans. "I want to get home to my grandma's to see Boo."
"Of course I can walk slower." Lacey snickers, slowing down her pace.
Julie shoots her the finger which causes Lacey to laugh because well, that was really unlike Julie. She may have been apart of Dark Angels, but she certainly didn't fit in. Nevertheless, the Angels loved her the same.
The two girls made their way up four concrete steps before Julie tapped on the white door softly. Julie's grandmother, Grandma Foster, appeared at the door with a smile. "Ah my two granddaughters." She jokes, holding open the door. Julie gives her grandmother a kiss on the cheek whereas Lacey gives her a fist pound.
"Where's Boo?" asks Julie. She sets her book bag down on the floor and searches around for her missing daughter.
"She's in the kitchen eating. Little one decided she wanted to help Grandma Foster bake some cookies." The older lady chuckles, motioning for us to follow.
We spot Boo sitting peacefully at the table, chomping away on a chocolate chip cookie. She looks up and spots her mother, immediately hopping down from the chair and running into Julie's arms. "Momma, you're home!"
"Yeah, baby, I'm home now. Were you good for Grandma Foster?" Julie asks, eyeing her daughter suspense fully.
Boo giggles. "Yes, Momma. We baked cookies for you and Auntie Lacey." The three year old's eyes light up as she speaks.
Lacey takes a seat at the table and snags a cookie off the plate. "Hey, Squirt, if you don't finish your cookie, I'm afraid I'll have to finish it myself."
Boo teeters over and reaches on her tiptoes to grab her half eaten cookie. "Mine," she smiles playfully before walking out into the living room with Julie.
Grandma Foster pulls out a chair for herself. "How was school, kid? Any more detentions?"
Lacey nodded. "Of course. I've gotten one every day this week."
Grandma Foster rolls her eyes. "Lacey, you probably keep those teachers on their toes, believe it or not. You're probably the most entertainment Griffith University's had in a long time."
Lacey grins. "And I take pride in that."
The older lady stares at Lacey for a minute before changing the subject. "What do you want to do with your life, Lace? Honestly."
"Honestly," she huffed. "I haven't given it much thought. I kind of always knew I was doomed from the start so I've never thought about a future for me. Whatever happens, happens. I just roll with it."
"You were never doomed from the start, honey. You just need to recognize your interests." Grandma Foster says lightly.
"Nothing interests me," Lacey whispers. "Besides the rebel life, of course."
"Lace," Grandma Foster interjects. "There's so much more to life than what you think. Smoking and doing drugs and God knows what else you do, that's not life. You'll end up in a bad place."
"I already am in a bad place," Lace replies coldly.
"And you can get out of that bad place with some help, you know. All you have to do is let people-..."
"You don't understand," Lacey chuckles darkly. She shakes her head. "You don't understand what opening up and letting people in did to me. Everyone I loved left. Every single person."
"Julie's still here, isn't she?" Grandma points out slowly. "And so am I. And Jessie. And Gem. And Jane and Avery. We're all still here. And we're not going anywhere."