
Julie giggles and turns around, ridding herself of her clothes as well. "I should be saying that to you."
"So you're in a band?" Julie says after a while. The two had been lying in bed for over an hour, talking about the first thing that came to mind.
"Yeah. Michael's in it, and so is Calum and Ashton, but you haven't met them yet. They're cool dudes, I promise."
Julie turns on her side to face Luke. She reaches for his hand and starts tracing shapes on his fingers. "It's a shame I haven't heard of your band until now. What's the name again?"
"Five seconds of summer," Luke says proudly, scooting closer to Julie. "Ashton plays drums, Calum rocks the bass, Michael shreds the guitar, and I sing."
Julie's eyes widen. "You're a singer? Sing to me then."
"Can't," he says, tapping his throat. "My vocal chords are shot."
Julie makes a face and shoves Luke's shoulder. "Jerk." She giggles before cuddling into his chest.
Luke swallows and looks down at Julie. In only an hour, he had grown so fond of this girl. She was different, the complete opposite of what he had expected.
"You know," Julie says mid yawn, "I really misjudged you."
"That makes two of us." Luke responds, running his fingertips along her arm.
Julie shudders at his touch. "What do you mean?"
"I don't know, I guess I thought you'd be a little more...aggressive? You're not like Avery and Lacey, not at all. You're more sensitive and pleasing to be around."
A blush paints Julie's face, and even in the darkness of the room, Luke notices. "I kinda thought the same thing about you. When I saw you with Michael and your friends in History, I swore you guys looked like the biggest assholes. But I know better than to judge a book by its cover," Julie gazes up at Luke, dragging her finger along his jaw. "And I'm so glad I got to know you."
Luke's breath hitches in his throat. Never before had a girl made him feel the way Julie was making him feel in that moment. She was just so...perfect. It sounded cliche to him, but Luke couldn't think of a better word to describe her with.
He looks down at her face and smiles contently, reaching his hand up to stroke her cheek. Her eyes flutter shut and she leans her cheek deeper into his palm and Luke swears she's the most beautiful girl he's ever laid eyes on.
Her skin is a creamy color and it's always cold, giving Luke an excuse to hold her against him for warmth. Her hair is a mouse brown color that she hates with a passion, but Luke thinks she wouldn't look better with any other color. Julie's eyes are a steel blue color that Luke can't help but stare at. They're fierce and mesmerizing and they seem to glow whenever she's around Boo. Or Luke. And finally her lips. Her lips drive him absolutely mental. They're thin and red and already Luke has dreamed about kissing her and how soft they'd feel pressing against his neck and leaving a lipstick stain on his most sensitive skin. He was completely and utterly captivated by her.
"Wow," he breathes quietly, letting his finger trace the outline of her bottom lip.
Julie wakes, and Luke's gaze flickers from her mouth to her eyes, and she catches him so doing. "What was that for?"
"What was what for?"
Julie shakes her, chuckling. "It looked like you wanted to kiss me."