
Cheers erupt from out of nowhere and Lacey turns around. A crowd of students had formed and witnessed the whole scene.
She wipes her lip, smearing blood in the process, and walks over to Melissa who is still on the ground. She bends down to her height. "Are you okay?"
Melissa's eyes widen in fear as she realizes Avery is talking directly to her.
Avery notices her fright and chuckles, sticking out a hand. "You know, you don't have to be scared of me. I just saved your life."
Melissa shakes her head and grabs ahold of Avery's hand, letting the stronger girl pull her up to a standing position. "Thank you, Avery. Why did you do that?"
She shrugs and stuffs her hands in her jeans pockets. "Because no one deserves to be treated like that."
Avery walks away from Melissa and the rest of the students and back to the tree. She picks up her school bag to leave when a hand on her arm stops her. She jumps and turns around.
"Calum?" She asks, hiking her bag higher on her shoulder. "Can I help you or something?"
He shakes his head. "I saw you back there, with Melissa and Tom. You beat the shit out of him!"
"He deserved it." says Avery, beginning to stalk away from the tree. She mentally groans when she hears Calum's footsteps close behind. "What now?"
"Did he...did he hit you?" Calum asks, tilting her chin up to get a closer look.
"Yeah, so what it's no big deal. I'm fine." Avery flinches and wacks his hand away. "Wouldn't be the first time," she mutters under her breath.
"What was that last part?" Calum asks, placing a hand on her shoulder.
"Nothing. Could you not touch me?" Avery asks, irritated by his mere presence.
"Did you say you've been hit before?"
"Calum fucking drop it, alright?" Avery raises her voice. "Stop trying to force your way into my life. It's not happening."
He purses his lips and stands there, thinking about his next move. When he reaches his hand out to touch her hand, she pulls away quickly. Calum takes a step closer and this time reaches up to touch her cheek, and she flinches.
"You've been hit before, haven't you?" Calum asks lowly, backing away.
"No," Avery lies. "I just don't like when creepy nineteen year olds touch me."
"You're actually the worst liar I've ever encountered, and I've been friends with Luke forever. What happened?"
"Calum, when someone says 'drop the subject' they're not fucking around." Her voice was taut. Calum was really pushing her buttons.
He walks faster to keep up with her. "You can't drop a subject like that, it's a serious matter."
"Calum, it happened years ago," Avery whines, stomping her foot on the ground. "Look, if I tell you what happened, will you just leave me alone after?"
He nods.
"I was abused since I was three years old, and then when I got my first boyfriend, that fucking loser Tom back there, he hit me too." Avery speaks, her voice wavering. "When I first found out Melissa and Tom were together, I tried warning her but clearly she didn't fucking listen seeing that she's still with him."
Calum sees the broken look on Avery's face and wants to comfort her, but he likes his face the way it is so he stays put. "You're really tough, Avery."