
Lacey sighs. She doesn't wanna talk about her life anymore. Why can't anyone understand that maybe she was just destined for misery?
"You know what Grandma Foster," Lacey says, putting on a fake smile. "You're right. I never thought about it that way. Come to think of it, I'm so grateful for you guys."
"See, Lacey," Grandma smiles, placing a hand over Lacey's cold one. "I knew you'd understand. Oh, child, I bought you a new phone case seeing you destroyed the one you have now. I've left it upstairs on Julie's dresser."
"You didn't have to do that, thank you, Grandma." Lacey thanks the older lady and heads up the carpeted staircase.
Julie's room is covered in pictures. Pictures of Boo, pictures of the Angels, and even pictures of her family were hung on the wall.
Lacey felt a twinge of anger shoot through her as she examines the family picture. Julie stood in the middle of her parents with her younger brother in front of her. They were smiling, something Julie hasn't done in a long time. The only source of happiness she had left was Boo. Lacey guessed having little happiness was better than having none at all. At least for Julie.
She continues exploring Julie's pictures when she comes across one of Julie and just her brother, Dominic. Dom was three years younger than Julie. The picture looked fairly new.
Lacey sighs and touches the picture. She remembers how scared Julie looked when Jessie introduced her to the rest of the Angels. She remembers how heartbroken Julie was when she said she'd never see her brother again. Lacey almost cried for the poor girl. Almost.
Gulping back a boat load of emotion, Lacey pulled out her phone and tried taking off the four year old case. With all the money Lacey and Avery stole from the supermarket three nights ago,  she could have gotten herself a new case. But Lacey spends her money on cigarettes and tattoos. She never spent money on drugs considering Jane was a talented negotiator. Jane was friends with over seven different drug dealers who have possession of over ten different drugs combined.
Growing frustrated, Lacey bangs her phone on the dresser, hoping to loosen the case. She tries pulling it off again but to no avail.
"Piece of shit," Lacey throws the phone at the wooden floor, and the case pops off. "Marvelous." She groans and stoops down to pick up the broken case. She raises an eyebrow at the small photo on top of one of the broken halves and picks it up.
Her heart drops.
There in her hand is a 4x6 wallet size picture of her and her used to be best friend, Michael Clifford.
"No fucking way," Lacey shakes her head in denial, throwing the picture on the dresser. "How the fuck..."
"What's going on?" Julie asks hesitantly from the doorway. Her eyebrows furrow. "Is something wrong?"
Snatching the photo from the bureau, Lacey turns toward her friend. "Uh, no. No, I'm...I'm good."
Julie's eyes narrow. "Lacey, you never stutter. And you look like you've seen a ghost. What's wrong?"
"Nothing Juls, I said I'm good." Lacey repeats, avoiding eye contact with her puzzled companion.
Julie's green eyes wander to the picture Lacey failed at hiding in her hand. She points to it. "So then what's that?"
"It's nothing important," Lacey says under her breath, tearing the picture in two. She chucks the pieces into the trash bin near the door and straightens up.