
"SCAR? Come on baby stay with me. Ok," Ash pleaded as he carried her from the crime scene her blood seeping through her make-shift bandages and chilling Ash's skin. His white hair flow behind him as he made his way though the alleyways with her slowly bleeding to death in his arms.   " A..Ash w...what happened?," a low and weak voice asked him. He didn't slow his pace as he looked down at the girl in his arms, her steel gray eyes looked in to his causing tires to came from his eyes, even thought he fought to keep them in, " You got shot Scar and it's pretty bad. So please do..don't say anything, conserve your energy. Please, please Scar I...I can't lose you," he responded, his hazel hues pleaded with her as his tries continued to fall. Scar slowly nodes to him knowing that he was right, and did as he said.   As Ash rounded a corner he saw his truck come in to view and ran even faster knowing that he had a vile in the glove compartment that would alow him to make a portal that would take them to Master Sabastain, and then he can heal her. He was twenty-five feet away from his truck when the earth began to shake causing him to stumble and fall. He twisted just in time so he landed on his back and Scar was on top of him, "SHIT," Ash yelled as the earth began to shake again. He scoped Scar back up and ran to his truck before the demon could catch up to them. Scar groaned in pain, as they finally reached the truck, for Ash had sat her down on the bench seat so he could find the vile that would save her life. "A...Ash just leave me. I...I'm just slowing you down an...and I won't last long," Scar pleaded with Ash as he shaved all the paper and stuff out of the compartment and searched for the vile. Ash slammed his hand on the dashboard," I'm not going to do that and you know it! So don't you dare give up," Ash yelled as he looked into her steel eyes and seeing what he feared most, the light padding from her eyes, " Scar...Scerllet, please stay with me. STAY PLEASE!" Ash begged as he turned to her holding her close to his chest, his other hand at oil fumbling around trying to find the vile. Finally as the ground shake and the demon appeared he found the vile and as he turned to run he thought the vile to the ground he took on last look at the demon as he jumped into the portal.    Ash landed on his feet in the marble enter way, "Master Sabastain please came here. Scar needs your help," Ash yelled at the top of his lunges, holding Scar close to his chest as he stood with her in his arms her bandages soaked and her face pale, Sabastain came running in a few seconds later with clean bandages and vile of medicine in his hands, " Came Ash and place her on the couch so I can tend to her. You go and get yourself cleaned up and bring some clean cloths for Miss Scarllet," Sabastain said as they lad her down on the couch, "No afence Sabastain I'm not leaving her, even if she is in your care," Ash stated as he stayed by Scars side holding her hand with his placing small kisses on her hand. "ASH," Sedastain yelled," she is here and safe NOW leave so I can do my job and SAVE HER LIFE!" Ash bowed his head knowing that he was right before leaving Ash whispered, "Stay with me Scar, please. I...I can't lose another loved one. Please, please stay. Stay" and with that he left so Sedastain could do his job.   Hours later Master Sedastian told him that he could take Scar to her room so she could recover. As he carried her up the stairs he could help but to think about how close he come to loosening her tonight and how much he loved her. When he got to her room he placed her on her bed ans brushed her long Brown hair out of het face. "Stay with me. Please don't leave me, please don't," Ash said as he placed a kiss on Scars forehead and pulled up a chair so he could sit by her side while he wated for her to wake up.
Hi people I'm Katie. Please enore the spelling errors. And the pic is how Ash and Scar are supposed to look except more modern. Again sorry for spelling errors. One lost thong the pic is not mine got it from pintrest