
"S-sorry, I was thinking" Mangle said, slightly embarrassed" Foxy's eyes softened. "Sorry Mangle, didn' mean t' snap at ye..." Foxy said, looking a little guilty.
"Nah, I'm sorry Foxy, what were you saying?" Foxy opened his mouth to continue when one of the day guards walked into the room.
"Mangle, what the hell do you think you're doing, get your useless ass outside that curtain before I turn you into scrap metal! Foxy started to snap back but Mangle grabbed him, using all of his strength, and drug him away, Foxy still swinging his metal hook.
The day guard looked terrified. "Wh-what was that! You're not real, You're robots, you can't feel anger!" He said.
Mangle let the angry Foxy go and he stood there staring at the guard, shaking. Then, before Mangle could react, he approached the guard. Pressing his back against the wall in fear of the animatronic who was hardly inches away from him. Foxy stared him in the eye, showing that he was a good three inches taller than the human man.
"I don't ever EVER  want to hear ye talk bad about MY  Mangle, or else me hook is going into yer brain, okay?" Foxy said, his voice dangerously soft and calm. Foxy backed up and the man rushed out, leaving Mangle speechless.
Then he thought for a moment. Foxy said 'My Mangle'... what does that mean? He didn't have much time to think before Foxy whirled around and stared at Mangle, the rage in his eyes caused Mangle to flinch.
Foxy's eyes cleared and softened as he looked at Mangle. He snorted. "Can you believe the nerve of that g-" "What did you mean by 'My Mangle'"Mangle interrupted him without thinking. Foxy's ears fell sideways, which was either a sign of boredom or embarrassment... most likely the second.
"Uhh..." Foxy said, looking at his feet. If he was human, Mangle guessed he would be the same red color. "It jus'... slipped out?" Foxy said, sounding more like a question than an answer.
"Foxy, that's bullshit and you know it, what did you mean?" Mangle said, managing to keep his happiness out of his voice. 'Please mean what I think' Mangle thought, slightly enjoying his friends embarrassment.
Mangle was expecting many things, maybe a joking answer, Foxy running out, or- dare he even think- a confession for his love?
He was not, however, expecting Foxy to shove him against the wall nuzzling his neck. "It means that you're mine" Foxy said in his deep voice, declaring that Mangle couldn't protest or change it even if he wanted to... which he didn't.
"F-foxy!" Mangle choked out. He enjoyed the attention, of course, but he wasn't able to move and he didn't want anyone coming in here.
Foxy backed away in shock. "I-i-i'm sorry Mangle... I don't know wha' came over me..." He said, looking  more embarrassed than ever.
Mangle walked over to him and hugged him, shocking Foxy. "Y-yer not mad?" He asked in shock
"Why would I be? This is a dream come true..." Mangle said, his ears also drooping in embarrassment. "C'mon my Foxy... Lets go entertain some kids"




It's... Okay I guess...
Actually, it sucks, but meh