
This takes place around the second game, both Original and Toy animatronics are active and entertaining kids... All grammar mistakes are intentional. Read on!

"Hello lads lads and lasses, it's me, good ol' Mangle!" It was a normal day at the improved Freddy Fazbear's. The two pirate foxes showed together onstage as both rivals and friends. Foxy was hiding backstage ready to make an appearance. As if his thoughts summoned him, the red fox leaped through the curtains. He was much taller than Mangle, who was built shorter than the others, since he was used to entertain the smaller kids. Poor Mangle barely topped five feet zero, while Foxy stretched over six. Mangle always admired Foxy, he was so strong yet gentle.
"Aye, did ye forget about ol' Foxy already?" Foxy said, flashing his beautiful sharp teeth. He usually played the bad guy, scaring the kids so that Mangle saved the day, and the children loved it, and so did the two pirates, even though they were routinely destroyed by the children.
Today, however, they were more beat up then ever (Kids can't keep their hands to themselves), so they decided to tell stories about when they were pirates.
"Aye, did I ever tell ye lads and lasses about the great storm me and me friend Mangle got ourselves caught in?" Foxy asked, immediately getting the hyper children's attention.
"No mister Foxy" They all answered at once. Foxy smiled, showing his large silver and gold teeth. They weren't real metal, they were plastic, unlike Mangle's metal ones.
"Then how about we tell them then, aye Mangle?" He asked the white fox.
"Sure, Foxy" He said, gesturing him to continue, eager to hear his story telling voice. The red and tan fox nodded before speaking in his story voice, which was deeper and slightly commanding, yet kept it's soothing tone.
"It was  long ago, in the year forty-nine (Random number) Me an' Mangle were watchin' the sky grow darker and heavier, 'though 'twas only 'round noon. The waves grew higher and higher as the wind blew harder an' faster. The salty waves blew into me fur, turnin' me white as Mangle here." He said, gesturing for Mangle to start speaking. Mangle was lost for a moment, wondering why Foxy stopped his story before he realized he was waiting for him to start talking.
"Aye, 'twas a fierce storm, worst we ever seen!" Mangle said, his voice was much softer, and nearly as deep as Foxy's normal voice whenever he got into his 'Reading voice'. He wished his voice was as enchanting as Foxy's voice was.
He continued. "The crew could barely tell me an' Foxy apart from a distance through the lashing rain an' his salty-white fur, which was, as he said, covered in salt that was washed away as swiftly as it arrived. The crew was scared, but they knew tha' cap'n Foxy would'n le' any harm come to them, Isn't that ri' Foxy?" Mangle asked, seemingly jarring the larger animatronic out of his thoughts.
"O- Aye, they knew they coul' trust ol' Foxy, so I took the wheel, and guided us through the storm, outta' danger." Foxy finished. Mangle smiled at the children, and they all started to cheer. "Yay!!!"
The story had lasted about two hours, meaning that the two animatronics still had a long time to keep the children entertained, however, they could still take breaks.
The two foxes went behind the curtains, kid mode off. Foxy's 'Pirate speak' and deep voice were natural, Mangle however, had a very feminine voice, despite the fact that he was male, but one more 'Miss Mangle' and he would bite somebody. He was also very well-spoken, but he had to do the pirate voice for Foxy. It was sad, the things he would do for his best friend, even change the way he talked. "-Mangle! Are ye even listenin' to me? Honestly ye are me friend, bu' sometimes ye be as dumb as a doorknob." Foxy said, sounding slightly annoyed.