
"Take your marks as soon as we reach the warehouse!" The commander yelled.
You held your quinque made from a koukaku kagune. You sat next to a boy with white hair and red stitches down his neck and arm. He had a few in his eye as well.
"Suzuya, Juuzou, 3rd Rank Investigator." He said, extending his hand towards you.
You returned the handshake, smiling.
"I'm L/N, F/N. Third Rank. I like your stitches." You shyly mentioned. He smirked while saying, "They're for fashion purposes."
You two and other CCG agents were on a bus leading to Aogiri's hideout. This was a big arc. The boys hand crept on to your knee. You looked down nervously to see him smiling at you. He removed his hand. Was he trying to flirt? You thought.
Everyone got off the bus and you and Juuzou were stationed together with 5 other investigators. He kept looking at someone's motorcycle.
"F/N, want a ride?" He asked. "Are you sure we can do this?" You asked. Juuzou stood up and pulled you on, grabbing you by the wrist. "3,2,1!"
Juuzou powered up the bike. It sloped off a ramp and went close to a window. Cries of agents could be heard about how that clearly wasn't part of the mission. Juuzou jumped off the bike, pulling a knife from his pocket and activating your quinque.
The window shattered, bringing you close to many Aogiri members.
Suzuya swung his knives in the air, slashing and cutting each member. There were a few left. It was Ayato, one of the main members. He charged at you in the wide hallway, careening you into the wall.
Your head was bashed into a window on the other side, with numerous pieces of glass falling and striking you. You couldn't keep your balance, and started to fall out of the window.
Juuzou pulled out your quinque (he doesn't have his yet) and hit Ayato, causing him to fall backwards.
He rushed over to you, grabbing your hand and pulling you up. Ayato came from behind and struck him with his kagune, right in the back.
Blood dripped from Juuzou's mouth. He pulled out a large knife and threw it in Ayato's face, with a blood curdling scream coming from him. Ayato's eye was red, not from being a ghoul, but from blood.
Suzuya cut off one of his kagune, causing Ayato to launch off his feet, blood pouring from everywhere.
Just like his sister with the Ukaku kagune, he could jump high and escape the fight, landing on a ceiling pipe.
"F/N!" Juuzou ran over to you. You shifted your head, barely opening your eyes. You couldn't see straight.
"F/N?" He pulled on your eyelid lightly so you could see him clearly. You mumbled something inaudible.
"Daijobu?" He asked. "Are you daijobu?"
You couldn't speak. The impact had set some effect on your brain, making this situation confusing. You knew what you wanted to say, just couldn't do it.
Other investigators came by to see the fight damage, and took you back into the van. "Juu...zou..." You whispered.
---
"Over 30 shards of glass were found, with an especially large one striking the superficial temporal artery." Juuzou cocked his head at the confusing report the doctor had given.
"The area behind the eye is fragile. A piece of glass went in 5 inches deep. Practically a miracle she's alive." The doctor simplified the sentence.