
16 years after I was taken .I am Artemis Barnes. The daughter and student of Buckey Barnes aka the winter soldier . I have animal shapeshifting , hand to hand combat , master of all forms of martial arts and I can shoot somebody faster than black widow can assassinate somebody .i was on a mission to kill director fury and Captain Rogers . I was in the air ducts on the helicarrier eating for my first target fury . I saw him walking I his chair in his office to sit down while I was waiting to strike . Suddenly I fell through and landed on the ground causing him o turn around and put a shocked face on him . "Artemis is that really you ?" He asked . J got up and said "yes it's me and I am here to kill you ". "But why "? "My father Buckey said too ". "Buckey is not your father Artemis agent Coulsen is ." He said . When he said that I turned the other way and took off tuning while he was yelling " wait Artemis and somebody stop her!" I then I almost ran into the avengers causing them to look at me and made me freeze while director fury was getting closer ." Somebody grab that girl ". When he said that the avengers started  to lunge at me so I blocked , kicked , rolled and dodge everybody attack except hawkeye bow came on the back of my head and I blacked out . Director fury pove .When I saw Artemis it was a miracle because I thought she died or something bad happen . When I asked if he was okay, I saw she was frighten and scared for some reason and then she took off running in the opposite direction . I yelled for we but she keep running until the avengers showed up with their new member ant man . I then yelled "grab that girl. "! I saw her take on the avengers well maby when I talk some sense into her she might be able to join the avengers . " good work agent Barton". He nodded am then ant man asked "who is she anyway"? "She is agent Coulsen daughter and I will explain later I promise " . What!? They all said . "Take her too the cage on level 9 because she is a tricky one ". "Yes sir " they all said.