
My bucket list:
-do something illegal-drink alcohol for the first time-get my first kiss under the sunset, no too cheesy...kiss in the rain, no everyone does that..kiss on top of a roof under the rain, with my favorite song playing, I Won't Give Up On Us by Jason Maraz.
I chuckled at her bucket list and she turned around glaring at me. I backed up and she folded up the paper then put it in her bra.
"I should take her home." I told the guys and slung her over my shoulder.
"Ooh..you have muscles." She started to poke my back and arms. I just chuckled and set her in my car.
I jumped into the drivers seat and looked over at Elle. She was head first in the floorboard with her legs in the air.
"Where's this cave lead to?" Her voice was muffled.
"That's not a cave Elle." I looked at her amused.
"Oh." She sounded disappointed. She started to get out but banged her head on the compartment. "Ouch." She rubbed her head. "I'm stuck."
I chuckled and leaned over to her seat to help her. I grabbed her waist and pulled her out.
"Thank you!" She yelled and slung her arms around my neck. I just awkwardly patted her head and she pulled away.
"Yea. Buckle up." she got the seat belt and wrapped it around her waist and legs. I mentally face palmed myself.
"To the zoo!!" She pointed to my house.
"No, the zoo is to your right and I'm taking you home." She looked at me disappointed then started pouting.
"Fine."
I started driving her home when she turned on the music. This rap music started to play and she slung her hands everywhere.
"What are you doing?" I looked at her with a raised eyebrow.
"I'm dancing!!" She couldn't really dance since she tied herself up so she looked like she was having a seizure.
I rolled me eyes and kept driving. Soon I reached her house and parked my car. I got out and opened her door then untied her. She held out her arms and I picked her up. I walked to her house and opened the door since it was unlocked.
"Elle?" I heard her mom call.
"Mommy!!" Elle jumped out of my arms and to her mom.
"Where were you? I was worried sick." She looked at me. "Who did you bring along?"
"I'm Andre Carter, nice to meet you Mrs.Brooks." I held out my hand and she shook it.
"Where were you?" She asked Elle.
"I was with that muscle man right there!" She pointed to me. I rubbed the back of my neck nervously.
"Oh really?" Her mom walked over to me. "What's wrong with her?!" She whisper yelled to me.
I gulped. "She um..kinda ate hash brownies, she thought they were brownies. I didn't know she ate them, I was in the shower and I had friends over watching her but they left and I didn't know. I'm really sorry Mrs.Brooks."
"Hash brownies?! I'm sorry, you need to leave. Bye." I walked out and she slammed the door on me.
I walked down to my car and got in. I'm such an idiot.
* ~ *
Hey guys! Hope this was a good chapter! Vote if it was! Thank you!
Bye!!