
Above picture Elle Brooks played by Selena Gomez
ANDRE'S POV STILL
The guys got here about five minutes ago and Elle has been entertaining us.
"Where did Narnia go?" Right now she was in my parents dresser trying to find Narnia. Yea, it's not working.
"Narnia isn't in there Elle." I said laughing.
"Oh." She started to come out of the dresser but she tripped and fell face flat on the floor.
She started giggling. "Elle, did you just trip?"
"No," she kept giggling. "the floor asked for a hug, so I gave it a good one." She started to get up. "Food."
We walked downstairs after I picked her up and I sat her down at the table.
"No, I wanna make my food." She got up and started looking through the pantry.
She ended up getting two granola bars and pickles in between. So she made a granola pickle sandwich or something like that, ew. She ate it and smiled.
"Yum. Andre you should try it." She smirked then started running after me. I quickly ran upstairs and into my room, I closed the door and I heard her banging on the door.
"Let me in!" She yelled.
"No!"
After a while of her hitting on the door the guys came up to talk to me.
"Bro, your mom's here..we kinda told her she ate all the hash brownies.." Wyatt said quietly.
I groaned and rubbed my face with my hands. I walked downstairs to my mother who is fuming, literally. It's not a good thing when you have half a Mexican mother, they get real mad..
"Andre Carter! Eres primera chica aquí y ella ya está drogado en pasteles de hachís! Sabía usted hizo las drogas, pero no pensé que había comen! Heck, no tengo ni idea de quién es! Ahora será mejor que expliques señor!" ...and the Spanish talking starts.
"Mamá, look I'm sorry. I went to take a quick shower and the guys left, which I didn't know of. Then when they left she started eating them, she didn't know they were drugs. When I came out of the shower they were all gone..I'm really sorry mamà." I looked down.
"Yo también lo siento, pero usted tiene que tener sentido común a veces, usted realmente no tiene a veces. Pero, te voy a dar una advertencia ya que esta es la primera vez ok? Te amo hijo." She hugged me.
"I love you too mamá." I hugged her back.
I looked around to the guys and yelled at them, in Spanish may add. "Usted idiotas estúpidos! Yo podría haber metido en problemas! Toda causa que dejó poco inocente Elle cerca de algunos pasteles de hachís, luego pensó que eran los normales! Luego se comió todos ellos, y ahora casi me metió en problemas a causa de ustedes! Para dejándola con pasteles de hachís!" All of their eyes were wide and it was dead silent.
That is until Elle broke it by running around and then she ran into a wall. She giggled and got up. I started laughing with the guys even though I just yelled at them.
"Hey guys do you have a piece a paper I could borrow?" She asked skipping around.
"Yea?" I walked to my moms office room and got a piece of paper and pen.
I walked into the kitchen where Elle was sitting and put the paper and pen in front of her. She grabbed the pen and wrote down things on the paper. I looked over her shoulder to look at what she was writing.