
"What is your ability?" Auto told us that when he looks at things In his mind they are reverse engineered. With the information about each part does. Only one problem he needs to see the ship in its entirety to reverse engineer it.
"So we need to get outside to fix the ship but if we do that the blond guy on the screen will come to get us."
"What if we can cloak our selves? Like turn invisible." Auto wondered aloud.
"Hey Loki can you shift other people as well?"
From the shadows he says "sorry only me"
"Darn, I'll ask T.K. later if there are any cloaking abilities in the bunch. From there we'll have Auto examine the ship and what we need to do to get it flying again."
"Its er... Buried," Terra said "partly."
"Great! now what" electro said loudly "any more bad news little girl"
"Hey! Its not her fault," Kelly intervened.
"We can work a way around that." I say glaring at Electro. I look back at Terra "can you make shovels?" Terra nods her head
"This is starting to sound like a plan," Moses said encouragingly "I think we should all take a break. Ok guys get some rest and complete the plan tomorrow." People started to walk out the room. Once I thought everyone was out the room I sat down and leaned my head back against the wall. Then it hit me like a charging boar. The anxiety of the plan not working. what they will make us do if the plan doesn't work? What if they are just going to kill us because we were just lab rats for some experiment and we're expendable? What if they sent us here to see if It'll work with no intention of picking us up? What if we are going to just die the minute we get out?
"That went well," Kelly was standing right next to me and I hadn't even realized.
"I guess," the anxiety stopped almost instantly.
"So what is your crime," she said curiously
"I don't know," I reply
"Aren't you curious?"
"No."
"What could be so bad about it you heal people."
"Yes a positive, but what's the negative."
"Well my record says I am a cereal bank robber."
She trusted me with hers might as well trust her with mine. "Alrighty, holopad," my holopad screen appeared on my forearm " my criminal record." Another screen format popped up it showed my me in a black jumpsuit with the numbers 14-48 on the right of my chest. Below it labeled my: