
SixHe kissed me! He kissed me! I play it over and over in my head but I can't help but smile. Does he want a relationship or just a fling? I try to get that out of my mind when I reach my house. God I hope Luke rather died or passed out! I open the door and see him sitting on the couch, watching a football game. I try to walk upstairs without him noticing me but like always that probably won't work."Where were you?" He slurs. Again he is drunk! "I was on the magic school bus!" I say rolling my eyes."Cut the crap! Where were you!" He yells. My palms start to sweat,I don't want to say his name around him. He's blames me for Caleb's suicide and frankly, so do I."I was at the park!" I say. He freezes when he realizes what day it is today, October 3rd. "Go up stairs! Now!" He says with a heavy breath. Caleb was his favorite out of the 2 of us. He only hit him when he actually did something wrong. But me, he hits me if I'm silent, if I'm there, if I'm breathing. I know what is coming. I slowly march upstairs to my room. Why did it have to be today? I can tell Luke is right behind me basically breathing down my neck. I get to my room and turn around to face him. "I have a surprise for you! Close your eyes!" He says with a raspy voice, it is deep and low. I obey him by closing my eyes. What is he going to do? Is he going to hurt me? Is he going to try to kiss me or worst. Everything in my mind swirls around with what if's. A streak of pain comes to my left cheek. Blood starts to trickle down my face. I can tell he is cutting my face. It hurts to much! I scream in horror as the knife makes it way down to my lip. He stops and pulls away from me. I collapses to the floor trying to stop screaming but I can't. I scream until I pass out from the pain. •••My eyes slowly open to the sight of Luke sitting on my bed flipping the knife in his fingers. Why is he still here? He walks over and kneels down by me."It all your fault!" He whispers. I nod my head, it is my fault that Caleb is gone! I feel a sharp a pain in my chest. I scream at then pain, I look down to see a knife in my chest. Be quickly pulls the knife out and he walks away. He is to coward to see me die. I fall over to my side and stay there totally still. When he pulled that knife out he took everything with it, My happiness, sadness, grief, love, and my life. Blood still spills around me. I guess now I'm free, from the monster that I saw everyday. People say that death is the worst moment ever but honestly it is the best. I will never see Luke again so he can't hurt me anymore. The people who care about me well I hope they get over me, we only knew each other for a month. I hope Tobias kissed me in the moment because I don't want him to miss me. Soon after I leave this world i will only be a name. People will say my name in the hallways but then it will just turn into a whisper. The world is a place where you live but you also die and now is my moment. I can feel some tugging me, not the string of death but Caleb's hand telling me it is time to go. Wherever I'm going, I hope it is nice.
WHAT! I know I'm like Veronica! I'm sorry but please keep reading!