
I sit down near the little grey gravestone by a oak tree. I still feel like he is here but I know he isn't. I look a little to my right and see my Mom's. When Caleb died i saved enough money to have his grave right by my Mom, Dad, and little brother Logan, the ones that died in the car crash. Caleb, Logan, and I were all a year apart. When my parents and brother died. Caleb was 7, i was 6, and Logan died at 5. He was so long! I remember everything about him, he had blonde hair and light blue eyes. He was pretty tall for a kindergartener, he got that from Dad. I want to cry but i can't, it is like I'm unable to cry about my dead family. I remember how Caleb looked like Mom and so did I. I looked to much like mom actually, i have the same hair, eyes, height, the only difference was she was pretty. I remember everything about her, the way she talked, walked, everything. Every time i look in the mirror, i see her. I need to change, if I continue to look like her I'll start to break down. I remember early i used scissors in art class, i pull them out and look at the blade. I need to do this, for me. I pull the scissors to my hair and snip. I don't know how short i make it but i don't care. if it is uneven, i'll do the rest at home. I get up and look at the hair on the ground, i pick it up and throw it in a near by dumpster. I walk home with the thought of my family on my mind. •••I open the doors to the school and all eyes are on me. Everyone is looking at my hair, it changed, now it is a pixie cut. Some people laugh and others smile a little but they turn into frowns when they remember the dance accident. I continue to walk trying to mind my own business when some girls walk up to me. "Hey look at the slut of the school!" One of them says with a laugh. "Do i know you?" I ask harshly. "Your looking at Tobias future girlfriend," the same girl says, smiling."That may be hard since he doesn't go for sluts, learned that the hard way!" I say with a short laugh. She glares at me but then smiles."I though he didn't go for ugly girls but he went for you so i guess i was wrong! And why did you make yourself look worst?" She says in remark. "How about you do you go do what you usually do by sleeping with a teacher to get a A," i say. I walk away with glares shooting at me from everywhere i look. I finally get to my locker and i notice someone about 10 feet away, Tobias. He is talking with a bunch of his friends. I open up my locker but every few seconds i sneak a glance at him. One time he looks at me but he frowns, he still hates me. I grab my math book and walk away still getting glares. God why does everyone hate me. •••I sit down at a empty table for lunch, on my plate i have a small sandwich, a apple, and a can of Coca-Cola. I have sat at this table yesterday because no one would let me sit at there table. I hear whispers all around me, talking about me. I knew I shouldn't have went to the damn dance! God why did i say yes or I should have told him i hate dances. I look to a different table and i see Sheridan, she looks at me and has a smile on her face. Her hand comes up and points to the big monitor that out lunch room has, she wants me to look at it. I ignore her and continue to eat my lunch. But then everyone starts to look at the screen. I turn around to see what everyone stares at and i freeze. It is a video, a bad video. "I'm Caleb Prior and this is my suicide note."