
Slowly my heavy eyes open. My moves sluggish, my mind even slower. Green, translucent slime surrounding me. I look around I have a black rubber mask over my nose and mouth. There's a tube connecting the mask and the lid of this cell. I try to swallow the excess saliva in my mouth, but that tube didn't stop at the mask. No it was forced all the way down my throat. Now pannaking I start thrashing. There has to be a way out. I look around again there's something on the outside of the tube. Wait what's in between me and outside? What is it? Glass. Gosh how could I be so dumb? I kick the glass hard. A small spider web forms on the glass I kick again, it gets bigger I kick and kick again. Finally it breaks the over flow of the fluid breaks the rest of the glass. I have finally got my freedom that I longed for for the last 2 minutes and 45 seconds of my life. But the tube was still in my throat and the ruber mask still plastered on my face. I was hanging a foot above the ground by that fucking tube. I don't know why but I get a pit of hatered for the tube I pull myself up by the tube. I place both my feet on the ceiling of my cylindrical glass cage with metal ends. I push off the ceiling and the tube detaches. Smack! The wet skin of my back hits the floor. Tens if not hundreds of pieces of glass stab my back. But that damn tube was still in my mouth. I yank on the end of the tube. I start to puke every time I feel the invasive plastic move forcing me to stop. I walk over to the desk and slide it over to the wall before the desk made contact I put the tube in between the two. And walked backwards and sped away. The slimy tube slithered out my mouth I rip off the mask. There is no one in sight. Some one put me here. Me, who am I, what do I do?
I wander out of the room down the hall and see a luminescent sign on the wall.
Mess hall→←Nursery
I'll go to the nursery to treat my wounds then to the mess hall for food and possibly some answers. I take a left and continue walking. The first door on the right had a lot of what looked like surgical equipment. The cabinets wide open and bottles of medicine on the floor, the one thing that sticks out is that there are no needles or surgical precision knives. As a matter of fact there are no direct marmfull tools in the environment.
Did something or someone take them or were they never here to begin with? Never mind that find uWho are you?A friend, the others need your guidance you need to heel and find them. How are you inside my head? Just listen heel and come and find me.