
I sit it my chair in Mrs. Whites drama class waiting to see who my partner is for the big project we have to do. We have to dress up like characters from Romeo and Juliet and act out a certain scene from it. It is 50% of our grade!"Okay so I just put up the list! You can go check it out know!" Everyone dashes to the small price of paper that tells us what we are doing. Rachel with Ross - Party sceneChelsea with Tom - Forest sceneSam with Jake - Death sceneSix with Tobias - Kissing sceneMy eyes grow wide when I see my name, I'm with Six! I don't know if I should be happy or sad about that, I like Six in a lot of ways, but I don't want her to know that. Six walks away from the board and groans, that didn't hurt at all. She shoot a glare and I shoot it back. "The performances will be in 2 weeks!" White yells across the class right as the bell rings. I leave quickly while bumping in Six's shoulder. I don't want her to know I like her, so I have to hate her which is the hardest thing ever. I can't hate her when she smiles, laughs, even when she is angry. •••SixI have to work with Tobias! I don't hate him but I know be hates me, and I don't know why! I shoot a glare and he shoots one in return. "The performances will be in 2 weeks!" Mrs. White says in unison with the bell. I grab my stuff and try to get out quick, so I don't cause attention but thanks to Mr. Perfect! He runs into my shoulder and I hit my back against the wall, clenching my teeth because thats where it hurt the most last night. I try to ignore it and I keep walking to my next class, Math! I came up with what Math really means, (didn't actually make it up)MentalAbuseToHumans.•••TobiasAfter school I thought a lot about Six and our project. It didn't hit me until after school that I have to kiss her. We do need to practice so I drive to her house (Chris gave me the address) I pull up in her drive way. It is a nice shade a green and is two story's. I get out of my truck and go to the door and hear something. "Beatrice get the door!" A man yells very angrily. Who is Beatrice Does Six have a younger sister or something? The door opens and I see Six. Her real name is Beatrice? She groans a little and looks at me."What are you doing here?" She says annoyed. "Do you want to practice for Mrs. White?" I say with a stern face but I still think about her name. It matches her pretty well."Beatrice who is at the door!" The man yells again. Six stiffens and takes a deep breath out. I smile a little and she notices."Shut up!" She whispers. "I can't today maybe sometime soon though," She says rolling her eyes. She slams the door in my face and I don't see her at all, but a white door. Her real name is Beatrice! Why didn't she want anyone to find out?