
Hey do you want to spend the night at my place? - CSure let me ask my dad - S. I set my phone down and go down stairs. I look to see where Luke is, I find him sprawled across the couch passed put. Yes. I grab a bag of stuff and shove it into my duffle bag. I take one step out my bedroom door and something comes like a slap in the face. Tobias knows my full name. Not even the one that I got rid of! Earlier Luke was drunk and he kept calling be Beatrice and not Tris! Now Tobias knows. I shake my head and run down the stairs. Luke is still passed out and so I make a dash to the door.•••Chris door opens to someone I didn't want to see. Tobias. I glare at him and he just smiles. "Hello Bea-" He starts but I cut him off."If you say my name I swear to god, I will beat the living crap out of you!" I say with my voice low so I sound more intimidating. He just laughs."You beat me up!" He pulls his head back and laughs. "Look at me and then you! That would never happen!" I glare at him."Hey look I was right! You have a ego as big as Texas!" I say with a smirk. I walk past him and run into his shoulder like he did to me. I walk in and see multi colored bean bags on the floor shaping a circle. "Hey!" Everyone says in a chorus. I smile and wave and sit in a blood run bean bag which is right by Chris and Uriah. Tobias grabs a seat and Uriah smiles a little. "Who wants to play Truth or Dare?" Everyone nods there head in agreement. Uriah folds his hands and looks at Zeke."Good brother! You know the question!" Uriah states very loud, I'm pretty sure the neighbors heard. "Dare!" He says casually."I dare you to climb to the roof and yell that your coming out of the closet!" He says with a devilish grin. Everyone laughs. Shauna, Zekes girlfriend, starts to laugh so hard tears are strolling down her face. Zeke stands up and runs upstairs, probably going to a window so he can climb through there. Everyone runs outside to see what will happen. Zeke peeks on top of the roof and takes a breath in. "I'm coming out world! Thats Right I'm Gay! G-A-Y! Gay!" He yells at the top of his lungs. Just saying I'm not against gay's! Everyone starts to burst out laughing. He goes away and we run inside. I sit on the bean bags still laughing like idiots. Zeke walks down stairs with a mad face. "If it makes you feel better I think the guy at the end of the block, asked you for your number!" I say trying to be humorous. Zeke sticks his tongue out at me and I do the same. The game continues for about 15 minutes with so many things I can't even count. I run into the kitchen and get a cup of ice cold water to drink."Six!" Uriah says. "Truth," I say trying to piss him off. He rolls his eyes and looks at me."Whats your story?" He asks smiling. I can't tell them about everything! I can't talk about Luke, and the thing that haunts me. Caleb. "Well I was born, and flash forward a dew years. My parents and my Brother got into a car accident and died. I was put into adaption and then my dad Luke found me and I was in Washington for a while. Then he got a job in Chicago, so now I'm here!" Everyone looks at me with sad eyes except for one person, Tobias, who is laughing to himself. How can he laugh at my parents dying? I bet if I told him my whole story he would be dying of laughter. I stare at him and he doesn't notice that I'm looking at him. I stand up and walk over to him and kneel down so were face to face."You think it is funny! That my family is dead!" I say with tears swelling up in my eyes. He just smirks at me. I throw the water from my cup into his face and he takes it by surprise. "Well Jackass was that funny!" I stand up and walk out of Chris's house. I don't know where to go, I can't go home! I can't walk back in there! I turn a right and just start to head somewhere. Just somewhere else. It seems like I walk for 20 minutes when I see a bench. I lay down on the bus and just sit there will tears falling to the cement. Why does the god hate me? Why does Luke hate me? Why does everyone I meet hate me? I think I lay there for 2 hours and I don't see no search party's. I check my phone and notice it is 2:00 am. I must have been here longer then I thought! I start to see a car with blinding head lights comes driving up. I notice it is a red pickup, like Tobias's. Crap. He parks right by me and gets out. "Why in God's name are you doing here!" He says loudly. "I'm waiting for the aliens to come and get me," I say making a joke. "Jesus Christ! Can you take anything seriously?" He says with anger. "I tried once! It was the worst 2 seconds of my life." I say with a smirk. "Why are you here and not with your Dad?" He blurts. "He left and the house was locked. Like the stupid person I am, I forgot the keys! So I took a walk." I say even though it was a lie. "Now can you leave! I'm still mad at you, ow wait I've never stopped being mad at you!" I say with a low voice. "For what?" He says, I stare at him. "So do you laugh when everyone's parent dies or is there something funny about my story!" I yell. He steps back at my volume. "I was laughing because I know that your story is Bull! That part may be true, but There is more to the story," He glances at me with a stern look. He gets into his far and drives away. I won't let him find out, ever.