
"Alright people calm down" I look at T.K. he puts his thumb and index finger in his mouth a deafening whistle came out.
"Alright, the bunks are right below us this is the mess hall, containment, and hospital level. The floor above us I assume will have our way out. Tomorrow morning I'll be right in my original contanment room with others devising a plan. So those that want to help develop the plan that'll get us out of here get over here." A handful of people walk over behind me. "Another thing to help with the plan we are going to have to catalog everyones abilities to decided everyones job. To do this we will need to figure out how to work our holopads." My wrist lit up orange and a screen hovered above the skin of my forearm. "Alrighty then, T.K. you register with them and establish a link between you and everyone here enough to know where they're at."
"People line up on the left side of the room we will discover your ability, find how it would be of use then advance to where ever you are needed or where you want. . ." the ones that wanted to help with a plan fallowed me to my cell. Including Kelley.
"So, I was thinking that if this was a building we could advance up the floors and try to find an exit.. Sorry where are my manners what are your guys' names?" Kelley introduced herself to the group telling her name and ability. Then the others started to one at a time there was Moses tall, lean, had hair to his mid back, he was black, and most dignified aspect about him was his eyes cold baby blue. His ability could take the water particulates in the air or ground where ever it was and control it. Sandra had a similar facial structure, but was a little bit on the shorter side, red burning eyes, and had the most opossite ability. Her abilities allowed her to start fires and sustain them. Next, next was Joker, Joker was unhealthly skinny, had jet black hair was pale like the tile floor beneath us, he activated his holopads with out speaking then projected the screen bigger in big bold letters it said I am Joker. I can't speak I have the ability to dirive technology to do what I tell it to in my head. I saw a major advantage with his ability. The next guy was cocky, his name was electro. Hell of a name if he didn't have the ability to control electricity. He produced a thread of electricity. A built broad man stepped up after him and he announced himself as rush. He believes that he overproduces adrenaline making him quick and strong. For such physical attributes you would think he was dumb, but darn he used vocabulary with 20 syllables. Next was a small girl about 8 years of age, brown hair, petite, her face almost perfectly simetrical. Her name was Terra, she could manipulate solids to shapes she wants if there small enough to put her arms around. She took a square piece of metal and shaped it to be a curved blade. Her ability could be useful too. I thought. The final person gave me an uneasy feeling. Slender and tall like me he said his name was Loki. He looked at me then his body changed. Like a ripple in water his appearance changed he looked just like me. Just like me my clothes, which just was grey skin tight shorts, my eyes, and everything else. Then he stepped back and stood there.
"Alrighty then let's get down to business. If you have an idea just speak up." I waited for a minute and no one spoke up. "Well I'm going to assume that this is a building. I think that we should see if we can exit through the bottom and if we cant do that exit through the top and wait for pick up."
"Wait a minute you want to go back to the people that experimented on us then sent us here to die" Electro interrupted
"I know it seems like a bad idea but . . ." I was interrupted again