
(Lets pretend for now Kalin is 19 and Myles is 21)
Im y/n, i dont have any friends, my parents hate me too after my little brother died. My closest friend was talking shit about me behind my back and we got into a fist fight. Rumors were spread and now im the most hated one in school. My clothing is always dark and my makeup is scene as fuck, so is my hair. I colored it black too. I have dimple piercings, oh and im in a university studying for forensics. Im ninteen...
|Your POV| I herd laughing so i looked towards it. It was a group of girls that pointed and looked at me, i put my head down and walked to my class.
*Flashback*
"can we talk" i asked my friend. "Yea, about what" Amy said. "Is it true". "What". "Were you talking shit about me". Amy looked around and her skank(new friends/Populars) group walked in so she got all tough. She pushed me back "little bitch". "Amy". "Dont talk to me" then she smacked me. I acted immediately and pushed her against the wall and we were just on the floor rolling around and punching each other.
*end of flashback*
After class ended i went to my dorm, on the door was written "whore". I rubbed it off and ran in my room. Keep in mind me and Amy got the dorm with each other when we were friends. Amy was their and so was her boyfriend, Myles Parrish. I rolled my eyes and left when she gave me a look.
I went to the Library, while there someone came up to me. "Hey y/n" said a guy. I turned around rapidly. "Calm down its me Kalin". "Omg Kalin" i hugged him. "What are you doing here". "I told my friend that i wanted to go to college and he told me about this university that he goes too". "Really whats your friends name". "Myles". I rolled my eyes and stomped off. "Where you going, whats wrong". "Hes dating what i thought was my friend". "Ohh" Kalin looked down "well what happened to you, your so dark now" he laughed. "Ive just changed thats all". "Mmmmh, you ok with you fam after your brother i know its been a little shaky". "Their drunk off their asses, doing drugs, and blame me for his death. They hate me now". "Come on dont say that". "Really" i pulled up my sleeve, their were round burn marks "if you ever want a cigaret go ask them". Kalins mouth opened in sorriness "Im sorry". "Dont feel bad for me, you do your own thing". I walked off since the library was closing and went to my dorm. Amy was their but she was asleep.