
After school I decide to head to the park. When my parents took us down here, this is where I used to play. Then i was put with Luke. I don't even want to look at Luke right now. When I get to the park and realize how many memories it brings back
Flash backI run up to the police and see them wheeling away a body in a body bag. My stomach drops, please let it not be him. I look above the little pond, that is in the middle of the park, and see a tree. I rope hangs off of it and I see a spot big enough for a head to fit in it. It's bard for me to breath right now. I see a video camera holder a little bit ahead of me. They recorded their suicide! I feel the slightest tap on the shoulder, I turn around to see a FBI agent standing behind me. "Mrs. Prior?" He states. "Yes?" I nod my head a little. Please don't be him! Please don't be him! "I'm sorry but the body was identified, it is him." He says. I never knew that some simple words could break someone's world into a million pieces. Everything inside me stops. No it can't be him, it isn't true! He isn't dead! My hands slaps over my mouth and tears start to form. I sit on a rock that was right by me and try to cry out his name but it doesn't come out. Caleb.
End of flashback My day was already bad with Sheridan but today is the day he died. They day Caleb died. I walk over to the spot where they found him. I feel the grass on my ankles, last time I was here was 3 years ago for a trip. I look up to see someone sit on the same rock that I did that day. I walk up and just stare at the water."Go away!" I hear the person say. I recognize the voice."Tobias?" I say gently."What do you want?" He says with anger. "I came to visit the park! And why are you mad at me?" I say with a normal tone."Because you ruined a relationship that lasted 5 years! Your the reason me and Sheridan broke up!" He yells with fiery. He stares in my eyes."She is the one who cheated on you!" "But you didn't have to tell me!" "So you would rather be in a relationship were she doesn't really love you!" He goes silent. "I didn't ruin you life! She did!" I stare at him but he looks at his feet."Why was I nice to you in the first place?" He mumbles under his breath. I laugh to myself."Be nice! You were torturing me! You always did things to piss me off and guess what! They worked!" I yell. He continues to look at the ground. "At least I'm not the kind of person that is mean one minute and nice the next!" I turn around to walk away. I've had enough of him today."At least I'm not the kinda person that doesn't tell anyone about their past!" He says. I stop I'm my path. A fire starts to burn inside of me. He took it way to far. Now he will get it. I turn around and glare at him."fine you want to know everything! Well here it goes! Every night my Dad beats the living crap out of me! Yep I'm one of those people! Ever since I was ten this has happened to me! One time about 3 years ago I was put into a coma!" I stop to take a breath. "He told everyone I was hit by a car but the truth was he pushed me into a parked car and I hit my head on the cement! A few months later my brother killed himself! He was the only person who I lover and he left me alone with a monster! After that he continued to hit me and I have been whipped and a few nights ago he held a knife to my throat!" I say. I have to take a few breaths and a few tears. His face is stern, expressionless, cold. "Why aren't you looking at me like I'm a kicked puppy or something?" I say while staring at him. I hate it when people act like I'm a kicked puppy. "Because your not!" He stands up and walks closer to me. "Your a normal kid who gets beat! Your a normal kid but your stronger!" He puts his hands on my shoulders. I'm speechless. "By the way! I was only mean to you so you wouldn't find out I like you!" He pulls away a strand of hair reveling the scar from the a coma incident. He leans down and kisses the scar. It felt so good to him to touch my skin, I felt loved. I come out of my thoughts and step back a little. "But you're older then me... Tobias," I say with a small gulp. (By the way in the story Tobias is older by 2 years! He was put into kindergarten 2 years late!) he stares at me a little, his blue eyes shining. "Yes, that whopping 2 year gap really is insurmountable, isn't it?" He says with a small smirk. He stares at me with a smile on my face. What is going to happen next? Just then he leans in and kisses me, hard. For some odd reason I kiss back. It feels right being in his arms. The kiss gets softer as we go. I feel safe and protected. We continue to kiss for a little bit longer before I pull away."you don't know how long I've been wanting to do that!" He says with a small laugh. I bite my lip a little."I got to go home..." I say but he looks at me."call me if you need me. Got it?" He says looking in my eyes. I nod my head and leave.
AUTHORS NOTE!I KNOW IT FINALLY HAPPENED! FOURTRIS FOREVER! COMMENT PLEASE!