
School was long and hard, I have to get used to it though. I open the door to see Luke (my Dad) sitting at the dinner table, reading the news paper. He looks up and me and half smiles. I run upstairs as fast as I can so I can avoid conversation. When I reach my room and I open the door and slam it behind me. My room is a nice shade of blue. My bed is maroon red and white. I walk over to my mirror and see the girl I hate the most. Myself. My hair is a dull shade of blonde and goes past my shoulders a little. My eyes are a ugly shade of blue with some grey that makes my eyes look ugly. I'm as pale as a vampire and I'm as flat as a board. I have a little curve in my hips but not enough for anyone to notice. I may be 18 but I look like a 12 year old girl. Behind me the door slams open and Luke stumbles in. He has a bottle of bud light in his hand and his eyes are blood shot. "How was school?" He asks with his harsh voice. "Good..." I say quickly. We sit in silence. He starts to wake over to me and pushes me against the wall. What did I do this time? Oh wait I remember I was breathing! "You didn't tell anyone did you?" His basically yells. His voice scares me like a little kid running away from thunder. I stay there standing expression less. Maybe if I stand here he will go away. He doesn't take my silence to a liking and slaps me across the face. I only get slapped on a good day, a normal day will him be punching me until I pass out. "Answer me!" He yells. "No I didn't!" I hiss at him. "Good because let me tell you something. If anyone told the cops, you would be dead and I would be out of the country by the time they get here! You understand?" He growls. "Perfectly clear if you ask me," I say with a smirk. He slaps me again and walks out if my room. I laugh in my head a little bit. I always replace pain with humor, thats the way I get through everything. I still cry myself to sleep every night though. When he told me what would happen if the cops found out, I believed every last word of it. I walk over to the bathroom and grab a damp washcloth to go over my face. My cheek smells like beer and that smell makes me throw up, no wonder I'm always sick. I go to my phone and see someone text me. (Text in bold)
Hey Six - C
Who is this? - S
Chris - C
Oh hey - S
Want to come over to Zekes later? We are playing a game! - C
Sure - S
Cool! Wear lots of layers! You'll thank me later - C
I set my phone down and go to my closet. I grab a white shirt, a black crop top, some jeans, and a leather jacket. I put them on and head to my door but I stop. Luke would never let me leave! I run over to my bed and set the pillows up to look like a person. I turn off the lights and sneak out the window. I look at a text Chris sent to me a little after we stopped talking. It says 2020 Faction road 78342. I start to walk all the way down to his house when a red pick up truck pulls up. I look to see who the driver is, Tobias. He starts to drive slow. "If you want me to get in the car I will, you don't have to lure me with candy!" I say with a smirk. He laughs a little to himself. "Wow your a real smart ass aren't you?" He says glaring at me. "What are you doing here?" I say loudly."Going to Zeke's party! I'm guessing you weren't invited?" He says smirking. "Actually I was!" I say in retaliation. He curses under his breath a little. "Well do you meed a ride?" He asks, I think this is the first polite thing he has sad to me. "Sur" i start but he drive away fast. "Snooze you loose!" He yells at the top of his lungs. "Jack" I start but the truck stops and reverses. He stops right about where I stand."Hey I heard what you were about to say!" He growls. He unlocks the door and I climb in. The front seat is taken my a duffle bag so I sit in the back row. He starts the car and floors it. I look forward and see street lights flashing before be. They remind me of a few years ago when I was in the hospital. I shake the memory out of my head and look out the window. The car comes to a halt and Tobias turns around. His face is stern and his blue eyes hypnotize me, like they try to make me believe he is a nice guy but I know he isn't."Get out..." He says in a low raspy voice. I roll my eyes and get out, he's such a 'gentleman'. I walk side by side with him before he sticks his foot out and trips me. I land on my face on the cold concrete. The pain from the slap from earlier comes rushing back. I look up at Tobias who is already inside. I get up slowly and brush myself off. I walk inside to a chorus of hey's and whats up's. Maybe I'll fit in here?