
TobiasTris and I walk hand and hand on a cement path leading to a nice cherry blossom tree. I look over to her and I can tell she is smiling, God her smile! Her smile lights up my world. We stop at the biggest cherry tree, Tris's face goes from happy to confused. "What are we doing?" She asks making her voice go from high to medium. "We're gonna climb it!" I say with a smile. Tris brings one arm up and grabs a branch, but She struggles to get a grasp with her other hand. "You need help?" I ask grabbing her waist. She turns her head slightly so it is facing me. "I got it!" She says with a sigh. I know she's got it, she is strong and i know she can do it. She pulls herself up the branch, like doing a pull up but with only one arm. It amazes me sometimes how strong she is! After she shuffle a bit so she's sitting on the branch, I get up so. After moving around a little bit, i sit right by Tris. I look at her and she stares back, god she is beautiful! Why doesn't she think that? For the past hour I've been trying to fandom what i want to say. It is a hard subject for me! She smiles at me and continues to. "So Tris... We need to talk," I say with a gentle voice. Her smile slowly fades away and turns into a pissed off look."Oh My God Tobias! I can't believe your doing this to me! You made me climb up this damn tree to break up with me!" She yells."No! No! Not that!" I say trying to reassure her that I'm not breaking up with her. She slowly nods her head for me to continue."I was going to say... Will you go to the dance with me?" I ask quietly. Her smile starts to come back."Of course i will!" She says while wrapping her arms around my neck. I smile at the hug. Then something comes to mind and i don't deny it for a second."I love you," I whisper into her ear. She pulls away with a even bugger smile."I... Love you too!" She says with a small giggle. I can't help it but lean in and kiss her. Her mouth fits perfectly with my mouth, we kiss for about a few minutes before she pulls away. "I got to go home," she says while bitting her lip. No she can't go to that stupid hell hole! I swear if he even touches her, i will beat the living shit out of him with his own belt. I shake my head."If he does anything call me, okay?" I say with a harsh tone. She hasn't really said anything about Luke lately, so i don't know if he has stopped or she's isn't telling me. She nods her head slowly and gets slides off of the branch. She starts to head the directing of her house but she turns her head back and smiles. God i love her.