
"I'm Tris Prior and this is my suicide note," I say to the camera in my laptop. "If you are wondering why would she kill herself? She had a perfect life, Well your dead wrong. I have been blamed for my brothers suicide, broken up with my boyfriend of cheating, and i've been beat! I had a great life until i was 6, when my parents and my longer brother died in a reck. My mother was rushed to the hospital and she said her dying wish was that Caleb and I wouldn't be separated in adaption. So we went to many family until we were put with Lucas Anderson. He would always hit me or whip me with a belt but not Caleb. He looked at him like a angel and me like a devil. A year later i hit my head and slipped into a come. When i woke up i blew up at Caleb about how he wan't there for me, a week later he killed himself because of it!" I choke on the words 'killed himself'. "I moved to a different school in the district and then i met someone, a boy named Tobias Eaton. He changed my life forever! One night at a dance i was putting away a coat and someone pulled me in and started to kiss me. Tobias found me kissing him and he broke up with me. The next week after that my brothers Suicide Note Video was shown to the whole school, everyone blamed me for his death. Now I'm here ranting on! After all of this i felt like i was going further and further from a happy ending. I always believed that god made me by mistake and i guess now i know it is true!" Tears starts to swell up in my eyes but i don't cry, i need to stay strong. "I can't live like this anymore, the guilt has eaten me alive! I'm broken and no one can put me back together! I'm not killing myself so i don't get hurt, I'm killing myself so others don't get hurt! Every time someone get close to me, they rather get hurt or killed! My dying wish is that nobody that i love gets hurt. Know here is a message to the people watching this. If you ever loved me I'm sorry that i left but also thank you for caring for me. If your a cop, sorry for wasting your time watching this stupid video. If your Luke, hope you have fun in Jail! Hope you dir in hell you bastard! Anyways tomorrow i will go to school and say goodbye to the people i care about, even if they hate me. Then when i get home i will leave!" My mind flashed to a poem Tobias read to me once. "Here is a poem that Tobias Eaton told me once. I know I'm leaving but my love for you stays because I'm never really gone until you say I may," Tears stroll down my face and i turn off the camera. Tomorrow i will face them and say goodbye. Tomorrow is my last day.