
TrisI finally have the chance to separate from the other person to see who moved the coats. My heart sinks when i see the person who moved them. I look at the kisser and see Peter smiling like a idiot. I look back at Tobias who has a angry look on his face."Six?" He mumbles. The way his voice sounds kills me. A mix of anger and sadness. I shake my head."It is not what it looks like!" I say while shaking my head."Oh really it looks like my girlfriend kissing a shirtless Peter!" He yells. I stand up to look at him but his eyes still scold m, the way Luke's do. His hands turn to fists and he storms off. I go with my instinct and i tub after them. He makes his way to the exit. "Tobias!" I yell. Everyone turns to look at me including Tobias. "What!" He yells. All attention comes to us, but honestly i don't give a damn. "Please let me explain!" I say with tears forming in my eyes. "i can't loose you!" "You should have thought about that before you ran off and kissed him!" He says. It feels like someone took a knife and stabbed me right in the heart. He turns to walk off and leaves me there, alone in front of everyone. He broke up with me because Peter mouth raped me in a coat closet! Just when i thought my night couldn't get worst, Tobias and I's song, All Of Me by John Legend, plays all across the gym. Everything in my body demands for me to have something good turn out tonight, but nothing does. Why does life do this to people, i guess the one's who deserve crap, get exactly that. I've always hated the saying 'when life gives you lemons, make lemonade.' Well unless life gives us sugar and water then we can't make that damn lemonade! I can't have anything good in my life if life doesn't give me anything to start with. I crumble to my knee's and cry to myself. I guess this is what my life is supposed to be, crappy lemonade. I feel the room spine around me as all these bad thoughts devour my mind. This is were my demons take over and kill the angels, but the thing is... I've never had angels. My eyes feel heavy and in a quick second, my body slumps to the ground. I guess I couldn't handle the pain. •••After i woke up i was in the nurses office and i was there for a hour asking how i felt. I remembered how when ever i was i. The hospital, nurses would ask 'on a scale to One to Ten how bad is my pain, i never said Ten because i knew i had to save it for something, and now it is the day i use my Ten. (Tfios reference) After i was done, a teacher drove me home. Now i sit in my room with my own pity, god I'm pathetic! All those times when Luke would call me that, I believe him but I didn't fully know if it was the truth, now i know it is. In the last 30 minutes i have been getting text from people I don't know and sone of my friends asking me why i did this to Tobias. I ended up throwing my phone across the room, having it smash into pieces like my heart. It's all my fault. •••On Monday the next week, I walk through the hallway with glares being shot at me left and right, does everyone know? I open up my locker to get my math book, but instead about 12 notes fall out, who wrote these? I kneel down and unfold one of them. It says 'hope you have fun in hell, cuz thats where your going - Jess' I roll my eyes as i read the others. Everyone is taking Tobias's side but no one knows the truth, that Peter grabbed me. The rest of the day was as easy as riding a bike... and the bike is on fire... And everything is on fire because your in hell. •••I walk out of my 5th period, finally i have my free period! Everyone has been whispering my name with cuss words and calling me a slut intact. I feel like i want to ip out my hair with how much crap I'm going through. I sit on the cold grass, plug in my earbuds and listen to Fall Out Boy. I hear footsteps get closer, i can tell someone sit by me but i don't know who, my eyes are closed. "So i heard what happened," The voice says, it it Chris. "Yep apparently I'm a slut!" I say with a short laugh. Before Tobias i had never had a boyfriend and now I'm a slut. "Well you kinda are," she says harshly. I sit up and look at her. "You have to be joking!" I say shaking my head. She better be joking, i can't have my best friend hate me. "No I'm not! You were hooking up with Peter when you were dating Tobias!" Chris says again with a harsh tone. "He kissed me!" I yell. "Bull shit!" She snaps."Wow even my best friend is a ass!" I say as i get up and walk away. I can't even believe that she thinks i kissed him. I keep walking trying to think it over in my mind. I feel some hands come and squeeze my ass and i already know who it is. I turn around and snatch his arm, and twist it behind his back. It is Peter like i thought it would be. "You're the reason that I'm being called a slut! You are the reason Tobias and I aren't together!" I say/yell. I can hear him cussing through his teeth, I'm hurting him but i don't care because he hurt me first. "No Six, your the reason!" I hear someone say behind me, Tobias. My heart sinks into a deep pit. I know it is my fault but I'm blaming it on someone else so i can at least have something good in my life. I let go of Peter's arm and turn towards Tobias. His face is stern but his eyes look angry, almost sad. Tears start to form in my eyes at the sight of him. "Tobias I'm sorry... I" i start but tears make me sound like I'm just mumbling. I can't handle it anymore and i run away. I need to go somewhere were no one will find me. I run to the graveyard which is about 5 minutes by foot away from the school. I know which one's I'm going to. My family.