
My eyes flutter open to a bright light. Is this the after life? Or am I re- born again? I look around and find myself in my room. I thought i was dead? I feel pain, everywhere. I slowly move my hand to the place i was stabbed, I feel nothing! No blood, no cut, nothing! I lift my hand to my cheek and i feel a cut. I must have passed out and had a dream or something, it is the only thing to explain why there is no stab mark. So many thoughts swirl around my mind but one is standing out. What will the school think? I slowly stand up and walk to my mirror. When I see myself i cringe, I'm really ugly! I look at my cheek and see a cut, small but noticeable. Crap! How am I going to cover that up! I look at the time and notice, I have 2 more hours until school. I let out a short breath that I didn't know I was holding. I run to my makeup stand and find as many things as i can. Powder concealer, liquid concealer, skin tone eye shadow, and some blush. I quickly put them all on. At the end i have some light pink eyeshadow and some They make a difference, I hope nobody notices though or I'll be over. I run over to my closet and put on a pink crop top with a black Nike symbol across it, a pair of shorts that barely go past my finger tips, a long sleeved jean jacket (so no one will see the scars), and some purple converse. I grab my backpack and head down stairs. Luke goes to work about 5:30 so I'm good to go! By the time I finish my breakfast, it is time to leave. I walk outside to the garage and out in the code. 4610. When the door opens see my motorbike.
Flashback "Caleb! What if Luke finds out?" I whine as his hands cover my eyes. "Well then he will have to deal with it!" He says with a laugh. I smile a little, what did he get me? "Okay Tris! Here it is! Happy birthday" he says while removing his hands. My eyes grow wide when i see whats before me. A black and purple motorcycle parked in front of me. I gasp at the sight. "Wh- where did you get the money to get this?" I ask but stutter a bit."I picked up a extra shift at the dinner!" He says with a smile. I don't know what to say, I'm speechless. I turn to hug him, he gladly take my embrace and we stand there. I love him to death! End of flashback
I sit down on the comfy leather seat and put the key in. I hear the engine purr as i put my helmet on. i start to go to the school. I feel the wind in my hair as I flash by anything. I have a few questions though. Is my cheek okay? Will anyone notice? But the biggest one of all is, where are Tobias and I now? Does Tobias want a relationship or was it out of pity? Why would he even like me! I'm ugly? It came like a slap in the face, it was out of pity! I see multiple color go by as i turn left and right. I finally get to the school and all eyes are on me. I park in my normal spot and get off. I can see that everyones jaws are on the floor, just to add a little something i take off my helmet and shake my blonde hair around. Everyone looks at me, probably because I was on the bike. I start to walk my way to the school. I finally see Uriah, Zeke, and Tobias in a line with there jaws coming loose. I turn towards Tobias, i put my hand on his chin and close his mouth. I come up to his ear and whisper,"You may want to close your mouth or you'll catch fly's!" I say with a hot breath. I start to walk away when i hear Uriah mumble something."Hot!" His jaw is still open and then Tobias slaps his arm. "She's mine!" Tobias says. I'm not his! I he kissed me out of pity! I walk into the school, here I go!