
TobiasWhy did I do that! Out of all the stupid things I've done, which is a lot, that was the stupidest! Six wakes in like nothing happened! She wears a white tank top and a black crop top. She has some skinny jeans and a leather jacket. She sits in the small circle like the rest of us. She looks beautiful. I don't like the word hot because it sound like a player word. She sits with her legs tucked behind her her hands held together. "We are going to play a fun little game called Truth or Dare, you guys probably know how to play but then penalty is if you you don't take the challenge, you have to take off a article of clothing! And Uri if you even mention Pansycake, I will kill you!" Zeke says with a devilish smile. "Uri, T or D?" Uriah thinks a little. "Dare!" He says. "I dare you to kiss the girl you like the most in this room," Zeke spits. Uriah gets up and walks toward Six, I stiff up after a few steps. He can't like Six! It's not like I like but still. He leans down and kisses Marlene who is right next to her. I let out the breath I never knew I had. He walks back to his spot with a smile plastered across his face. "Six!" Uri blurts."Dare," She states loudly. "I dare you to slap the person you hate most here!" He says with enjoyment. Six's eyes go directly towards me. She stands up without hesitation and walks straight in my direction. Crap! She kneels down beside me and gives me a hard slap across the face. My hand automatically goes to my cheek were it hurt. She comes in closer so her mouth is right by me ear. "That was for tripping me!" She whispers that gives me chills up and down my spine. She sits down with a small smile next to Chris. I glare at her a little, I just begin to realize that everyone is silent. I stop staring and Six speaks. "Chris?" She says quietly. "T!" She says with a happy voice while Uriah rolls his eyes. "Who's your best friend?" She says with a devilish smile. "i would say all of you but if I had to pick one it would be Six!" She says quietly. Six and Chris hug, while Uriah does something evil. "*cough* *cough* kiss!" He says into his arm. The girls glare at Uri and Chris throws a shoe at him which misses by a long shot. He laugh to himself a little and then everyone joins. •••SixI unlock the front door and try to sneak in but that is not going to work when Luke has eyes like a hawk. Maybe I will get away with it tonight! I walk upstairs to my bedroom and turn on the light to see Luke standing there with a belt in his hand. My eyes grow wide. "where were you?" He demands in a quiet voice. "I went for a run..." I say while biting my lip. I knew it was a lie and so did he. "We both know that mot where you were!" He yells. His eyes used to be green I believe but now they are always green but blood shot. He points to my mattress telling me to get into position. I groan at the thought and lay down bringing up my tank top to my bra line. I take a deep breath in, preparing for the pain that will come soon. Why does this have to be my life! The belt comes slapping down on my bare skin. I try not to scream at the pain but I can't, it is unbearable. I scream at the top of my lungs. "Please stop!" I scream. I can spell the sent of my burning flesh and blood. The belt keeps coming and coming! I scream into the night as the belt slaps me every time I scream. The neighbors have never heard me scream, it is like I'm yelling but nothing comes out. The belt finally stops coming at my skin which now has blood all over it. "You will never do that again!" He yells at the top of his lung. I nod my bead while wiping away the tears. He finally leaves me, alone in my room. I get up and I can just tell there is blood dripping onto the hard wood floor. I pull my shirt down but that makes at pain worst and my shirt is now stained. I walk out of my room and into the bathroom. I undress and get into the shower. I'm prepared for the pain that will come when the water hits my back. I set a blue washcloth in my mouth so I have something to bite onto. I turn on the water and scream but nothing comes out. The water washes away all the blood from my back. Why does this life belong to me? Why was I put with Luke? Why am I alive?