
TrisFor the past few weeks Luke has been okay, he has slapped me a few times but that is as far as it goes. I open the door to see no one in the house. Yes! I walk to the kitchen and see a note connected to the fridge. I read aloud since there is no one around. 'I we t on another business trip, same rules as last time and no one over! Be back in a week - Luke.' I crumple up the note and shoot it like a basketball. I pull out mu phone from my pocket and text Chris.
Hey - 6Whats up - CTobias asked me to the dance! - 6OMG!!!! Are you going? - CI guess... - 6OMG!!!!!!! LETS GO SHOPPING TOMORROW!!!!! - CDeal - 6
I turn off my phone and walk upstairs to my bedroom and lay down. My plan is to sleep the rest of the night. Thats exactly what I do.- Page Break-I hear a slight knock on the door and i run down stairs. I open the door a smiling Chris who i may add, is jumping up and down. "Love your outfit!" She squeals. I wear a bright blue blouse, some dark blue jeans, my hair is in a ponytail, and i wear some sunglasses. I smile at her comment and close the door behind me. I walk over to the driveway and see my red Corvette. Chris's jaw drops to the ground when she notices it is my car."Yeah I'm kinda rich," I mumble as i get in. "Kinda!" She says under her breath. We get in and set off to the mall. When we get there we go into a place that is called Dauntless Boutique. "OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Chris squeals at a high pitch voice. I walk over to her and she is holding a pink dress with a diamond belt in the middle and the bottom is a bunch of ruffles. "It is perfect!!!" She's jumping up and down now. "Umm pink isn't my color!" I say with a short laugh."I meant for me!" She says rolling her eyes. I laugh at her remark as she walks away. I walk around the store trying to find the perfect dress but i don't see nothing. I stop by the dress room and Chris walks out, looking flawless as ever. "You look beautiful!" I say while going in for a hug. "Thank you! I think this is the one!" She says with a large smile. She back unto the dressing room and takes it off and goes on a hunt for me. Still can't find any dress that will blow me away. Chris comes running by me with another dress. "Go try it on!" She says excitingly. I look at the dress a little more. It is light blue, a sweetheart neckline dress, goes to about mid thigh, the top is bedazzled and bottom is ruffled. I roll my eyes and grab it, i make my way to the dressing room and go into a small one. I put it on and it looks nice on my skin. It makes my skin a little tanner and also my eyes look more gray then blue. I actually like the dress! I walk out to see Chris's jaw on the floor, i laugh at her facial reaction."I didn't think you would look that good in it!" She mumbles under her breath. I smile and spin around. "You think Tobias will like it?" I ask gently. She nods quickly. After i get home, the rest of the week was a blur.