
3 weeks later!"OMG!!!!!!!!!" Chris screams while jumping up and down. I roll my eyes at what Chris is pointing to, why is this so important to her? Uriah runs over with a worried look on his face. "What's going on!" Uriah says painting a little. I glare at Chris."She's freaking out about the spring formal!" I groan while rolling my eyes. A stupid dance isn't that important! "It is this Friday! We need to go shopping!" She squeals. No! I'm not going! I hate dances! They suck! "I'm not going shopping because I'm not going!" I say turning around. Chris grabs my arm and pulls me towards her. "your going!" Uriah and Chris say in unison.I clap my hands together and stare at then both."There is a better chance that Sheridan and I become best friends!" I says with sarcasm. Uriah and Chris look at each other."Haha very funny!" They says in unison again. I shake my head."Let me try to get this through you brain! N-O!" I say loudly. After i say that i feel two strong hands on my waist. "N-O what?" The person asks. Tobias. I turn around and give him a quick kiss."Nothing," i say while starring back at them. They just smile away, those two always get on my nerves! Tobias and I start to walk away when i hear something. "Think about it!" Chris and Uri yell again in unison! God sometimes i think they have the same mind! We walk down the hallway a little bit when he stops in front of my class."So after school do you want to go to the park? Take a walk?" He asks, smiling at me. "Of course! It's a date!" I say. I give him a quick pec on the cheek. I walk into my classroom. -Page Break- I stand by my locker and get my literature book out. I can't wait until my date with Tobias tonight, It is going to be great. Nothing can bring me down! My catch the attention of a hand that flashes right by and hits the locker next to me. I can't help but jump at the noise. All of a sudden another hand slaps the locker on the other side of me. I'm trapped. I rotate so I'm facing the person who trapped me. I see the face of Peter smirking. I hate him so much! Ever since i came here he has had a crush on me, he is always trying to hit on me but i always reject him. "Hey there six!" He hisses. I freeze when his breath goes on my neck. it scares me, his voice, it makes me shake in my shoes. "Hey Peter," i stutter. He's never done anything to me, but sometimes I'm afraid he will. His hand lowers a little and grazes my upper thigh. I don't move at all. 'will be alright' i play over and over again. "i like your outfit! It is nice and tight," he whispers in my ear. I have a light pink dress on that goes to my mid thigh and has a sweetheart neckline, it also has spaghetti straps. Oh right now all i want to do is bring up my knee and hit him right in the groin, but i can't do that yet. His hand travels back to my arm and he holds it there. "You know your a little stiff! Guess what else is, my..." He starts but something, someone interrupts him. "I wouldn't finish that sentence if I where you" i turn my head a little to the right and see the night in shining armor himself, Tobias. He walks closer and grabs Peter, his shirt in his fist. "Touch her again and the only thing that will be stiff is your dead body," Tobias growls. His face is stern, so are his eyes. Tobias is a very strong person, very intimidating. Tobias lets go of his shirt. Peter smirks as he walks away, content of what he did. Tobias turns to me me with worried eyes."Are you alright? Did he do anything?" He says while grabbing my shoulders. "Yeah I'm fine, and no he didn't," i say looking at his deep eyes. They are so beautiful and so captivating. He nods his head a little and looks at me with a smile."Were still on for tonight?" He asks with a little happiness in his voice. I nod my head with a smile. I'm still very excited!