
Tobias"No! Belongs with six!" Uriah whines to Zeke. Are they talking about Tris and I? I walk up behind and surprise him."What about Six and I?" I ask with a laugh.Uriah freezes and turns around. "Nothing... What... Pff... Who's that!" He stutters. He points to someone parking. A girl gets off of her motorcycle! It is black and purple. The girl wears pink crop top with a black nike symbol across it. She has blue, jeans shorts that go past her fingertips. She also has a long jean jacket on. The girl takes her helmet off and shakes her hair around and I finally notice who it is. Tris! Everyone's jaws drop at the sight of her. Most of the guys are looking at her bike, but I'm looking at her. God she is beautiful! And she's mine! Tris walks up swaying her hips, probably without notice. All eyes are on her! I get a little jealous at all the people staring at her. She walk up to me and stops. She slowly leans by my ear which gives me goosebumps up and down my arms."She's mine!" I growl at him. Both Zeke and Uriah stare at me wide eyed. "What?! Do you like Six!" Zeke says with a smirk. "No... Maybe... I don't know!... Get off my back!" I say while fumbling with fingers. I walk away trying to catch up with Tris but she is so far in the crowd it is hard to see her. I make my way through the crowd and finally get in the building. My eyes search around the room for her. Then my vision gets blocked by the one and only Sheridan! "Hey honey!" She says while twirling her hair. She leans in to kiss me on the cheek but I hold her back."What do you want!" I say rolling my eyes."I wanted to say hi to my boyfriend!" She giggles. Her laugh always annoyed me."We aren't dating!" I point out."Come on! Your not serious! Right?" "So serious!" I say mocking her. I walk right past her. But I know that won't be the last time I see her. I search for her everywhere but I can't find her! I give up, I'm never gonna find her through the ocean of people. Right then I see a girl with shinny blind hair go to a locker, Tris's locker. I run over and lean against another locker, i think it is a kids named Peter? I smile a little but Tris rolls her eyes. "How are you?" I say with a smile plastered across my face."Okay?" She answers but it sounds more like a question. She starts to walk off and I follow. I stand right by her and the silence fills the gap between us. Why isn't she saying anything? She is my girlfriend! Maybe if I grab her hand she will finally open up. I slowly inch my hand closer to hers. I grab her hand in a fast motion and i start to smile. She stops in her track. She quickly pulls her hand away, "Whats wro-" i start. she brings the hand i grabbed up and slaps me hard across the face, probably leaving a red mark. She marches away and now all eyes are on me. I hear whispers fill the hallway. What just happened? What did i do? _Page Break-I walk into the lunch room and head straight to my normal table. I see Tris in her normal spot, talking to Chris. I stand up straight and walk over to the table. Tris looks up at me and rolls her eyes slightly. "Six? Can I talk to you?" I say roughly and with a stern face. She dreadfully nods a little and gets up following me out to the hallway. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Tris"What do you want?" i say harshly."Why did you slap me?" He says staring at me. "I don't know maybe it was because you grabbed my hand!" I say while stroking my chin."So you slapped me because I grabbed your hand! I thought you liked me!" He says harshly, his voice is low a deep. It's sexy!"Yeah i do like you, And i thought you liked me! But the. It hit me! You kissed me out of pity! I should've known that a guy like you would never like me!" I say loudly! There is no one in the hallway to hear us thankfully."What is that supposed to mean?" He growls. "Your to cool to kiss a girl at my level in the popularity chain! You kissed me out of pity!" I basically yell."I kissed you because I like you!" He yell with a rough voice. "You know the thing i hate more then pity? Lying!" I say. I turn around to go back into the lunch room but Tobias grabs my wrist, tightly. I turn around giving him a death glare. He squeezes tighter and i grit my teeth. "Your squeezing to tight!" I say quietly. He lets go of his grip but grabs my waist to pull me closer. I stumble a little but I'm a few inches away from him. I want to close the space but I can't. He gently puts his hand on my bad cheek."I'm. Not. Lying." Ge says quietly. He slides his hand away from my cheek and he looks at me weird. He holds up one of his fingers and i see a tiny bit of blood. Crap!"Did he do this to you?" He says with a breath. I look down at my shoes and step away from him. "Did he do this to you!" His voice is louder now. I feel ashamed. I slowly shake my head and lift my head up to look at him. "A vase that was on a high shelf fell and it broke. I got scratched, thats all!" I say. He looks at the ground and shakes his head. He knows I'm lying."If you hate lying, then why do you do it so much?" He mumbles. That hits me hard, why do I lie so much? He walks away while running into my shoulder. Great he probably hates me again.