
Night of danceI put on the dress admiring it in the mirror. God today will be a great night. I can't believe that tonight is the dance, I would have never though that today is the day that i would wear a dress. I'm happy because tomorrow Luke comes back so I'll get my mind off of things. I walk over to my make stand and put on nude lipstick, and smokey eye. I have never really been in love with makeup but tonight i want to look good for Tobias. I hear a knock on the door downstairs. I put on my shoes which are blue heels (Chris's choice) and walk down stairs. I open the door to Tobias wearing a nice black tux, with a blue tie. He is holding a rose. His eyes grow wide at the sight off me. "You...you... You look great!" He stutters a bit, while looking at me."Not so bad at yourself!" I say with a smile. He pulls his hand out for me to grab it. I grab it and walk out of the house, I look to see a limo parked in the road. I smile as he walks me towards it. He opens the door for me like a gentleman, i give him a quick kiss to thank him. I sit down on the nice cool leather seats and wait for Tobias to sit down also. He sits down while closing the door behind him and grabs my hand. "I love you!" I whisper in his ear. He smiles a little at my comment. "I love you too... Tris," He says with a raspy voice, god his voice is sexy! I kiss him lightly and not for long, i don't want the driver to notice. "So what are you excited about?" I ask him. "Everyone seeing how beautiful you are!" He says. I smile and nuzzle my head under his. I'm so lucky to have him in my life! After about 5 minutes of sitting there enjoying each others company, we arrive at the school. Tobias steps out first and holds his hand out, to help me. I gladly take his hand and step out. I look at the giant banner that swings above us. 'Night under the stars of paris' it reads. It is a typical theme for a dance but it sounds more romantic. Out hands clasped together we walk in with all eye on us. I got a lot more popular because of dating Tobias, and honestly i don't like that. I want to get popular because of what of my personality, not of my actions. The song that plays is See You Again by Wiz Khalifa ft. Charlie Puth, but i can tell it is almost over. We walk over to a spot so me and Tobias can dance. Right when we stop, the song is over and it is on to the next one. It is Lean On so everyone starts to dance like they would at a party. Uriah and Marlene make there way over to us, i can tell they are laughing like maniacs. "Damn! I guess Marlene isn't the only hot girl at the dance!" Uriah says while starring at me. Marlene laughs and Tobias hits him. "Hey watch it!" He growls. I laugh a little to and start to dance. For the first time tonight I actually take the time to look at the decorations. There is a giant Eiffel Tower on stage, lights that look like stars dangling in every direction. It looks beautiful. The song Thinking Out Loud comes on and everyone finds a partner. Tobias pulls me close so my face is on his shoulder. Because of the heels, I'm a little taller now so i can rest on his shoulder. "How are you?" Tobias whispers into my ear."Fine! Why dl you ask?" I reply."well the other day you said that tonight was Caleb's birthday," his words hit me like a knife. I totally forgot about today."Yeah! It's not that it is his birthday, it's what i watched on his birthday." I say with a gentle voice. He pulls away from me with worried eyes. I need to tell him, what happened. "Umm... Instead of a suicide note, he left a video. And the stupid person i am, i watched the video on his birthday," I look down at my feet, it is all my fault he is dead! I feel some warn fingers pull up my chin, so i look at his face. "It's okay!" He whispers. I nod and place my head where it was before, on his shoulder. •••"I'm gonna get some punch!" I yell over the loud music. Chris and Will stopped by about 5 minutes ago, so I'm talking to Chris. "Hey the jacket area is by the punch, can you put it away?" She yells. I nod as i grab her jacket. I turn around and make my way through the sea of people. I decide to go to the Jacket drop off closet first, and then go get my punch. Her jacket is a silk pink that barley goes to her elbows. I find a coat hanger and hang it up. As i put it up i feel something wrap around my arm and pull me in. I almost scream but a hand slaps around it. What is going on? Is the first thought that comes to mind. I fall two my knee's in empty blackness. "What the fu-" i start but i get cut off by lips crashing into mine. I get caught off guard and fall back a little. The person's tongue goes into my mouth. I try to pull back but there hands grab my head so i can't move. Thoughts swirl around in my mind as he keeps kissing me. I can't see a face so i can't see who it is sadly. I start to feel fabric come up across my face and then the person kisses me harder. I feel someones bare chest come against my shoulders. I keep trying to pull away but i can't, i can't. His tongue goes even further down my throat. I quickly bite his tongue as hard as i can, until i taste blood. The person groans through his teeth and kisses me again. I can feel his hand going up my dress a little until i slap it away, but his hand keeps going up. Then the coats move reveling someone. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Tobias"So you really do love her don't you? Zeke says slapping my back. I nod my head and take a drink if punch. "I thought she was going to be a rebound or something!" He laughs a little and i punch his shoulder. "I'm not that kinda guy, i guess!" I say while i shrug. "Oh really! 2 years ago! Lauren! You and Sheridan broke up for a week and then you two hooked up and then you got back together with Sheridan!" He proves to me. "I was 18!" I laugh. "Yeah and now your 20 in high school!" He laughs. "Okay we both know i was out into kindergarten late! So were you!" I remind him. I look over to my right and see a very worried Chris run up to us."Do you know were Six is?" Chris says while looking from me to Zeke and repeating. "nope," i say popping the 'P'. "Whats wrong?" "Well she went to put away my coat and get a drink but i never saw her after that," She says. I get a little worried. "Okay I look over by the drinks, Chris you look by the bathroom, and Tobias look by the coats!" Zeke says. We all go our separate ways, i make my way towards the coats while bumping into a bunch of people. Where ever Tris is i'll find her. I walk over near the coats when i hear something, what the hell is that. I position my hands so i can move all the coats in different directions. When i do i see two people full on making out. Then one of their faces comes into the light. Tris? I notice the other person, a male, is shirtless. My heart shatters into a million pieces. Thoughts and emotions drowned my mind in a matter of seconds."Six?" I say.