
I open the door quietly and look around. Finally the devil is gone! I set my bag on the counter and walk to the fridge. I see a piece of paper it is from Luke. It says 'Tris! I will be back for a week! If you do anything bad there will be a punishment! Make your self breakfast and the fridge better be stalked by the time i get back. - from your loving father Luke' i roll my eyes at the note and throw it in the trash. He is trying to write a nice note because if there is a chance i rat him out to the cops, the note won't say anything. I hear a slight knock on the door, who the hell is here? I walk over and open the door. Standing proud, and tall is Tobias. "Can i come in?" He says while rubbing the back of his neck. I think about it a little and nod. He walks in a closes the door behind him. He turns around and smiles slightly. God his smile! His smile is beautiful, i could write a 5 page essay about his smile but I'm to lazy. "So this is your house? He says while looking around. "Yeah... So why are you here?" I ask, i put my hands in my pockets and stare at him."I just want you to know I'm not mad at you!" He says while shaking his head. I stand there, i wish I would've known that earlier! I have beaten myself up about it all day! He walks over and hugs me. When his strong arms wrap around me, i oddly feel safe, like he's protecting me. "I have a follow up question... Why do you even like me?" I start but he interrupts me and pulls away from the hug. "I like you because your different, I liked how you didn't throw yourself at me. I like your personality." He says staring at me."But just look at me! I'm pale, flat, small! I'm ugly!" I say with a few tears strolling down my face. He uses his thumb to wipe away the tears."Your beautiful! I don't know where you got the idea that i need a tall, tan, big chested girl but you shouldn't be listening to them!" He says while smiling."Then what was Sheridan? She was tall, pretty, big chested! What wasn't she?" I say shaking my head. His last girlfriend was the total opposite of me. "She. Wasn't. You." He says while starring at me. His deep blue eyes search mine for a reaction. I lean in and kiss him hard. Surprisingly he kisses back! We fall deep into the kiss, if i could freeze time, this is would be it. I would stay like this forever. I have to admit, i think i'm falling for Tobias. He pulls away for an second and looks at me."Will you be my girlfriend?" He say. I bite my lip slightly and nod.
Page Break
Tobias car stops in his normal parking spot, in front of school. He gets out and I already see girls drooling over him, it kinda makes me jealous. He walks over to my door and opens it. I still sit there, should i get out? Should everyone know? I see a hand that reaches out i look at Tobias and his hand is out. I gladly take his hand get out. The girls dream eyes went to death stares when i get out of the car. Tobias smiles at me and walks me into the building. Time to tell everyone! Right when the door opens, all eyes are on us. What are we going to do know? Tobias's arms drapes over my shoulder and he starts walking. In the crowd i see a mixture of smiles and glares. I pass Chris and Uriah who are totally freaking out. I laugh to myself a little.
Page Break
This is the first time today that Tobias and I walk down the hall together. I hold on to my math book as I walk. I just came from my math class and I didn't have enough time to put it away. I see someone with a angry face walking through the hall, pushing everyone in her way. Sheridan. She stops right in front of me and glares."So your dating Tobias huh?" She says harshly. I nod my head. "Well he is going to break up with you! Your just a rebound!" She glares at me."I would rather be the rebound then get dumped by him!" I say stroking my chin. She gives me a death stare."Well I'll dig up something to show that he is stupid to even see anything in a girl like you!" She says stepping closer to me. "Btw if i could name your style i would call it 'What Were You Thinking?'" She says. I wear a grey crop top that says queen and a black high waist top. "Really because i was just about to write that on Eric!" I say. I start to walk away while bumping into her shoulder.