
I search for medicine. Painkillers mainly. But every time I move I feel the glass twist. A burning sensation washes over me and I hear the glass drop on the floor. I grab a hand held mirror and face away from the mirror mounted on the wall and check my wounds. What I saw shocked me my back skin shifted over the wounds and healed completely. This is what he ment by heal? Yes dumfuck, I'm down at the end of the hall I'll lead you to the others now get me out of here.You think you would be a little more grateful. And once I found you will you stay out my head please.Yeah, yeah just get me out.I start walking to the end of the hall and the door opens for me. In the room was everything that was in mine a desk with a console a glass container with a man inside. I get on the console. Tap on the holographic screen a few times and the glass separated into five pieces and slid into the ground.the fluid properly drained and the tube retracted. He landed on his feet and opened his eyes he took off the mask stepped off the platform. His hand reached for mine. My hand took his and shook it.
"What shall we call our selves?" I ponder.
"Um," he sat there and slaped his wet foot on the ground "I'll call my self T.K. what about you?"
"Kane, that sounds familiar to me." Me and T.K. hear a screech down the hall. Instinctively we sprint towards the sound. We see a girl on the ground with glass in her side. I kneel beside her and grab her hand. The glass in her side pushes itself out and the separated tissues piece themselves together. new skin grows over now healed muscle but another hole appears squirting out fluid from her lungs then that hole closed. As if strings were attached to her appendages she gets lifted of the ground by an invisible force and was rested on her two feet. Whew, she's a good looker.
"Who, are you?" She inquired
"I'm T.K. this here is Kane. We can't remember who we are so we made up names. Do you know what your name is?" She shakes her head "well you can make up one if you would like."
"Kelley," she pauses. "I can't remember. I can't remember who I am."
"None of us can," T.K. replied
"T.K. can you tell us where the others are?" I ask
"I can show you but I can't tell you" I give T.K. a quizzical look "its like I now exactly where they are in space and time but not the space around them."
"Can you give us that then the same way you spoke to me?"
"I can certainly try but no guarantees." He close his eyes and my ears started to ring, ever so slightly getting loader and loader, then the image popped up in my head. Like little flames suspended in air the lights were peoples nervous system. Every light suddenly changed color. "The blue ones are the awake ones, the green ones are the ones still asleep. I'm going to get the awake ones and you two can wake the ones asleep."