
Tris"I'm Caleb Prior and this is my suicide note," Caleb in the video says. My heart breaks, who found this? I have been trying to get the video out of my head, but know everything comes rushing back. "I have been feeling depressed for a while now and i need to do this. I want to say I'm sorry to everyone I'm leaving behind... I just couldn't handle it anymore!" I know every single word from this, I've watched this a million times, i can recite the words. "When my sister, Tris Prior, woke up" everyone stares at me, they didn't know my first name but they knew my last when i came here, now they know my full name. "She started yelling at me about how I wasn't there for her, how i could have saved her. She said she never wanted to see me again and wished i was dead," Caleb says with tears in his eyes. That hit me hard. I was full of emotions when i woke up from a coma, i guess i said i wish he was dead. "Tris, I'm sorry I didn't help you, i really am. I guess everything was happening to fast so i have to stop it! So tonight i will be another person who will be a whisper in the world, i'm going to die tonight! Well Tris i guess you got what you wanted!" The video stops rolling, everyone starts to stare at me with horror. My eyes start to get glassy. I stand up and look around me to see the faces of the people who despise me. Sheridan stands up and claps her hands. She walks up to me with a smile on his face. "So Tris, you basically killed your own brother!" She says harshly. I shake my head, trying not to blame myself even though it is my fault. "Now he is just a lifeless, cold, dead human, under ground," My hands turn into fist as she mummers the words. "And it. Is. All. Your. Fault!" She hisses. I can't take it anymore. I lift my fist and punch her hard in the jaw. She stumbles to the ground in a quick motion. "Don't you ever talk about him!" I yell. I jump on her and try to punch her again but arms pull me away from her. I kick at the person until they set me down and spin me. It is Tobias. His eyes look sad, like he is sorry. The. it hit me like a bullet, the only person who knew about the video was Tobias! "Tris I'm so sorry," He was about to say more but i cut him off."No your not! Your the only person i ever told about the video! Your the one who set this up!" I yell shaking my head. "No i-" he starts but i cut him off again."God I should've known better then to tell you," i say. I get out of his grip and i turn around to see Principle Matthews standing there pointing to me. "My office, now!" She yells. Shit! I can't go to the principle's office or Luke will kill me, but maybe thats what i want, i want to die! I want to die right here and right now! She turns toward Sheridan and says the same thing. •••Luke and I walk out of the office. It is about 4 pm, school ended about an hour and a half ago. He doesn't say a word to me on the car ride home, probably saving up his anger. He parks the car in the drive way and gets out, slamming his car door. I get out of the car and rush to the house so the neighbors don't see us. When i get inside i run to my bedroom, trying to avoid speech with Luke. Right when i close my bedroom door, it swings open revealing a very unhappy Luke with a knife. He walks over to me, pushes me against the wall and puts the teeth of the blade at my neck. "What the hell where you thinking you piece of shit!" He spits. "She was bulling me!" I say. "So you punch her?!" He yells. I nod softly at his question. "You never hurt someone!" That send me over the edge."Oh really! Then what are you doing right now!" I say with anger."I do this because you deserve it!" He says."Oh yeah so not doing the dishes is a lot worst then telling the whole school you killed your brother!" I say harshly. He pushes the knife a little harder, but then he pulls it away from my neck."I'm going to kill you with you ever do this again!" He says pointing the knife towards me. Why won't he just kill me already? I want to die, i have gone through to much crap! I want to die. "Why don't you do it?" I blurt. "Kill me already! I want to die!" He shakes his head and leaves the room. My breath starts to pick up a little. "Kill me! God just kill me!" I scream. I fall to my knee's thinking about today, i want to die! I can't live like this, always getting blamed for everything. I need to die. I think about my brother and everything he went through. This must be how he felt. I've always been depressed but now i feel like I'm in a pit that has no bottom. I need to out a end to my suffering! I run to my table stand where my laptop is. I go to camera and make sure the camera is facing me. I go to the video setting. I need to do this. I push start and take a deep breath."I'm Tris Prior, and this is my suicide note!"