
"A bad idea, that's the worst idea we should fight back. Hit them were it hurts." Electo started to rally up the others.
"And how do you suppose we do that without getting outside."
"We could fly the er... ship Terra intervened.
"What ship?" I asked her nicely as I leaned forward to listen to her
"This er... facility." Terra replied
"You mean this facility is ..."
"You're waisting your time she's a broken." Electro said without empathy.
My body experienced a heat flash as rage came over me "You say something like that ever again I'll snap your neck," this caught everyone by surprise especially Kelley. Kelley took a step back and I conitued talking to Terra. "So this facility is a ship?"
She nods her head "that's why its er... Tilted," to be completely honest I didn't realize it up until she said it aloud. The rest didn't really realize this either there were a few murmers then everything was quiet again.
"So we repair the ship then what we take off?" Electro adds.
"Its the only way to get away from the people that put us in here."
"What if they're listening" rush pitches in. Jocker pops up a screen. They are not. I would have detected it.
"We just need to find someone who knows how to fix this ship," Sandra said "but if we're going to trust each other we are going to need to know each others records.
"Why do you need that to trust us," I reply cautiously
"The man on the screen in the mess hall said that there are different kinds of criminals here. One of which had committed genocide," the rest shuffled "why don't you want to show us your record?"
"Because I don't know how to access it," I told them the truth but I am afraid of what I'll find "look the past is the past nothing more we need to get away."
"How do we know that this isn't what they want," Electro pitched in.
"We don't we'll just have to wing it," I sigh T.K. I know you're still in my head can you tell a ship engineer to get their ass down here please
No problem. There was a brief pause then he's on his way.
Thank you "someone is on his way," I say aloud.
"Umm... Are you a telepath," moses asks
"No, he's something much worse than that," Loki says still sitting in the shadows.
"What do you know that we don't?" Sandra said no defending me.
"Uh,, hello?" A new voice said he was a kid. 12 at the most.
"Hi there buddy. Did T.K. send you here?" He nodded his head. "What's your name?"
"Auto."