
I get out of bed and look in my closet, i put on a high wasted black skirt and a muscle tee that says 'Be Brave and Fight Back'. I rush to my motorcycle and get on. I don't usually wear makeup on and today i don't. When i get to the school u see death glares coming from everywhere, like yesterday and the day before that. I walk to my locker and literally 5 people pass me by rather saying murderer, Caleb, or the thing I'm doing later today, kill myself! I'm just here today to say goodbye and then i will forget everything and go to the after life. I see a Will, Marlene, Shauna, Zeke, and Lynn walking down the hallway. I run over to them and all of them roll their eyes. "I wanted to start off by saying sorry," i start.•••During 2nd passing period u see Uriah walking through the hall, alone. I run over and his face goes into a frown. "What are you doing here!" He growls. "Uriah! I'm sorry okay! I'm sorry!" I plead. "You should say sorry to Tobias and your brother!" He proves while raising up his eyebrows. "Okay i deserve that, but Uriah i want to say that I'm sorry for everything and i want to let you know you where one if my best friends. And finally i wanted to say goodbye..." I say looking at my shoes."Are you leaving?" He asks slightly. I nod my head in agreement. "Where hell?" Well after it happens i have no clue where i will go! "I guess you could say something like that! Well Uriah... Goodbye!" I say and i turn around and walk away. •••After lunch i see Chris walking back to her classroom. It is now or never. I run up to her and tap on her shoulder. "what?" She asks annoyed. "I want to tell you something! I want to say I'm sorry!" She just stand there, tapping her foot. "I feel bad for all the pain I caused and i wanted to apologize! I also wanted to say goodbye," I say and her foot stops tapping."Are you leaving?" She asks. I nod my head a little. "W- where?" She almost looks sad? That can't be right. "Well to Uriah's guess, hell!" I say with a short laugh. Before i knew it Chris pulls me into a hug, it catches me off guard but i hug back."Goodbye," I whisper into her ear. I pull away and walk away from her, i swear i saw tears in her eye when i pulled away. •••School end and i still need to talk to Tobias. I see him walking towards his car. I run behind him until he notices me. He stops and leans against his car."What do you need?" He said harshly. "I want to say I'm sorry!" I say."For what cheating on me?" His voice hits me like a knife."God! Tobias why won't you just listen to me for a damn second!" I yell. He stops talking and gestures his hand for me to continue."I want to tell you what really happened that night!" I take a breath in and began. "I was putting Chris's jacket away and when i hung it up, someone grabbed my arm and pulled me in. I didn't know what was going on and someone kissed me. I tried to get away from them but I couldn't. Then they started to take there shirt off and i got so scared!" I say with tears forming. "Then you saw him kissing me, I finally got away but by then you wanted to break up!" Tears run down my face, my cheeks are hot. "I thought that it wasn't my fault but then I realized I could've tried harder, to get away. I didn't use all my strength and I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry." I'm officially crying now. He looks at me with sadness and anger. I don't think he believes me. "Well i want to say Goodbye for the final time!" I say, i turn around but he grabs my arm."Where are you going?" He asks. I shake my head."I honestly don't know!" I say with a laugh. "Goodbye Tobias..." I say. I walk away trying to brush away the tears. I'm leaving the person I'm in love with but it is so i don't hurt him. I get on my motorcycle and drive off. As i drive all my feeling build up to a ball of fire. I need to do something before i do it. I start to scream into the endless void of silence. I scream until i can't continue because thats the only thing left to do. I don't care if people hear me because it is not like they will ever see me again. I finally stop when i realize I'm home. Once i unlock the door i need to think what i should do. Here i go. I put the key in the hole and i unlock the door, the end of my life is a hour away.