
The Next DayTobias I'm wearing a black hoodie and some black jeans, not my usual attire. I can't believe Sheridan did this to me! I have liked her ever since the 3rd grade! We have been dating for about 5 years! Right now though I hate myself more then Sheridan. I can't believe what I did to Bea- i mean Six last night. I'm such a idiot! I walk down the hall way and see Sheridan rummaging through her locker. I already know who she kissed. It was Eric, she always said she didn't have feelings for him but she was always flirting with him. I walk over to Sheridan and lean up against the locker that is right by her. "Hey!" I say trying not to show anger."Hey babe!" She says as she closes her locker."So how is Eric?" I say with a stern face. Her face goes to worried and she looks at her shoes. "I don't know! I couldn't say!" She says like nothing happened."So you don't kiss and tell?" I say sarcastically. She stares at me with her eyes bulging out of her head. That got her."How did you know!" "A friend saw you making out with him!" Anger fills her face."Was it that letter girl?" She yells."One thing her name is six! And yes it was her! You know what we are done!" I yell so everyone around me and hear. I hear a lot of gasps and whispers. I turn around to walk away."You joking right!" She whines/yells. I roll my eyes and lift up my middle finger over my head as I walk away. That will hit her good. -3 hours laterSixI try to get to my class fast. Going to 3rd to 4th period is basically a death wish when you try to get to P.E. I call it hallway rush hour. I walk along a wall when I feel a force push me against the wall hitting a bad place in my back. I wince at the pain. Before me stands Sheridan and she look pissed off, I wonder why? "You told Tobias!" She yells. Everyone starts to crowd around us and stares. I hate attention! "Was I not supposed to tell?" I say rolling my eyes."Look! If you think you can get a guy like him your wrong! Your ugly, pale, and flat! You look like a 12 year old girl!" She states."Tell me something I don't know!" I say with a laugh. He arm is pinned against my neck so it hurts to laugh. "It is sad that you have no friends to help you out here!" She smiles at her comment."I have friends!" I glare at her, she better bot make fun of them."Oh really! They probably hate you but they feel bad! You Dad probably pays them or something! If it were me, I wouldn't be friends with you for all the money in the world," She says with a small laugh. I smile a little at I spit in her face. "eww!" She backs up from me but I stay at the wall. Why aren't there any teacher here yet! "Oh your gonna get it!" She yells. -TobiasI walk down the hallway with Zeke. Apparently the teachers were pulled away for a surprise meeting. We have another free period today."so you broke up with her," Zeke mumbles while hitting my back. "Because she cheated on you." I lean against a wall. "Yeah and something else," I say biting my lip."What is the other reason?" I hesitate to answer the question, but he deserves to know the answer."I have feeling for another girl," I say smiling while putting my hand on my neck. His eyes grow wide but not at me but at a group of people surrounding something. We run over to join everyone. I try to glimpse the crowd, what are they surrounding? I finally get a clear sight. Sheridan is pinning someone against the wall. "Eww! Sheridan whines as she steps back. I see Six pinned against to wall. Abe doesn't move one bone in her body, she should run! "Oh your gonna get it!" Sheridan says. She pulls back her hand. In a instant I run in front of her and grab her hand before it touches Six."What the hell are you doing here!" Six whispers."Saving your ass!" I whisper back. Sheridan tries to pull her arm away, I finally let it go and it fall to her side."if you do anything to her! You will have to go through me first!" I say glaring at Sheridan. I piece of her bangs fall in front of her eyes and she blows it away. She gives me a death stare and storms away. I turn to look at six but she is gone. Why did she leave? Why?