
I look out the bus window and look at the sky. When I was little my parents told me a few things. God lived in the sky, even through the bad times, something amazing will come out of it, and God has a plan for you. After my parents and brother died, God slipped away and I started seeing the worst in people. All the family's I've with were rather druggies, did care about me, and not abuse me. If God was there for me then why do I live my life like this. For years I started to believe that God made me by mistake, and he didn't know where to put me so he put me on earth. Why was I cursed with this life? But then I realized, maybe it is payback? I finally notice we are at school so I run out of the bus and into the school. As I'm heading to my first period which is language arts with Mrs. Mary, I stop by my locker. I grab my books and close the locker. As I take a few steps forward a kid knocks me into the locker. "Hey!" I yell at him. He turns around and smirks. "My mistake," He says with a laugh. I glare at him as he walks away. It is my first day here and I already hate someone. Yesterday I came down here and put my stuff here so it wouldn't as hard for me to get to my classes on time. I start to walk down the hallway and people push me left and right. For the first time, I fall in the middle of a rush. People step on my fingers and someone on my back. I grit mg teeth at the pain. I look up and see a girl with short black hair with mocha skin, holding her hand out to help me up. I gladly take her hand."Thanks, I'm..." I stop. I don't want to be called Tris anymore. "Six." I chose Six because that is how old I was when my family died. "Hey I'm Christina but call me Chris!" She says with a wide smile. She is tall and gorgeous. We walk down the hall and get to know each other a little bit. "Hey so here is Mrs. Mary's class, I have the same class and so does a dew of my friends!" She says with her smile again. I walk in and see a few people gathered around a table. "Hey guys meet Six! She is new here." Chris announces. Everyone turns to me. "Hey," they say it like a choir. I walk over closer to them and notice the guy that pushed me in the hall. "Thats Uriah, Zeke, Will, Marlene, Lynn, Shauna, and Tobias," Chris says. Tobias I believe rolls his eyes. "Yeah me and Tobias met," I say with a glare. He smiles ay me and starts a conversation with Zeke I believe. "Hey I'm Uriah! I like dauntless cake and so does Tobias, I hate pansycakes, and I'm the most handsomest guy you will ever meet," He says flashing a smile. I talk to other a little bit trying to get used to meeting them. "Why did you leave? Got expelled, run away, bully's?" He says smirking. "One that is none of your business. And no! My Dad got a job here so I had to move," I say with a glare. The bull rungs and I go to a random seat. A minute later a girl who is wearing a pink crop top showing her stomach, some booty shorts, and 5 in stiletto's and walks over to me. "Thats my seat, and your ass is in it," She says. "So..." I say looking confused. "Get out!" She says while staring at me. "Wait am I in one of those movies where you are the mean girl and I'm the new kid? And then I fall in love with a guy that is way out of my league and then he ends up liking me and then happily ever after?" I say sarcastically. She glares at me, walks behind me and pulls the chair out. I fall on my ass and laughter surrounds me. "Watch your mouth," She hisses. "I can't exactly see my mouth, it is physically impossible!" I say. I hear people laugh at my remark. I get up, dust myself off and walk to a empty desk. I look down at my arms and notice I have a nasty scar showing from a few weeks ago when my dad hit me. I quickly put on a hoodie to cover it up. It looks like no one noticed it.