
One snapshot began everything I know today. My life revolves around it. I hold on to it and keep it in my pocket at all times.
It is a sunny day and I am on a road trip with my friends at the time. We are all photographers and dream of sharing our art throughout the world. My instagram is my job at the time. I have 215k followers and every like I get gives me a little amount of money. I also take portraits on the weekend. So anyways, my little bandwagon and I decided to travel to Ohio one day. We were walking the streets of Columbus, when I spotted a musical duo that I didn't know. There was a taller guy with red hair, and one with a black ski mask on. "Hey!" I yell out. They stop and motion for me to go over to them, so I jog towards them. "Do you guys mind if I take your pic?" I ask them with my camera in my face. They shake their heads and throw up piece signs. I giggle and wave good-bye. I totally forgot to ask for their names and email addresses. I practically slapped myself on the forehead. I turned around and guess what?! They disappeared. I saw the bus they walked out of and walked over to it. "Hello?" I said knocking on the door. A man with a Justin Bieber styled cut opened the door. "Hi." He said. "Hi, so I took a picture of those two guys and I just need their names or email. See I'm a photographer and I have no idea who I just took a picture of." I say laughing lightly. He nods and hands me a card with his name and an email on it. Then he says, "Young lady, you just took a snapshot of Tyler Joseph and Josh Dun, Twenty One Pilots!"
"Oh, really." I saw with a short laugh.
"Yes. The one and the only."
"Alright well I better be going now! Thank you!"
I meet back up with my band of buddies and we go to a small cafe. There we eat a quick lunch and head out get some more pictures before we go back to our little town. I end up getting some pictures of a small park and the residents that visit it daily. Eventually though, it gets dark and we head back to the RV.
Late that night, lying in one of the bunks that were in the recreational vehicle, I thought of something I hadn't had time to think about. Josh and Tyler! So I whip out my laptop and search up the band and I begin my research. They are both 26 and are very attractive must I say. I read on one of the pages that Tyler, the short one that happened to be wearing the ski mask, had fought depression throughout his life. I have pity and then go to Josh. He wasn't really popular, but had a happy life apparently. He was attractive, but I think I had mentioned that already. He often dyed his hair, because I couldn't find him in two pictures with the same color hair. I quickly looked through their instagrams and laughed at how adorable they were. "Music, duh." I say to myself as I click on spotify and find them quickly. By the end of the night I was in tears, because their music is really relatable. I smile through my tears and close up my computer as I hear something hit the bus' window. I decide to go to sleep and not figure out what or who it was.
The next day I emailed that dude I met at the door. Hello. This is Yankee O'Quinn, the girl that took pictures of Tyler and Josh yesterday. I need to talk to them ASAP or their manager. But, here are the pics, slightly editted but not by much. Thank you
Yankee O'Quinn Photography
861-548-0709
Currently on a road trip- no address.
I sent out the email and hoped to get a respoce right away, but that was unlikely.
Why would they want you to take pics of them? A voice said to me.
Who are you? I asked it in my thoughts.
Your worst nightmare is back. Don't you remember me? I froze. Sixth, Grade, All, Over, Again, NO!