
I began to hyperventilate and took a walk out to a park that was in the middle of our town. I breathed in the cool summer morning air and focused on breathing slowly. "Are you okay?" A voice said from behind me. "Yes." I said my voice cracking up a bit. "You sure?" He asked again.
"I said yes. Why do you care? I don't even know you." I said turning back.
"Well. I just wanted to help. I hate seeing people like this. My brother used to have anxiety and panic attacks all the time." He replied.
I finally turned around to face a stranger that seemed oddly familiar. It was on the tip of my tongue. "Well, thank you, I guess." I say sitting on a low swing. I kick the mulch around and stare at my combat boots. "Hey, I can tell when somebody isn't alright. I know we are strangers and that's the beauty of it. You'll never see me and I'll never see you after this." He says. I nod my head in agreement.
"So in sixth grade I battled depression all throughout my freshman year of highschool. Voices haunted me..." I stop to clear the lump in my throat. "They were louder than a marching band and more annoying than mean school girls. But I found friends. Now I'm trying to get an actual photography job, and they're back!" I say with anger towards myself. "I'm Zack." he said out of the blue. "We aren't strangers now." I reply. I look at the sky and stand. I look at a cloud and follow it. I feel his presence, but keep moving. I feel his hand touch my shoulder and he turns me around. "Listen. I don't know if you know this band, my brother's band actually. It's called twenty one pilots and they tend to help a lot of people like you. Check them out. Here is my number," he said giving me a slip of paper with his number on it. "That's how I know you!" I exclaim. "I was supposed to take pictures of your brother's band. Tyler and Josh right? Man you look just like Tyler, too." I say finishing my thoughts.
"Listen, I won't tell anybody that you just had an anxiety attack. But I can promise you a job as a photographer for twenty one pilots!" he says.
"Oh, wow. Thank you so much!" I say to him giving him a hug.
We wave good bye, and I slowly make my way back to my apartment. I can not believe that that just happened. What a small world. I change into pajamas and turn on the news. I fall asleep to the noises of voices speaking of war and death. A small world, but a violent one.