
It was the last time I had felt love and had a family.
I came home from school to the smell of my moms home made lasagna and chocolate cake.
The table was set and there were three presents on the hutch in the dining room all wrapped in pink paper with gold bows.
Mom was humming in the kitchen while putting together a salad to go with dinner.
I run into the kitchen and wrap both arms around her legs, giving her a big hug while she leans down and plants a soft  kiss on my forehead.
Dad comes walking in the front door with my two year old sister Cadence after picking her up from my grams house .
We sit together as a family and eat the best birthday dinner. Then afterwards  I get to open my presents.
The first one is a package of chalk with a skipping rope.
The second is a new beautiful dress with ivory white dress shoes, and the third is a new beautiful barbie. One that looks a lot like me with brown hair and chestnut eyes.
I run to my mom and she squishes me tight, showering me with kisses and wishes me "Happy Birthday".
Then to my dad who puts me on his knee and hugs me tight, resting his unshaven chin on the top of my head.
Mom leaves the room and comes out of the kitchen with a lit pink and white birthday cake with my name on it.
Just before they are about to begin the happy birthday song I notice a purple and white bike just my size with tassles on the handle bars and even a little horn almost hidden beside the hutch.
I get so excited I go to jump off my dads lap but he holds on tight.
Mom, Dad and Cadence continue singing the song and I get more and more excited.
Mom places my lit up birthday candle in front of me and I'm just way to excited about the bike.
I want to rush this part so I can get to my bike.
But dad whispers in my ear in his very dad like way."You must wait until after Ila"
Very quickly I inhale a huge breath.
But when I exhale the candles do not go out.
Instead the flames grow into a massive flame engulfing my mom and Cadence. Of course I panic and in my upset state I too jump off my dad but when I touch him his red flannel shirt goes up in flames.
The whole house was engulfed within seconds. There was nothing I could do.
Everything I touched burned, the more I cried and the more emotion I had made the flames burn higher, brighter and hotter.
In that intense moment of happiness and excitement I triggered something within myself.
Something wild and deadly, something that cannot be controlled.
This is how it is with all of us Tainted.
Not everyone experiences their awakening at the same age, but it can be triggered by some sort of experience or traumatic event.
Mine was triggered by something as simple as happiness and excitement.
That's one of the hardest things in my life, besides being hunted.
Knowing that my happiness killed my whole family.