
Naruto's P.O.V.

*Alarm goes off* I gently rose to my feet beginning to stretch. I smashed my alarm clock at the annoying sound of it. As I skimmed through my closet looking for something decent to wear I pulled out a pair of Black faded jeans with a pair of black and white converse. I grabbed a white t-shirt with the leaf symbol over my heart and a denim jean jacket that cut off above my waist. After my morning shower I walked from my house to Konoha High. The negative and hurtful stares of the villagers gazed fully upon me. When I walked down to street I got even more negative comments and brutality. As I walked around the corner not far from my Konoha high three other students walked up to me.

"Hey look it's the monster."

"Yeah he's the freak of the leaf village. No one likes him he's a waste of a shinobi."

"Hey Naruto, how does it feel to be a loser?"

"I don't know Kiba? How does it feel to be the largest piece of worthless trash Konoha has ever had in the village?"

"You'd know a lot about that wouldn't you Naruto?"

"As if you know me Kiba. You're only friend is a stupid mutt that sits on your head. No one likes you. You're just as worthless as I am. "

"Why don't you die? No one wants you here Naruto!"

"Well you're parents decided to bring you into existence so I guess we all can't get what we want can we?."

"At least I have a family. At least I have people who care about me."

"That's their foolish mistake, because let's face the fact that if you didn't exist life would still be going on without you. No one is special. So turn around and get the hell away from me Kiba. Can't you people just leave me the hell alone?"

After my words I was badly beaten. I had bruises and cuts all over me. I walked through the hallways seeing everyone's eyes were concentrated on me. Gasps and whispers flooded the halls I was the center of attention once again. The kind of attention that I certainly don't need. I stepped toward my locker where Sasuke was seen leaning against.

"So, you got your ass kicked again huh loser?"

"Hn, as much as I would like to stand here and waste time arguing with you Sasuke I can't. I'm not in the mood to put up with your bullshit. "

My eyes were cold as if I were out for blood. I was blood thirsty and as much as I would like to get back at Kiba for his crap I believe he'll get what he deserves sooner or later. I grabbed my books out of my locker and walked off. Sasuke watched me walk down the hall. As I walked past Kiba he shoved me against a locker and I fell to the floor. He continued walking with his friends to his class and I picked myself up off the floor. When the time came for lunch I naturally found an empty table and I sat down in the center seat. Moments later Hinata walked up to me and gave me a gentle smile as she picked her cuticles with her face slightly blushed.