
Well like any other person I shall start my story  from the beginning.
Behind closed doors I would appear to be a normal seventeen year old girl.
What people do not see is the real me. The hiding, the torment and the pain. I just do not understand how everything just got so out of hand.
I have lived so many lies and so many different lives and along the way I have forgotten myself. My true self.
I have been on the run since I was eight years old. Living in abandoned buildings or old sewage drains.
Eating out of dumpsters or old left overs from the backs of restaurants.
Hitch hiking throughout the country picking up small side jobs here and there but I can never stay in one place for long.
I'm there long enough to get a quick warm meal, steal some clean clothes and try to steal a few necessities for along the way.
Its the only way I can survive and the only reason I have lived this long.
Not even the shelters are safe, those are the first places they look for people like me.
The Tainted. That's what they call us.
A genetic mistake or a fault in the human genome blue print.
The life of one that is considered Tainted is one of solitary. You are less likely to be found if you are on your own.
Its much safer not having to worry about anyone else.
If you are found one of two things can happen to a person.
Number one, you could be implanted with a microchip and your taken for experimental research.
Or two, you are shot dead no questions asked.
I met a girl once who insisted there was an option three, negotiation. Her blood stained my shoes for months.
They hunt us in groups almost like packs of them. I guess with the way they treat us you could call it a pack.
They hunt like a pack of wild rabid wolves and show no mercy. They just know what they have been told and what they have been taught.
To fear anything or anyone that is not like them.
We must continue to hide in the shadows, lost and alone with only our wild minds to keep us company.
Its been so long since I've heard my real true name, the one that was given to me by my mother at birth.
A new town means a new identity, a new lie.
Even if I never speak word to anyone, my name, my life and my story have to be convincing and flawless.
There cannot be any holes in any part of the story.
For you see, when people like me get heightened emotions its our eyes that give us away.
The more powerful the emotion the brighter the eye color, until they almost seem to glow.
The color of the eyes look normal until we are angry, scared or upset. Then the true color comes out, the true feelings and emotions.
If we do no keep this in check and if we do not learn how to control our emotions, things can get out of hand very quickly.
My earliest memory is of my eighth birthday.
It was the last time I ever saw my parents.
The last time my mother layed a kiss upon my forehead, the last time I sat on my father's knee while my mom and dad and little sister sang happy birthday.