
Mia's POVI woke in my cell with Carl sleeping on top.I got out of bed and looked in the mirror.Ew.
I tied up my long blonde hair and then walked to Carl's side of the bed.
"Carl"I whispered.Shaking his shoulder a bit.
He groaned.What a cutie.His hair was a mess over his face.
I pushed it out the way."Hmm"He groaned.
"Carl"I whispered again.he woke up and rubbed his eyes."Oh it's you"He said and I smiled.
"Who else!"I squealed."I don't know"He laughed.
He got out of bed and stretched."How many comics did you read last night"I giggled.
"Only 2!"He exclaimed.I laughed.
I went outside and saw everyone eating breakfast."Morning!"I shouted and kissed Maggie on the cheek.
"Someone's happy!"Carol said.I smiled.
"Where's Carl?"Beth asked holding judith.I quickly hugged her."I actually don't know, let me go see"
I ran through back to our cell and he was passed out on the floor.And by passed out I mean sleeping.
He's knackered.I picked underneath his arms and dragged him through to the group.
"Found him!"I yelled and threw him on the bench and he woke up."What time did you go to sleep last night!?"Rick asked.
"3 or 2"He replied yawning.
I walked up to Maggie who was talking with glenn."Where's daddy?""He's out with michonne, burning bodies"She answered playing with her ring.
"Oh where's be-"I would of finished but bombs and explosions interrupted my speech.Rick grabbed his gun and ran outside with all of us following behind.
Outside the fence was the governor and his people.Oh crap!"Rick come down here! We need to talk"He yelled.
"There's a council now!"Rick said in his gruff voice."Is michonne on the council!?"He yelled bringing her out of the van with her hands tied.
"What about hershel!?"Then suddenly they brought out my daddy.Me, Maggie and Beth whimpered running and gripping Onto the fence.
Then Rick went down and had a chat with them.I felt tear run down my cheeks as Carl held tightly onto my hand, reassuring me that everything is going to be okay.
Then suddenly I felt a hand behind me reach out to my thigh.I looked behind me and saw Daryl hand out guns.
The governor jumped from the tank and grabbed michonnes sword.He held it to daddy's neck."No!"I yelled with Maggie and beth.
Then everything went slow motion."Lair"The governor whispered.Then sliced the sword right through my daddy neck.
Everything was audible.Quiet.Then it's came to an end."Daddy!!!"I yelled shooting my gun while crying.
Maggie and Beth were doing the same."get to the bus I'll cover you!"Maggie yelled at me.I ran.
"Mia!!!"Carl yelled and smacked me right onto the ground which saved me.Because a bullet went right past me.
"Are you okay!"I yelled over the gun fires."Yeah!!""We have to get to the bus!"He yelled and got on me following behind gripping onto his hand tightly.
It was busy!"Maggie! Beth!"I yelled.They weren't here.
"I need to find them!"I yelled at carl."No you have to stay here!"He shouted then pulled me into a seat.
He grabbed my seatbelt and tightened it in case something happens.
"I need to find them!"I yelled but then the bus went.My dad is dead.Maybe my sisters too.The group is well.