
Jasmine pov.when we got to Rosa's room we set up the spear bed then we started to talk about Christina. 'So what are we gonna do about Tina??" I asked. "I don't know Jazz to be honest. I just don't know." Rosa sighed. "Well whatever we do I just hope it doesn't back-fire on us." I muttered. "Yeah.   We can deal with Christina in the morning ok. Because tonight is gonna be about us having fun." Rosa said cheerfully. "Yeah we can deal with her tomorrow. Now lets go have some fun" I grinned. "Lets watch the hunger Games Mockingjay Part 1." squealed Rosa.
Rosa pov.After watching the Hunger Games it aws dinner time and Dad had just got home. He loves it when I have friends over because he thinks it's the best way to become more talkative if if you aren't really good with social life. Anyway we were having pizza, chips and chicken for dinner. Mmmm Jazz and my favourite. Afetr dinner we went to my movie room and Jazz and i watched our top 10 favourite movies. After that we went on our ipads. I had lots of messages from Christina but I just ignored them. For Christina was no longer my friend or part of my social life. I put up a post on facebook about dying my hair and a like for a personality rate thing. 10 people had already liked it by 10:00pm including Jazz, James, Sash, Joshy and saddly Christina. "Oh Jazz guess what!!" I said to my  bff who was playing Pirate Kings and I saw that she had just got a steal and Christina Pay was her Cashking. "What are you and Tina friends again. Because I surely hope not because I just stoll 3 grand from her." Jazz moaned. "Ewwe! Of course not! Why would I be friends with her after what she did. No I got a boyfriend and guess who he is!! I shouted in shock. "Hmmm let me see. James!!" Jazz yelled sarcastically. "Yep!" I squealed. "What? I was only kidding when i said that." Jazz laughed. "Well it's true mate. Now we betta get to sleep before my brother decides to come out of his man cave and annoy us." I said trying not to piss myself laughing. Today was tiring but fun. I thought as I drifted to sleep.
Hey my friends I hope you enjoyed that. I think my project is coming a long nicely. plz remember to comment and you can vote. As i said i apologise to shannon to making her the bully. i 'm truly are sorry don't get too annoyed please but this book needs that sort of drama. anyway i'll update soon cya. love yous. bye xxxxxx