
Joshy pov."It was Christina." I said. "Christina?", Whispered Rosa with shocked. " No you are lying. You gotta be joking. Please tell me this is a joke." "Saddly it's not a joke Rosa I'm being honest and I'm truly sorry that she betrayed you." I whispered. "But why. Why would she betray not only me but James too.?" Rosa sobbed wrecking her makeup. "B-because she likes James." Jazz stuttered. "What?? I she likes me then why be a bitch to her best friend??" James asked. "Because she will be jealous. Trust me I know her too well." Rosa whispered with anger. the rang and Rosa stormed out of the class room dranging Jazz with her.
Rosa pov.i walked over to Mr Time's room where Christina and Sasha were waiting. I  was so furious! How could my best friend for years all of a sudden betrays me. Joshy and james followed Jazz and me. "Christina!!! How dare you betray me. Also how dare you frame James and Joshy for spreading rumours about me when it was you. All you." I raged at Christina. "Hmph!! If it weren't for you james and would be going out right now Rosa." Christina snarled at me. "Guys stop. Please. Seriously stop." shouted sasha. "Bye Tina. Never talk to me agan. Our friendship is over." I spat at Christina before storming off. Omg!! I thought. Omfg! i just lost my bestest friend. I went to room 5 and slammed the door behind me. Luckily the room was empty. i flopped down on a couch and started to cry. Hot boilling tears flooding down my cheeks. after a few minutes of gathering my thouhts I heard foot steeps coming down the corridor. Then the door opened. to my relief it was James, Joshy, Jasmine and Sasha. James came over and sat next to me and put his arms around my waist. then Jasmine sat on the other side of me and Joshy and Sasha sat in front of me. after a minute or two of silence, James spoke. "Are you ok Rose?? he asked. "No not really and please don't call me Rose." i replied. "That was really rough back there. Oh and miss ice queen is with Jenna and Vanessa." said Joshy. "Hmmm. I'm not surprised. i mean come on1 Seriously after everything you did for her especially when tom dumped her?! You deserve some respect." Sasha said with anger and shock in her voice. "Thanks Sash. You got anything to say jazz?' I said looking at her. ' I don't know to be honest. I mean like the fact I have only Known you guys for a few months. But I can say one thing. She started demanding that if any of us side with you will no longer be her friend. Then looked at us then turned away. She said she was gonna go hang with Tessa and Jenna. ( Tessa is Vanessa) As soon as she left we bolted after you." Jazz whispered. "Wow just Wow!!!" I was so stunned. "Hey babe it's alright we're here for you." Said James. "Thanks James and it's not Rose Or Babe. It's Rosa." I Responded. as i rooled my eyes trying not to laugh. Ugh great well I know what will be waiting for me at home. Hate mail and posts.
Hey guys so longish chapter well longer than the other two chapter. Anyway I hope you liked it. Also I'm sorry Shannon (Christina in the book.) that you have to be a bully in this book but hey  this my book and it's also my health project. So yea um plz comment and vote seriously need the feedback. love you guys see ya soon.