
Rosa pov.When we reached the location of the big bang before, we gasped when we saw the science lab on fire and Joshy sprinting out of the lab. For Joshy and Jazz had to stay in to finish their test. "Josh what happened and where is Jazz?" I asked. "C-collin turn the gas on to soon and made a huge explotion. Ja-azz. Jazz is still in there." Choked Joshy.Christina and I looked at each other the sprinted into the lab and found  Jasmine  under a table coughing and gagging. Christina I worked together to get Jazz out and into the open fresh air. "Oh My god!!" Christina gasped. "I know right. God that was scary. I am so gonna kill Collin one day. Now I'm covered in soote" I moanede. "Well at lets you guys saved Jazz." said Sasha. "Yeah. By the way  Rosa you look really cute cover in soote." James smirked. "James. Shut up." I groaned. Then I looked at Christina. "Friends?" I asked "Friends" she smiled.  "Come stay at my place tonight." I said. "Sure!" was her response.
__________________
When I got home  I got changed into a Black long sleeved crop top, Black tights with stars on them and zip up pockets., Black and white converse. and a black and white hoodie. I grabbed my iphone then headed down stairs. I told mum about Christina and me. Mum was glad that we had made up. Next I went across the road to get Christina who was waiting on her front door step for me.  When we got back to mine, we headed straight up stairs to my room. As soon as we setted up Tina's bed we grabbed some food and headed to my movie room. We watched Pitch Perfect 2. It was crack up. We couldn't stop laughing at fat amy and bumper. After the movie we went to my music studio where I play and produce music.   I played some of my songs and Christina loved them. "I gonna get someone to make you famous one day Rose." she grinned. "Thanks Tina." I relpied happily. We had so mch fun that by the time we went to bed I was exhusted. I was glad Tina and I were friends again. I really missed her. but oh well taht"s life sometimes. But I guess my life doesn't always  suck. I can't wait to see what the future has installed for My friends and me.
Hey guys this is the end of my book. I know it is short but I neede it to kinda end sooner or later so i just made it sooner. Plus most of my updates were huge ok. well I love you guys. I'll see you in another book. remember to vote and comment. Bye xxxxxxxxxxxx =-)