
Christina pov.
While I was waiting for Rosa to turn up I was starting to feel the presure. People were starting to crowd around me. I new this was not gonna be easy for Rosa and I did Aikido. Finally she turns up with Jasmine, Sasha, James and Joshy. they joined the circle of students and Rosa stepped out in to the centre.  Everything silent. "So this is how you treat a friend? Aye. What have I done to you? I've always been there for you and you just go and throw it back in my face. That's not gonna happen ever again Christina!" Rosa yelled at me. "Oh shut up so I can get this over and done with." I spat at her. "ok fine geez calm down lion." Rosa muttered. I charged at her and went for a punch  but she dodged. she came back at me with a kick  and i jumped. I went for a punch again this time making contact with her face. Her nose was bleeding and her cheek was swelling.
Rosa pov.After Christina punched me I kicked her in the stomach, making her double over. after she regained her strengh she chargeed at me and tried to kick me but i jumped out of the way. I kicked her in the head then nodded to James before Christina decided to strangle me. As she choked me i heard footsteps behind her. I gasped for air which was hard. "Chr-ch-christ-tina. Stop. pl-please. "no. why should i. i should just kill you now." She whispered to me. i felt fear creeping up inside me. The next thing I new was that christina was pulled off me by james and joshy while sasha and jazz helped me up as i had collasped. "Christina Pay. Come with me now!!" someone growlled I ashumed it was Mr Monkey. The crowd departured until it was just James, Jazz, Sasha and Joshy left with me. "you ok Rosa??" asked Joshy. "y-yeah. Yeah i'm fine just a bit sore." I replied. After a while of getting me cleaned up, I signed out of school and went home. for I was kinda starting to feel depressed.
--------------------------
When I got home I went straight to the kitchen to grab a sharpish knife. Then I went up to my room and shut the door the grabbed my tablet. After grabbing my tablet I went to my wardrobe and walked through it until i got to the door that lead into MY bathroom. Yes I have my own bathroom. Any way I went to my bathroom and shut thte door behind me. I walked up to the sink which had a huge mirror above it. i look into it and then unlocked my tablet and went on facebook. I look up at the mirror one more time as I grabbed the knife and then stabbed it into my arm cuting myself and making my arm get covered in blood. I kept doing it until Someone messaged me on facebook. It was James. james: hey can i come up??me: hey. No soz busy.James:Ok :(Me: yea:( gtg byexxxxJames: Byexxxxxx.I sighed and cleaned up the blood from my arm, the sink and knife. then I went downstairs to put the knife away. After that I went upstairs and played some xbox minecraft and some hunger games on tei.
A/N: Hey guys. yea I know kinda of a groomson part maybe i should of warned ya. Oh well. anyway I hope you injoyed it. plz comment. yea so see ya next time. byexxxxxxxx =)