
...2015...May 3rd,Sunday...
...New Jersey...7:38 PM...
It has been two years since I came across Loki and had interacted with him. Two whole years. Well, not very boring years really. The adventures I had all went under the noses of the federal government and The Avengers. Pete made 12 books over 2 years (without bugging me) featuring the character Elizabeth Sweets.
Now here I am as a security guard for a bank with a side job as an actor.
I am also a volunteer for bartending.
It is amusing to say for the least watching men brawl over 'who cheated in Football'.
"Scotch for me and my new founded friend Jane Doe," Alan Wayne said.
I turn around towards the bottles of drinks.
"John doe," A familiar voice corrects Alan.
I look up towards the mirror. My left eye saw the man known as Thomas Crane from Oregon and another saw him as Loki. Most bars have mirrors that show what is happening in the background so the bartender can have one eye on  what he/she is doing and the other eye on the customers. Even with security cameras it is nice to be aware. How did he find me here?, I thought getting the scotch ready for the duo.
"Whatever," Alan said. "Hey Salamanders, my friend doesn't remember his name."
The same man who was on television two years ago in November for 'saving' the day?
Loki must have screwed up again and got punished.
But why is he disguised?
"Oh really?" I ask, turning around with two drinks.
"Yep," Alan said.
"Salamanders," Loki said, his elbows on the table. "That sounds familiar."
"He only remembers waking up in the stadium and something about a love interest turning him down after he did something for her," Alan said. "A ungrateful woman. Did he get a hug? Noooo! Did he get a kiss? Noooo! He got stabbed in the back by her."
"Literally or figuratively?" I ask.
Loki pauses, as though contemplating that reply.
"She betrayed him," Alan said, patting on Loki's back. "Poor guy."
I hand the two men their scotch.
But apparently Loki saw my arm bands as his eyes got stuck on them.
"You can stay at my house until you get on your two feet again,John doe," Alan said.
Loki looks up towards me.
"Why do you have arm bands on?" Loki asks.
I roll down my sleeves over the arm bands.
"I like them," I lied.
Loki frowns.
"No, you don't," Loki said.
"It comes with the package," I said.
"What package?" Loki asks, curious.
"Living," I said.
"Oooh," Alan said. "Do I sense interest between you two?"
Loki turns his head towards Alan.
"No," Loki and I said at once.
Loki glares at me.
"I don't like being repeated," Loki said.