
Rosa pov.When I got home I ran straight to my room. As soon as I got to my room i grabbed my Ipad and logged into facebook. Oh boy i was right. Hate mail. Lots and lots of hate mail. I managed to keep myself calm as I went through my messages.. Well I kept calm until I read the one from Christina. I instantly screen shotted it and sent it to Jazz, Sasha, James and Joshy. After that i made a group between the 5 of us. Next I messaged Christina saying that she is soo gonna be in troble and all of your little so called friends. She quickly replied. Well I don't care bitch now go away I don't talk to losers. Ugh how rode of her i thought. James messaged me on the group convo so did Jazz and Joshy. Sasha still wasn't online but oh well. James: Hey guysJoshy, Jazz and  Me : Hey.Joshy : you ok Rosa???Me: Yeah I'm fine.Jazz: Are you gonna take her to Mr Monkey??Me: Hell yea! Got that right sis.James: We"ll come with you.Sasha( NoW Online): Yeah She is gonna go down i hope you get to smash her James. uh I mean Smash Tina not you Rosa.Me: Chill Sasha. Just chill. Anyway well um im gonna go put a post up on twitter now um i will be back soon.James: Rosa hang on can I pm you first??Me: sure ok.(PM)James: Hey RoseMe: Hey JamesJames: UM I Was wonder ing if you wanted to you know um go out with me ???Me: Are you for real?? dude Oh My GAWD!!!! Yes! YES! YUSSS! James: Haha well I betta let ya go. byeME; BYE!!So I went on twitter and put up a tweet about dieng my hair then I played minecraft.
On minecraft my ign is called Rosa_da_tiger. my ign wore a blue t-shirt, black tights, a tiger hoodie and it had black hair and green eyes. any way after 5 hours of minecraft i went down stairs to grab something to eat then i took out my phone and called Jazz. " Hello?? was the answer. "hey Jazz do you want to stay the night and watch a few movies?/' i asked. " Yeah sure see ya soon" she replied. " Yeah see ya." i smiled. I put down the phone and walked into the lounge where mum was sitting. My mother was the best she lets me do what i want when i want. "Hey mum Jazz is coming over for the night." I said " Ok. But about Tina Dosen't she stay on a wednesday night.??" mum asked. I looked down at the ground then said " Tina and I aren't friends anymore because she betrayed me and framed my boyfriend and his best friend by blaming them for spreading rumours which she was actaully spreading them. I have only for friends now but I'm taking Tina to the deans tomorrow." "Oh Honey I'm so sorry. Oh by the way I think Jasmine is here." Mum Said softly as the doorbell rang. I went to open the door and sure enough it was Jazz. We went inside. and took her stuff up to my room "You two girls have fun and don't be up past 1:00am." mum yelled as we went past her. "Ok mum. And we will have fun." I shouted back. Tonight was gonna be a fantastic night.
Hey guys I hoped you really liked that. Awwwe Rosa and James go out how sweet!!! guys please remember to vote and COMMENT! comments are more important than votes for this book. Why??? Why BECAUSE I NEED FEEDBACK!!!!! thats why. :D:) love you guys see ya.
:) :) :) :) :) :)