
Selena POV
"Hurry buy the tickets!" Ariana was yelling in my ear. "Calm down at least we might get front row for the One direction concert!" I was about to cry because how excited I was. "WE GOT THE TICKETS OH MY GOD FRONT ROW SELENA!" Ariana yelled. We were hard core directioners out of millions. "OH MY FLYING LLAMA WE GOT THEM!" We were yelling so much in our dorm rooms from collage.
We heard knocking on our dorm door. "Yes Cara?" I asked Cara she was a slut me and Ariana hated her guts. "Can you two shut the hell up?" She was trying to hard right now. "How about no honey. Please go with your other sluts somewhere else." She rolled her eyes at me I ignored that gesture. "Oh by the fucking way go ahead and give all your money tonight to the bitch your fucking with tonight."
"That little bitch." Ariana said. I laughed at her comment. "I wonder why people really like her." I said. "Yeah me too I'm going to sleep now I have a really big test tomorrow so I need to get rest." Ariana said. "Okay good night babe." As soon her head hit her pillow she fell asleep which I find pretty interesting.
I grabbed my 'diary' if thats how you call it I wrote what happened today and how excited I am for the concert. I all ways do this right before I go to bed. I was done writing in my 'diary' and went to bed.
••••next day••••
Ariana POV
I woke up to Selena screaming lyrics. "Selena shut up please!" I threw a pillow at her while she was doing her makeup. "Hey! What was that for!" She shouted. "For waking me up." I said. "Well you do only have 20 minutes until our first class so." She said.
I jumped out of bed and went to my closet and got some high wasted ripped shorts and a black cropped top and some black converse. I didn't do that much for my makeup. Only a bit of eyeliner and some mascara.
Me and Selena got done with our school day. And we decided to go to each so we went to Taco Bell because it's life. I saw some really familiar faces in there. I knew who it was but I just don't remember there names.
We got into the restaurant and I felt like someone was watching me. I looked around and I fainted I guess.
Niall POV
I saw this beautiful girl in front of me and the other boys. I saw her turn around and then she fainted. I guess she's a fan. I saw her friend turn around and see us and her friend on the floor.
"NO ARIANA PLEASE DON'T THIS! YOUR IN FRONT OF ONE DIRECTION!" Her friend cried. She looked up at us and randomly started crying. "Please Niall do something she loves you! Please.." She pouted.
All six or seven I mean, rushed to the hospital. "Family of Ariana please come." Her friend went into the room because Ariana's couldn't come they were in Canada I think, I was to busy eating a donut and watching Ariana. "So she's okay?" Her friend asked. The doctor nodded I felt like ten pounds of rocks got off my chest.
"Sorry for her fainting.. That's not embracing at all.. Oh my name is Selena by the way." Selena said. We chatted for a while until they finally let visitors into the room. Selena suggested that we go first. We did what she suggested duh.
"Ariana..?" I said while going into the room. "OH MY FLYING FUCKING LLAMA YOUR ONE DIRECTION! OH MY GOD THE FUCKING ONE DIRECTION IS IN MY THE ROOM!" I laughed her screaming. "How are you feeling babe?" I asked her she looked like she was going to scream. "I'm great." She smiled.
I stayed in the room with her because she went to sleep so I'm technically watching her. I eventually fell asleep which I don't remember when but what ever. I woke up and I saw Ariana watching me and smiling.
"Good morning Niall." She said to me. "Good morning love. Want me to get the other lads?" I asked while she was nodding. "Lads she wants to see you guys!" I shouted. "Hey Ariana how are you feeling?" Liam asked. "I'm feeling great!" She smiled. "And can I get out of the hell of a place please?" She whined. "Sure I'll get the doctor." Harry said while smiling.
"I want TacoBell!" Ariana pretty much yelled. "Okay love leggo" Louis yelled. We got to TacoBell and ordered our food and what ever. We talked while eating our food we finished our food and got up to throw it away.
We took the girls to there dorm at collage and told them good bye. We left and we heard them scream there ass off and I think they were crying which was adorable. I actually really like Ariana. We might surprise them tomorrow... We got to our house and went strait to bed.