
WARNING!!! This fanfic holds unrealistic plot twists. If you like that sort of thing, good for you. If you don't, READ. SOMETHING. ELSE. Thank you.
I feel cold. Like I'm laying in snow. I walked around, trying to find some source of light. It's just darkness around me. I look around. I spot white text. It said, simply, "Spawn". I didn't know what to do."Spawn?" I asked. Ding. White pixels started appearing every where, and the blackness turned to a blinding light. This time, when I woke up, I was laying in snow. I saw a yellow creature with a lab coat and 3-D glasses was looking down at me. I flinched and scooted back in the snow."No it's fine, I'm a player. We won't hurt you." He said, kindly."W-we?" I asked, shakily. The creature helped me up, and I saw a team of players, very different from each other."I'm Shiny, that's Ian," he pointed to a young boy wearing gray pants, red shoes, a white shirt, a red hoodie over the shirt, and a blue beanie, with a white fluff thing on top. He had brown hair and blue eyes, too."That's COOLGUY710, but we call him Brett," Shiny pointed at a guy slightly older then Ian, with a black hoodie, jeans, and sunglasses. His hair was a dirty brown, and this smile was larger than it probably should have been."And that's Melody. She's the daughter of Herobrine." He pointed at a girl, hovering in the air with bright white eyes. She had a hoodie on, but it changed color. From black to dark, dark, blue, to a dark red. The colors merged together and spread across the hoodie. She had a tuff of pinkish purple hair sticking out, too. "Who are you?" Asked Ian in a squeaky voice."I...I don't really know." I said, quietly."She's a new spawn, Ian. Of course she doesn't know who she is." Melody said, rolling her eyes...if she had eyes, I'm sure she would roll them."Well, you look kind of like a shadow... Maybe Shadow?" Brett suggested."Pfffffff, no. Come on, Notch gave you a brain, didn't he?" Melody said, drawing a symbol of fire in mid air."Of course! It sounds like a good name to me." He said, angrily."What's that on the back of your hoodie?" Ian asked. I turned around and looked over my shoulder."A moon I think." I said, looking at it."How about Luna? It means moon in Spanish and Latin." Shiny said."Yeah! Luna sounds right!" Melody said."Eh, sounds good to me." Brett said, nonchalantly. "I like it!" Ian said, excitedly."Me, too." I added quietly. "Well, it's been nice to meet you, Luna! Maybe we'll catch you later!" Brett said and started walking away."Ugh, get back her, Jesus!" Melody said, probably rolling her eyes again."I TOLD you to stop calling me that!" He yelled. He ran back over to Melody and tried to punch her. She just teleported a few blocks left."Guys!" Shiny yelled."Sorry." Melody said. She was levitating Brett now, and just dropped him."Hey!" He said."Brett, shut up!" She whispered. "I think just abandoning Luna is stupid. Newly spawns need a guide, and we can give her what we didn't have!" Shiny explained."What do you mean?" I asked."Well, none of us had a guide to teach us about Minecraft. Melody learned through her dad, the enemy of Minecraft-" "HES NOT A ENEMY!!" Melody screamed, fire shooting out of her eyes."Sorry!" Shiny said, quickly."Why does EVERYONE think he's a bad guy?" She said, calming down."Well, he tried to kill everyone and over throw Notch." Ian said, quietly."Notch never gave him a chance." She said, crossing her arms."Anyway, Notch was to busy with updates and stuff that he never had the chance to teach Brett, Ian was just like you, spawned in the middle of no where, trying to survive, and me. I'm the last of my kind, and no one would teach me. We learned on our own, and here we are." Shiny finished."Enough talking." Melody said, and she snapped her fingers. I was suddenly flying through space, and then reality materialized, and I found myself in front of a very small town.