
I smiled back, a few girls looking at me and glaring. I smirked and brushed some of my hair out of my face.
"Faggot...," the girl next to me said, her voice just barely auditory. I snapped my head towards her.
"What was sthat?" I inquired. She smiled wickedly.
"I said you're a faggot. A fucking faggot," wow. A Gerard Way fan that was homophobic. Don't see that if ten.
"And what led you to this assumption?"
"Seriously? Do you see yourself? You're surrounded by chicks and you're looking at Gerard like you're going to run up there and fuck him- the whole crowd watching you!"
"Listen, I really don't need your opinion. What you think does not matter. What matters is what I see about myself.Thanks."
She rolled her eyes and looked back at the stageGerard's eyes seemed trained onto me, like he watches the whole conversation. I suddenly felt bad about being one of the few guys at the concert. I watched Gerard sing and dance around for the rest of the time being.
At the end of the concert, Gerard agreed to do a signing. Lucky for me, I had my Gerard Way Hesitant Alien CD in my backpack.
Again, I was like, the only guy- other than Gerard, of course. I stood in the boring line, much like the concert, I felt bad.
Finally, after what felt like forever, it was my turn in line. Gerard smiled at me. I flashed a weak, scared smile. I held out the CD, looking at my feet, nervously.
"Have fun during the concert?" Gerard spoke softly. I nodded. "Anything in particular that you'd like me to write?"
"No... N-not r-really...," I stuttered.
"Okay... Suprise ya then?"
"Sure..."
He scribbled his signature and a couple lines from a very familiar song. 'Are you hearing voices again? Are they with you? And are they giving you commands?' He smiled and handed me the CD.
"Th-thanks...," I accepted it, nervous.
"By the way, what's your name?" I wanted to answer him, but words wouldn't come to me. My mouth was dry and I couldn't speak.
"Are you okay?" He questioned. I nodded. "Are you sure? You're swaying."
I nodded again. I blinked. When I opened my eyes, the ground was rushing to meet me. Gerard rushed to his knees. He knelt over me, a worried expression on his face. His mouth moved as if he were speaking, but there was no sound. All I heard was a ringing noise. He blurred and faded away. I slowly slipped from consciousness.
When I finally could open my eyes, I felt my heart rate pick up drastically. There, across the room, his body slumped forwards as he slept was...NotesUm, hey!! New idea!! Whatcha think so far?? Good? Bad? Worthy of continuing? Sorry if certain things make no sense... It's nearly 1:30am, so I'm kinda senseless... Feel free to comment and all that jazz!! Thanks for reading! Stay safe!! Bye!!
~MCR Babe 124~