
Chapter One
Frank's point of view:
"Do you think he's okay?"
"I think so. Honestly, right now, it's hard to tell."
"That was terrifying..."
"I guess next time, he'll have a friend with him..."
"S'all good, as long as he is okay..."
A rush of sensations, and feelings, and sounds rushed over me like a wave. I could hear. I could feel. Everything was there within an instant. I could hear two voices conversating, feeling directly over me.
A rhythmic beeping comes into focus. It is steady, and slow. It is a slow, yet quick noise. Beep... Beep... Beep...
"God, I really hope he's okay. He was acting odd, and then... He was out..," feminine, yet masculine, voice says glumly. It's familiar, but unrecognizable. I know the voice. It's perfect, and beautiful, and soothing.
In that second, I realized the sense that I didn't have: sight. I tried to open my eyes, but my body would not allow it. That beeping sound became more frequent. I felt my pulse race. The beeping went from every few seconds to almost constantly. Beep. Beep. Beep.
"Oh my gosh, is he okay?" The male voice asked, nervous and scared. I wished to open my eyes and show him that I was okay- that there was nothing to worry about.
"He's okay. He's just panicking a little," what sounded like my mom's voice said flatly, and unflatteringly.
"Do you know of a way to help him?"
"He's fine. You don't need to help him. Do whatcha like, I'm gettin a coffee."
A clicking noise (like a clicking of heals on a hard floor) occurred and faded, ending after a light slamming. It sounded like someone leaving a room.I felt a sensation on my hand, feeling like someone was holding mine in theirs. "Don't worry, sweetie. I gotcha. You're okay...," he told me. That distant beeping slowed gradually as I felt myself calm down.
Then it hit me. I was in the hospital.
***SOME TIME EARLIER***
"Oh my God!"
"I can't believe I'm here!"
"This cannot be happening!"
Fangirls all around me shouted, their voices annoying and shrill. Then again, that was my own fault. I had gone to a concert that I had known would be packed with girls.So, really, I had no excuse to complain.
"Hello, New Jersey!" A happy, cheery voice boomed. I looked up, my eyes instantly pleased. On the stage stood Gerard Way: the only thing I thought about. "How are you all?!"
"Gooood!!!!" A group of girls cheered.
"That's great! Glad to hear that you're just as plumper as I am!!" He made hand gestures as he spoke. I couldn't help but smile.
"WOO!!" Several people beside me chanted. I sighed, rolling my eyes a little. I let out a shaky breath, growing stressee by the amount of people on every side of me.
Gerard first sang Action Cat, then Juarez, and after that, Maya The Psychic. He played with a tambourine and danced a bit. He crackles an awful joke every now and then.
"Wow, you girls are excited!" Gerard smiled as he spoke, right after a girl shrieked. Suddenly, his eyes were locked on me. "Actually, I mean girls and guys."Our eyes remain we on each other. I batted my eyelashes, trying to be cute. He winked. I felt my heart flutter. I grew a little dizzy, my legs feeling heavy.