
I looked up at Takeoff, as he began to walk back and forth. I watched him, as she looked at me then looked at his hands. He looked at me again and smiled.
"Holy fuck, I'm a fucking dad." Takeoff said, jumping up and down, "Hell ya, I love u."
Takeoff said, hugging me. He picked me up then kissed me. I smiled, as he slowly sat me down back on the bed.
"Ur happy." I said, he looked at me and shook his head.
"Hell ya, but don't do think we should go home.?" Takeoff asked, kneeling down in front of me, I touched the side of his face and shrugged my shoulders.
"I don't know, Takeoff." I answered, leaning in, kissing his lips, softly.
"Well, let me know. If u get home sick." Takeoff said, rubbing my legs. I rubbed back, I grabbed his hand and placed it on my thighs. "Baby."
"Rub my thighs, they hurt." I said, he shook his head and began to rub and massaged my legs. I closed my eyes, as I relaxed under his touch, I opened my eyes. Takeoff rub my legs, while kissed my thighs, I grabbed his dreads and pulled them, slowly. "Takeoff, no."
"Ight, ok." He said, he stopped kissing my thighs and looked at me, I sat up, pulled him toward me and kissed him.
"Guess what." I said, poking his face, he smiled up at me and kissed on my neck.
"What, baby.?" Takeoff said, rubbing my stomach, I slapped his hand, as he looked up at me with confusion in his eyes.
"I am ur fucking wife and I have a fucking baby inside of me." I said, sitting up, looking at him. His eyes began to widen, as I smiled at him.
"Don't do that u fucking scared me." He said, beginning to laugh, pulling me in slowly, grabbing my hand and kissing it.    "I'm sorry, babe." I said, leaning in toward him, kissing him. I laid in the bed, got under the cover and turned on my side. Takeoff got behind me and pulled me into his chest. I closed my eyes, moved closer to him and fell asleep. That next morning, when I got up, Takeoff came out the bathroom and looked at me. He lifted me up out of bed then carried me to the bathroom, he took my clothes off and sat me in the bathtub. I looked up at him, he washed my body with a body scrub. He looked up at me and smiled.
"What.?" He asked, looking up at me. I shook my head, smiled and looked away. About twenty minutes later, she took me back to the bed and lotioned me up. He got up, put me back under the covers and looked at me. There was a knock on the door, Takeoff smiled at me and got up.     "Thank u." Takeoff said, then walking back over to me. I looked at him, he sat next to me and smiled. "Baby, do u like pineapples.?"
"No, I can't eat them." I said, smirking up at him. He shook his head and smiled.
"Good things I didn't order them." Takeoff said, laughing a little. I pulled him toward me, bit his bottom lip and kissed him.
"Ur a fucking nerd." I said, after pulling away, smiling, looking into his eyes. "Get in bed and keep me warm."
And with he got in bed behind me and wrapped his arms around me. I relaxed and eventually fell asleep.