
(Thats starfire now and everyone is 21. So now they are referred to as Titans)
Starefire p.o.v.
Its been two years since beastboy and raven are together, two years since Cyborg asked bee to be with him, two years since Terra came back to join, two years since BB rejected her for Raven, two years since she developed feeling for Nightwing and still two years where he can't pick between me or her. Oh and yes I learned how to speak "properly" but I still do not see the problems I had with the way I spoke back then. I walked to the living room of the Titan's tower. I saw BB and raven making out in the corner of the couch and bee and Cyborg on the opposite side watching t.v. "Cyborg where is Dick and Terra?" I asked "I think they are on the roof" he told me. My eyes widen, 'No he couldn't have' I ran up to the roof not believing he took her to 'our' spot. Its ours in the whole titan tower not hers. I burst open and I couldn't believe it. They we're their hugging each other in our spot. When they heard the sound they scrambled to there feet. "H-how could you that's our spot Dick" I told him tears in my eyes "Kory..." he said "No don't you dare say anything I'm not done talking" "Star don't ma-" "Shut the hell up Terra" I said I know it was mean but I had enough "starfire that wasn't-" I interrupted him "how could you? that's our spot. It was meant for only us Nightwing. Its where everything started and it's like you don't care" I said and he stayed silent "it's been two years of constant pain, constant torture, constant tears and you play with my heart like a toy. You can't love me Nightwing not with eyes only for me. If you can't make a decision I will make it for you" I walked up to Terra, being a bit taller than Terra I over shadowed her "he's yours you can have him" I whispered to her and I flew off not standing to be around them. I flew straight to the park, sat on my favorite bench and cried. I cried till there were no more tears "cutie that face is meant for a smile not for tears" I knew that cocky voice anywhere. I turned around ready to attack Red x. "Hey I mean no harm cutie so calm down" he said. I thought for a moment then turned off my battle mode and gave him a small smile "I wonder if you ever tried learning my name" I told him. I couldn't see it but I felt like he was smiling. I sat back down and he sat really close to me but I felt oddly comfortable. "So wanna explain why such a cutie like you crying" Red x said. "Nightwing had to choose between me and Terra and that was two years ago even now he didn't decide. Then he took her to 'our' spot. I know it sounds foolish but that's where we opened up to each other that's where I can be myself. Where i don't have to always put on a smile to cheer the others up and he took her there like if any memories or past we had there never existed" fresh tears appeared but Red x wiped them away. "Its okay cutie it wasn't foolish and that bird brain didn't know what he had to let such a beauty like that go" I looked at him "you really think so" I said with a bit of hope. He got up off the bench "of course I do I mean your smart, your cute, your sexy, your kind, you protect the people you love. your everything any guy would want" I smiled and my hair to regain it's color. My hair goes by my will but also emotions when I'm depressed it looks dull and lifeless but when I'm happy it lights up if I don't pay attention or regain it's color. I got up and hugged him, he was a bit stiff at first but he hugged me back. I knew what I was about to do was a risk but I just hope he returns it and doesn't get it in the wrong way. I separated a bit only so our faces could be in front of each other, I grabbed the edge of his mask and lift it a bit. He grabbed my hands with one of his as the other one stayed on my waist. I gave him a small smile as in telling him to trust me and he understood, letting my hand go. I lifted his mask right above his nose and rest it there. I looked at his lips and run my fingers over them. He didn't move or react so I didn't know if I should continue or not. I couldn't back down now so I removed my fingers from his lips to his neck and kissed him. He didn't kiss me back so I stopped I looked down feeling rejected and embarrassed and apologize but he lifted my chin so I can look at him and he kissed me. I, of course, kissed him back wrapping my arms around his neck. His hands slid down my waist and lift me up directing my legs around his torso and I secured them in place. He kissed me passionately like he's been waiting -or hoping- for this to happen. He sat back on the bench and our kiss became more heated. It was pretty late so no one was around to see. He licked my bottom lip asking for permission and I gave it to him and now it's our tongue fights for dominance over the other. He started kissing my chin then went down to my neck. I gave him more access to it and he gladly took it. We would have gone further if it wasn't for my communicator that started ringing. He grunted against my neck and mumbled 'don't answer'. I giggled "I have to if I don't they'll start to track me through my communicator" he grunted and released my neck from the heated pleasure it was in. I answered and saw it was bee "hi bee" "hey star where are you?" "The park why?" "Nightwing told us what happened are you okay?" "who? Oh Yea I'm fine the park calmed me a lot" I saw Red X smiling and he started rubbing my thigh. I felt chills running up and down my spine "listen I'm staying over here with you tonight so hurry home" "oh okay I'll be there in five minutes" I was kind of upset that I couldn't finish what I started with Red X but we will have other moments. I hung up and look at Red X "well Red X our rondevu must end here". He frowned at me "so you mean this was nothing to you? I was just your rebound" I grabbed hold of his cheeks "of course not how can you think that? You mean so much more to me" he put his arms around my waist "then stay" he told me. I smiled "I can't because if I don't go they will start tracking my movements then I wouldn't be able to see you again" I kissed him and put our foreheads together "meet me here tomorrow around the same time" he gave me a cocky grin and nod "till then cutie" he kissed me and got up releasing my legs. I started to float up and as I was about two feet away he shouted "I will be counting the minutes till you return" I could tell he was giving me a cocky smirk. I giggled and shouted "as will I" and flew home. I didn't feel like going through the whole interrogation from nightwing so I flew straight to my room. And there was bee sitting on my bed playing with silkie. "Hello bee" "hi star" she looked up from silkie and I tried to hide the smile on my face. "well don't you look happy" "I do?" Couldn't hide the smile from appearing on my face. She put silkie down and looked at me closely and gasped with a smile "you meet someone" she told me "h-how did you know?" "The hickey on your neck" I gasped and ran to the bathroom examing my neck seeing a light hickey that looks like it will disappear by tomorrow "so who is he?" She said laining against the door frame. I took her hands and sat her down "if I tell you promise to keep it a secret" she nodded vigorously as I smiled at my friend and told her everything.