
I don't know why, but I've always felt like I don't belong in this family. For one our appearences are nothing alike. I have dark brown eyes and dark brown hair while my sisters have bright blue eyes and light blonde hair. My mother and father have the same blue eyes and blonde hair. Second all of my family are vegetarians while I couldn't live without meat. I've always felt my place was outside instead of inside. I've always been fast naturally and have exceptional sight. "Girls dinner is ready when you are." My mother yells from the kitchen. I hear Katelin and Carmen walk down the stairs. I wait until I hear them walk into the kitchen then I walk out of my room and close the door behind me. I walk down stairs and see my sisters getting a salad with a side of fruit and vegetables. I walk over to the food laid out for dinner. I turn to my mom and say, "Mom is there any meat left from last night?" Sence I'm the only one who eats meat mom buys large portions and cooks what I'll eat and freeze the rest for the next day. Right after that sentence leaves my mouth I see the twins make a disgusted face and Katelin whispers something to Carmen and they both suppress a laugh. Devil twins I think to myself as they walk to the table. I continue thinking of evil thoughts of my sister until my mom says something that actually caught my attention. "Yes, honey there is chicken in the oven for you Terri." Just the thought of chicken is enough to make my mouth water. I walk over to the oven and take the chicken out of the oven I set the piece on my plate and make a small side salad. I sit at my place at the table which happens to be between Katelin and Carmen. I'm serious if I'm ever between these two we are about to have world war III. Today they seem to be meaner than usual so this will be fun to see. Right now we sit in silence its the silence where you can just look at us and feel the tension brewing. "So how are your dinners?" Our mom ask trying to make a light conversation. As usual um the first to speak up. "It's very well prepared." She looks at my sisters and they nod their head as if agreeing with me that's a first. "Thank you." Mother says. I begin to eat my chicken until Katelin decided to speak up. "Terri why do you eat that." She asked disgusted. I look at her and srugg my shoulders. "I don't know. Because I do."I see her roll her eyes and look at mother then sadly she opens her mouth. "Mother why out of every child on earth we were stuck with a weirdo like Terri?" She asked mom and I was confused by what she ment. I see Carmen look at her as if saying don't speak of that but it was too late. Then mom speaks up. "Katelin! Terri is your sister and you are going to give her respect and not bring this up ever again!" Moms face is red now and I don't know why. "No Katelin's right why where we stuck with Terri and not another family?" Carmen asked. "Girls!" She yells. "Terri please take your dinner up to your room I'll talk to you later." As for you two stay right where you are." I look and see my mom with a very stern look on her face. "Yes ma'm" i reply. I walk up stairs to finish my dinner. I close my door but I can still hear my mom yelling at my sisters. ha! Serves them right. About eight minutes later I hear Katelin and Carmen slam their door and mom comes inside mine. "Hey Terri can I speak with you?" She ask if you look in her eyes you can already tell she has to say something important. "Sure I don't see why.""Okay just please sit down." We both sit on my bed, and mom looks at me and begins. "Terri your really adopted." She said and I feel my stomach drop. "We found you on the side of the street. It was about eleven months after the twins were born. When we found you you were starved and close to dead." "How long was I there?" I couldn't keep my curiosity hidden. "We don't know you looked about two or three days. When we found you we decide to adopt you and raise you as our own. Terri you were always worthy of a loving family and nothing less." She says and I have tears in my eyes. "Thank you mom." I say my voice low while I'm trying to hold back tears. We hug and then my mom says I should get some rest. I agree so I nod my head, and she leaves my room. I lay awake not able to sleep from the information I just revived. So I turn on my side so I'm facing the wall, and I let a few tears fall down my cheek before I'm pulled into a deep, dream less sleep.
A/N: okay this is my first story so I can't promise it will be my best but I'm trying. Anyone who reads this hope you enjoy.