
I wake to my pillow and cheeks wet from tears. I'm not sure why until I remember the conversation from last night. When I was a a few days old I was obviously unwanted. An unneeded, worthless child to my biological parents. Why have I always felt this way? Feeling as if nobody wants to be near me. As if avoiding me will make them have a happy life for all eternity. I've always been independent and nothing can change that feeling. Like when I'm running to get to school or the store or going anywhere really. The rush of the wind on my face the wind making my long hair fly behind me. I am broken out of my daydream and sadly brought into reality when I see the time. My parents have a schedule and no matter what you have to keep up with it. We all have to be down stairs and eat breakfast by 8:15. Its 7:55 right now so I jump out of bed and surprisingly land on my feet. That's a first I think to myself as I walk to the bathroom right beside my closet. I turn on the light and grab my toothbrush once I'm finished I brush out my hair, and then walk over to my closet I pick up an army green shirt with black jeans and my black high tops. Then I walk out of my room down stairs I see my two sisters already there. Katelin and Carmen both give a dispising, discussed look. I look over at Katelin her tight light pink shirt which is quite see through and some high waisted shorts. Carmen at least has modesty she wears a lavender shirt not too tight but not very lose with a jean skirt that goes to her knees. It flares out a little at the end but she is mostly covered. Minutes later my mother and father enter the room my mother walks straight into the kitchen while my father goes to check the mail. Therefore I'm left with loud mouth Katelin and background Carmen. The first to open her mouth was none other than loud mouth. "Why did you have to wear those rags, Terri? You know you could have asked to borrow something." She said with a stupid smirk. I look at what she is wearing and say, "Why? I could have walked out of my room in my underwear and been more modest than you." She has a scowl on her face while Carmen was trying to suppress a laugh. Katelin opens her mouth to say something but right before her stuck up voice makes a sound mother calls crime the kitchen that breakfast is ready. Thank God I'm accullay really hungry. I walk in first mother is  setting the table with plates of scrambled eggs, toast, along with fresh strawberries and blueberries. While one plate with bacon which is mine because I'm the only one who's not a vegetarian. After breakfast I disappear into my room and sit on my bed. I think of my real parents if they are out there somewhere with a new child one they actually want. What the difference is between us? I guess these questions will never have an answer. I become frustrated in my questions I look into my mirror my dark eyes are changing to a bright, striking green. My nails become sharp like a blade. They were already sharp but not like this. I can't describe this feeling, but it's feels kind of natural. The craving of fresh air and longing to run in the woods free. As I stare into the mirror I see myself and I seem as if I'm transforming into a monster. I feel fear as if it replaced the blood running through my veins. I stare at my reflection and repeat over in my head. Make it stop. Please stop now.And after that the mirror shatters right in front of me shards of broken glass fall to the floor. I stand shocked as I look where the mirror once was. I pick up a piece and set it back on the floor. I don't know what that was or how it happened I just hope it doesn't happen again. I go get the broom and dust pan to pick up the broken shards. I'm glad the only people in the house beside me are my sisters who never leave their room. I don't know what mom and dad will say when they don't see my mirror. Oh well I'll just hope they won't notice. As I walk back up the stairs I hear Katelin yelling at Carmen for something probably something stupid knowing Katelin. Finally I get annoyed with her obnoxious voice and think to myself. Shut up. Shut up. Then as if by magic where her voice made a sound it became dead silent. There it is again when I think of something it happens. The way it happens I can't explain like I wanted to stop changing but instead the mirror shattered to where I couldn't see myself change. Freaked out I quickly walk back to my room and silently close my door. I sweep up the broken shards and try to understand what was happening. Finally I just decide to try not to think for things to happen and leave things be. I go and sit on my bed until finally I try to take a nap.A/N- Okay so this is my first story and I am not obviously not a good writer. If you read this and like it thank you. If you don't sorry. Bye.