
Friday. Friday morning. Friday afternoon. Friday night. Friday. Nothing about Friday was wrong, there was never a bad Friday. Except for this one. Of course living in Los Angeles can't be hard. Well trust me it is. The traffic is unruly, the people are rude and it's so hard to find your way around. It just so happened that I was already having a bad day and my legs felt like they were going to fall off. My dad, who happens to be Simon Cowell. Yes I know what you're thinking, WOW you're dad is Simon Cowell! You're life can't be that hard! Well it's not hard but it's definitely not easy! He's gone more often then not and I'm forced to do everything by myself. Yes I can drive but there's no point when where you're going is five blocks from your house.
I live with my dad because he's never home and it's easier than having to pay for everything yourself. But we have this big house and only me living in it. Anyways back to the story.
So I was having one of those no good bad days. You know the ones where you can't talk to anyone without exploding, you sigh every time you have to stop what you're doing. The kind of bad day where you try so hard to be pleasant to people that they start to think you're on drugs. I was having that day, I couldn't do anything right. My hair was a mess, I woke up late, I lost my phone, my purse broke while I was walking and I stepped in gum.
Where was I going you may ask. I was on my way to my first big audition by myself. This was the first time that my dad didn't set up the audition for me or pay the directors to hire me.
I was auditioning for the role in a new music video that was coming out. I wasn't aloud to know who the band was but I didn't care. I was so excited to show my dad that I could do something without his help! I'm mean for gods sake he should know that I'm alright by myself, I practically raised myself. With the help of Rosa my 'nanny'. When I say nanny I mean she took me places and wiped my ass. That's about it.My mum was a yoga instructor from Spain that dad met on a cruise in the 90's. They fell in 'love' and got married. Then in 1995 they had me! I was about six years old when she fled the country with my dads golf instructor. Coincidence, I think not. Apparently they needed the money so she married him and had the kid then left with her one 'true love'. I don't resent her though. I'm actually quite happy without her. I had many women that came in and out of my life. What was one more right?
I had finally made my way to the audition successfully. They asked me to dance like I was at a party, laugh like my best friends told me a joke, smile like I saw my crush and then read a few lines from an old play.
After I was done they sent me back out of the room and told me they would be in touch. I assumed that it meant a good thing but who knows really.
Now you're probably thinking, why is she saying her day was horrible if she's only stepped in gum and broken a purse. She probably has a million more of the same one. Well I'm here to answer all of your questions.