
"Fun fact! Short people are actually most likely to be successful." -Neelu S.
Chapter 1: I'm not short! You're just tall!______________
1:50 pm Lunch Time Ace's POV
"Yeah, how did you know?" She asked me while tilting her head, you know, like the puppies do when they're curious or confused.
"Well you're looking for me, so basically you got me." I answered her while laughing.
"I'll leave you guys. Just ask me later, ok Ace?" Henry said then left.
I watched him walk away, then I heard a click which got my attention. I saw a little girl hand cuffing my left hand to her right hand. She looked up at me looking like a little girl that's lost and needs my help. I messed her hair and said that I'll tell her everyone's names and what they are to the year level.
"Ok, let's start with your best friend. Tori Allison Collins Zachary. She's the class president, she likes Declan Stephen. I'm pretty sure she's the 2nd smartest in our class, she's usually nice but don't get on her bad side!" She was a bit down... I wonder what's up..
"Hey, what's wrong?" I ask her, she looks up at me and gives me that oh so sweet smile.
"Yeah, everything's fine! Great! Wonderful! Spectacular!" Then she looked down again. Wait! Does she like Declan?! What am I thinking?! Of course she doesn't! Declan's a playboy! Girls like her don't dig playboys.
"Declan Jasper Stephen. He's part of the Royals but often hangs out with us. He's the Vice President of the class. No one knows who he likes, who ever finds out who he likes is the most trustworthy person he knows. He's a certified Play boy too so be careful when you're around him." She frowns as I finish my sentence.
"What's up with you?"
"Nothing, continue." She says
"Alice Maxine Cabrera. Prefers being called Alix, keep this a secret but Riley likes her! I'm pretty sure she likes Riley too, she's the secretary of the class. She's the fastest runner also. She's French. I'm pretty sure you're gonna be good friends with her." I say she looks up at me and smiles.
"Next is Riley Peter Griss. Dirty minded but girls still falls heads over heels for him. He's the treasurer of the class. He can speak Japanese. He's a bit of a prankster like me so be careful! He's a 'ninja'." I say quoting the last word. She giggle and I can't help but smile.
"Neelu Eliza Saphire. The Reporter of the class, she's the shortest girl in class, maybe not anymore." I look at her and she frowns then laughs.
"She's smart, next to Tori I think it's her or Aaliyah that's the 2nd smartest. She's pretty sporty and acts cutely." I finish my description of Neelu and Diane looks at me as if I like Neelu.
"What?!" I ask her.
"You like Neelu huh? Cause it's pretty obvious!" She says. Oh can't you see? I like you!
"Nope, you're close to who I like though." I smirk.
"Back on topic! Next we have our Guy Representative, Mathias Ansel Loft. Smartest guy everyone knows, my best friend and a boy next door type of guy. Girls falls heads over heels for him but when they talk to him, they literally faints. Literally! Cause of his nice personality. He's only been mean to one girl so far and that one girl is the only girl Mathias likes. So when he's mean around a girl tell me right away cause it means he likes her, he just doesn't know how to express and embrace that thought of him liking someone."
"K." Ugh! Fricking hell.
"Don't you have a girl representative?"