
"I'm sure she'll be fine. I can help her, if you let me Mrs. Foster."
"Oh please! Call me Kara! You know I've already got Declan calling me Mrs. Foster, I want you to call me Kara, so that you'll get used to it and call me that when you're my son-in-law!" She cheered.
I instantly blush then I suddenly heard this loud voice coming towards us.
"Muuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What the maths are you saying?!" Diane yelled.
She raced down stairs, she's wearing a yellow jumper and brown shorts, she's got her long brunette hair perfectly in place.
"I'll leave you two, alone. You make yourself feel at home, because you're staying for the nights Mathias. And as for you young lady, we need to talk tomorrow morning! Now if you'll excuse me I'll be in my office." Kara said then completely walked out.
"Sorry if my mum said anything weird to you. She's not usually like that to Declan though, she's usually more normal than that." Diane explained.
We head upstairs and showed me where I was going to sleep, she gave me extra clothes. She left after that because she said she was going to bake some Nutella Brownies for the two of us. I called my mum explaining everything and she said it was fine and she wanted to meet Diane soon since she's heard so much about her. I said if we had time.
"Maths! Come on down! The brownies are ready!" Diane yelled.
I race downstairs and as soon as I get there I can already smell the nice scent of Nutella. We sat in front of the table and talked.
"So, tell me more about yourself." She said to me.
"Well it depends what do you want to know?" I asked her.
"I've been dying to know the answer to this question. Here it goes. You know when I came back to this school? Why were you so grumpy around me?" She asked.
"Good question. The answer is... It's because I don't usually like transfer students because most of the time they flirt and don't give me personal space. But when I became closer to you, I guess I kinda opened up, because I guess you weren't like the others." I explain.
"Ahhh. Ok your turn! You ask me something you've been wanting to ask me ever since you met me.""Well, there is only one question I had in mind."
"Ask away! I'm an open book!" She said.
"Why did you move away? For 2 years you were gone. In that 2 years of time I never heard your name. Why did you move and leave your best friend?" I ask her.
"It's because.... I have."
"You have what?"
"It doesn't matter you wouldn't understand anyway."
"I will! I'm a genius remember?"
"Oh yeah!"
"So, what is it?"
"It's because I have a heart disease. I've had it since I was 3 years old. The same time I'm pretty sure I met a friend called Aycthm [Pronounced: Ace-It-hem]. He was the best friend I've had, other than Declan of course. He knew my heart disease."
"That doesn't make sense though."
"Hang on! Let me finish." She says.
"We were the best of friends, he knew my secret and I knew his, when he said he liked me nothing changed that's how good our friendship is. But one day when I was around 10 or 11, Aycthm and I got in a terrible accident and when I woke up, his parents blamed it on me. I had a panic attack because I was being ganged up on by my best friend's parents, it absolutely tore me apart. Since then my mum had to take me to Canada to find a cure to my rare heart disease, I'm pretty sure my mum did find the cure. It only took her 2 - 3 years, it was a stroke of luck."