
"There she was standing, the girl of my dreams. I fell in love with her as soon as I first saw her. Technically three seconds after I saw her."-Ace F.
Prologue: She's back
_______
White button up top, navy blue checkered skirt, black tights, navy blue patterned tie, leather black shoes and navy blue jumper that has the school's logo on the top left side of it. I have my hair up with navy blue ribbon. I packed my things, my lunch, snack, drink bottle, pencil case, laptop, books, reading book, umbrella and my wallet. On the way to school I bought a chai latte, to help me stay awake. It's winter for Christ sake!
When I got to school, everyone was looking at me. Whispering rumours. Yeah same old Northway High, the whispers I hear are 'she's back! I thought she was staying away til Uni!' Yeah no, I don't wanna do that! Walking towards the principal's office, I bump into someone, nice Diane first day and you bump into people! Just a wonderful way to make first great impressions. I look up and saw a tall blonde guy, blueish, greenish, brownish eyes, has cute dimples and yep can make my heart beat fast. Wonderful!
"Are you ok?" He asked me while helping me up.
"Yeah, nothing permanent." I murmur.
"Ace Kent Ford! It's nice to meet you!" He exclaimed.
"Diane Key Hope Foster. Nice to meet you too, by the way Ace can you show me how to get to the Principal's office? I noticed that buildings around here have changed." I asked him.
"Yeah, wait- no never mind." Hmm odd.
We walk up to the principal's office and we said our goodbyes there's a 50/50 chance that I'll see him again.
***
The principal told me some of the new rules and regulations and the new buildings and let's just say everything that's new to me. I found out we have get to have buddies. It's a girl and a boy. My buddy's name is Mathias Ansel Loft. I've always loved the name Mathias for a boy of course! She gave me my diary, with my schedule in it, my house and class. I thanked the principal and head out, heading out I started reading my diary which also has the map of the school. I started searching for building G. I have to go to the second floor and to G108. Sigh I just hope Tori and Henry are here.
***
"Right, class the bell has gone which means you should be reading but since we have someone new, we get to have no reading time to get to know her. Come on in." Ms. BC said. My English teacher.
I enter the room and everyone's looking at me. When I got in front, someone raised their hand up.
"I have a question for you, are you single?" I laughed then smiled.
"Is it that obvious?" I asked.
There was no answer except for smiles and smirks from the boys. I saw Tori sitting in the left top table I smiled at her and she smiled back. I saw Henry sitting in the right bottom table.
"Alright, time to introduce yourself." Ms. BC announced.
"Hi everyone! My name's Diane Key Hope Foster. I'm 16 years old. I've been here when in Northway High before, I was in year 7 but had to leave by the end of the year. But now I'm back, most of you should probably know me. I can speak fluent Tagalog, the language in the Philippines, I can speak a bit of French, Japanese and Hangul. And I think that's it. Any questions?" I asked them.
"Yeah, do you know any of us?" a girl asked.
"Yeah only a three of you guys. I know Tori, Henry and Riley" I smile at them.