
"These photos that can't define what could've been. It's such a heart breaking story, I'm sorry, but summer's now goodbye, yeah."
"What do I say we didn't have to play no games. I should've took the chance, I should've asked for you to stay and it gets me down, the unsaid words that still remain. The story has ended even though it hadn't started."
Him: Your song was played on our school's last day.
Me: Our favourite summer ocean waved.
Us: Our feelings have been the same, but that day you had to go away.
Him: I just wanna love you, give me that chance want to hold you. Baby you know that I need you, I need you. And I'm wondering all the time.
Me: These photos that can't define what could've been, it's such a heart breaking story I'm sorry. But summer's now goodbye.
Him: Baby oh no oh oh. By myself, all I can say is that I'm sorry but the truth is I love you, yeah yeah. If only all this time those secrets were revealed. I would hold you right in my arms.
Us: I just wanna love you, give me that chance want to hold you. Baby you know that I need you, I need you and I'm wondering all the time. These photos that can't define what could've been, it's such a heart breaking story I'm sorry. But summer's now goodbye. Baby you know that I need you, I need you.
Us: La (22x)
"You're actually really good at singing! I never knew that!" I laughed.
"No one really know that I can sing besides you and Ace. And you should smile and laugh more often it suits you! Now, what's wrong? Why were you crying?" He asked me.
That I can't tell him, well actually it depends if he can keep a secret."I have a secret, the question is can you keep it? You must swear this one you'll save, you better lock it in your pocket, you must take this one to the grave. And if I show you, then I know you will keep it. Because two can keep a secret, if one of them is dead." I stared at him, he stared back.
He really wanna know my secret huh? But the question is.... Why? Why does he wanna know my secret?
"I promise I will keep it a secret." He said raising his right hand.
"Ok, but first I want to ask you something.... Why do you wanna know my secret? My 2nd deep cold hard secret, that no one else know. Only me, myself knows."
"It's because I want to help you Diane. I can't stand you being sad and cry. I told you, you'er better off smiling and laughing." He smiled at me.
"Ok, my secret is......"
Ace's POV
Sigh, maybe I shouldn't have let Diane talking to Declan. Maybe I shouldn't have went home so soon. But why on earth did I let Mathias go after Diane? Why didn't I stop him? Why? Why? Why?!
'It's cause you're in love with her, and the only thing you can think of right now is that it's the best to let her go, because she's better off happy without you. You know that best Ace. You know that she can never be happy with you.' My subconscious said.
You know what? Maybe my subconscious is right! Maybe the reason why I'm letting go is because I love her too much to hold on. I love her too much that I can't bear seeing her sad and crying. Maybe she's better off with Mathias, or even Declan! But I better check up on her.I took my phone and called Diane.
'Hey! This is Diane! I'm not available right now but if you give me your name and contact details, I would be able to get to you back. Thanks!'Dang, it went straight to her voicemail!