
-Juliet-
Summer break is over a week ago, which means my life in college will start in a couple of days. It's also been a week since my mother told me my double fathers. You have no idea how I felt. I have never felt so angry in my life before. But luckily, I was the one who misunderstood.
I finish filming my first ever video. I haven't edit it yet. I keep watching it over and over again, feeling proud of myself. I remembered that my mum once said that being a YouTuber is in my blood. I guess it is. This is a new exciting experience for me and I feel happy doing it.
My new roommate, Melody, is pretty cool. We met few hours ago and I looked at her in the eyes and know that she's going to be a really fun roommate. Melody has a twin named Clarity who keeps begging to change rooms so that she could be with her sister. But Melody refuses because she wants to know me.
Melody is out at the moment and she said that she'll be back soon. This is a perfect time for me to edit my video. I take out my laptop from my bag and start editing.
My long, wavy brown hair is blocking my view and it's bugging me. I sigh and tie it up with my elastic hair band. Remind me to get a haircut this weekend. It's too long.
My room door swings open and it's not Melody. It's a girl with jet black hair and fair skin. She looks nice. Everyone seems nice so far. "Oops! I'm sorry! Wrong room!" The girl blushes. I can tell that she's British when I hear her talk.
I flash a smile and say, "It's alright." She sends back a smile and closes the door. Well, she's lovely. At least she apologizes and smiles at me. Some people just leave without saying anything.
Melody bursts in happily and say, "Hey, Jules! Wanna go to the activities fair? We can join clubs and all." Melody calls me "Jules" and she told me to call her "Mel". Most of my friends call me "Ju" but Jules is a cool nickname.
Thank God, I've finished editing this video. I can upload this tonight. I keep my laptop in my bad and follow Melody to go to the activities fair. I'm thinking of joining the camera club. I hear that they can teach us how to improve our photography and editing video skills.
"So, how's Clarity?" I ask Melody as we walk down the flight of stairs. Melody has a curly short red hair that matches her tan skin. Her sister is somehow fairer than her.
"Being an annoying sister as always. It's hard having a twin sister. It's even harder when you're the older twin." She sighs, shaking her head. I chuckle softly, her words reminds me of my two younger siblings.
"I have twins as my younger siblings. Different gender but same attitude." I laugh.
"Oh, cool! What are their names?" Melody asks. She seems interested to know about my favourite troublemakers.
"Travis and Amara. Amara's older." I reply, "How many siblings do you have?" It's a perfect time to get to know my new friend.
"So far, it's just me and Clarity. But I think my mum is 2 weeks pregnant." She says, smiling. I bet she couldn't wait to have another younger sibling. I know that feeling when my mum told me I was going to be a sister.
"How old is your mum?"
"38 this year. You?" She answers.
"39 years old." I grin. The activities fair is held at the main hall. Melody says that she is interested in joining the sports club. Forgot to mention that Melody is a very athletic person.
"You're damn tall and pretty, Jules. I'm jealous of you." She nudges me with her elbow. I glance at my legs while we're walking. I'm not tall. My legs are damn long.