
"No. Not yet." I answer.
"Oscar Harold Gray. Very sporty, usually hangs out with Declan and Prince. He knows that Neelu likes him, he just acts like he doesn't. That's all I know about him."
"Adela Nam. She's the only girl Mathias has ever liked. She's really pretty and hot. Trust me." She raises one of eye brow, then shakes her head.
"Kristyn Nadine Sugg. The most sportiest girl you'd ever meet. If she finds out your weakness you better not make her pissed off. She and Henry are the class couple. They've been together since the second week of school."
"Henry Ethan Morris. Very sporty. You can trust him with secrets, as I've told you he and Kristyn have been together since second week of school."
"Faith Janine Hopkins. She is obsessed with Harry Potter, she would marry him if he was in real life. She's very funny and sometimes full of herself. She's very nice and helpful, she's also smart."
"Prince Luca Hutchinson. The only boy that can shut Faith up. When Faith blabbers, Prince is the only one that can make her shut up, wanna know why? Cause Faith likes Prince."
"Aaliyah Rose Davey prefers being called Rori. Second or third smartest girl in the class, have a mutual understanding with Beau. She's very polite, sweet, nice and honest. You can trust her with secrets. Very pretty."
"Beau Flynn Bach. As I said has a mutual understanding with Aaliyah, he's usually high with Henry so if you're weirded out, don't worry we've all have that time. Very funny and weird."
"Question."
"What is it?"
"What's a mutual understanding?" She asked. I immediately face palmed myself.
"Mutual understanding is when you like each other, so you have mutual understanding." I explain. She says 'Aaah'
"And of course there's me! The handsomest, most good looking person you'll ever meet." I said proudly.
"And probably the proudest and the biggest sarcastic person ever!" She said while laughing.
I gave her a glare and took her iPad. I raised it up high so she won't get it.
"Hey! No fair! Put it down!"
"Not my fault you're incredibly short!"
"I'm not short! You're just tall!" she yelled.
Then she jumped on me and choked me, it didn't hurt but it sure did tickle!
"Geez! You're cute but a psycho!" I yelled back.
"Haha, that's a title I've never had! Thanks, I'll add that to my collection!" She says finally grabs her iPad.
Then the bell rang...
***[A/N: I know this is weird but just bear with me here ok? This is for the best.]5 months later.....
Diane's POVOk, I never thought I'd say this but the gang is having too much problems that I think I might just quit it. Don't get me wrong I have reasons! One, we all keep on having fights that always come from the couple. Two, Adela left for Czech she's coming back in 2 months though. Three, Ace has been a bit distant to me and Declan has been close to me. But besides those things everything else is fine. Tori and I share a crush, well at lease I think she still like Declan. Yep I like Declan, since when did I stop? Since I had my first birthday I've been friends with him! Best friends to be precise. Remember I said we were two peas in a pod? Yeah, that was true.