
'Beep!'
"Oh, oh! Hey Diane! It's me Ace! Umm I was just gonna ask if you're ok and all cause I haven't heard from you in a while. Yeah umm can you call me as soon as you hear this? Thanks."
'Beep, beep, beep!'
Maths/Mathias' POV
"That explains why you two know each other so well!" I shriek.
"Yep. Now you know! But keep it a secret and also the other thing I told you, anyway I better go home it's getting dark my mum'll be scared." She said."Hey, why don't I drive you home?" I ask her.
"Umm, yeah sure I guess? Well when you drop me off you should watch out for my mum or else she'll make you stay in for the night. Haha!" She laughed.
I nod in reply. We head for the car and I drive her straight home.
****
"So, this is it.... Don't tell anyone about my place ok? Haha."
"You're place is huge! It's like a freaking Palace!" I yelped.
It's true! Her house is not classified as a Mansion but as a Palace! Oh, yeah. Her parents are very famous. I've never seen her dad though. Only her mum.
"Honey, Diane who's that with you?" A voice asked.
Huh? Where did that come from? I look every where and saw a woman around 30s standing in front of the gates.
"Dang! We're caught! I guess there's no turning back here." She whispers.
"Mum! Hi! This is Mathias, he found me when I was getting lost in the campus. I'm sorry I'm late." She went to her mum for a hug.
"See, this is why I told you, I should've asked for Drake to drive you. And wait a second, I remember you went to this school 2 years ago. How come you got lost?" Her mum asked her.
"First of all, Drake is busy in Uni and I don't want him coming to my school with my limo! Secondly, our school has changed in 2 years, a lot of things have changed. Thirdly, we'd like to go in the house now, it's getting cold!" She yelled.
Okay then.... She ran in the house. Her mum was shaking her head.
"Aish! That kid.... She never learns. Anyway, hi! My name's Kara Heather Evans-Foster, Diane's mum. It's so nice that my only daughter has found a wonderful boy like you." She says.
Wait! Does she think that Diane and I are a thing?!
"Oh Mrs. Foster, you must be mistaken. You see Diane and I aren't a couple. We're just friends." I explain.
"Oh, that's devastating! I thought you're her boy friend cause you see, besides her childhood friend and that nice boy called Ace, you're the only boy she has ever introduced to me. You see I also mistaken Ace as Diane's boy friend." So.. Ace has met Diane's mum?
"By childhood friend, you mean Declan Stephen? And by Ace you mean Ace Ford? Because those two are in my class."
"Yes, yes! Those two boys have been in Diane's life for as long as I can remember, sadly not as Daphne can remember." Mrs. Foster said while opening the front door.
I furrow my eyebrows, signalling I don't understand.
"Between you me, Declan, Ace and Tori. Diane has an amnesia. She had a horrific accident when she was little, she was in the car with her dad and let's just say it did not end well. Diane's trying her best to remember things, slowly but carefully. She doesn't know she has it, we haven't told her yet."