
"I remember tears streaming down my face when you said you'll never let me go. I believed you. I'm feel so dumb for doing that."-Diane F.
Chapter 2: Crush or Love?
__________________
Diane's POV
1 and a quarter week until Term 2 ends! I can't believe we're having a Pirate and Pizza party next Friday!! Parties aside, what I'm really excited for is Riley asking out Alix next week!! Yieee!! So EXOited!! Haha besides that...
"Diane! Can I talk to you?" Declan asked me.
"What is it this time?" I asked him.
"Will you help me court Tori since you're best friends with her?" Ouch! My crush for 16 years, or maybe it's not crush anymore....
"Haha, sure?" Then he hugged me then I closed my eyes.
"Thanks! I knew I could ask you for help!" he walked off.
I walked to the back of the school which is a large free space. I laid down covered my eyes using my arm even though there's trees above me. Then, there I cried, and cried and cried. Then the bell rang. I stayed there. Alone. Crying. I sat up trying to dry my tears, then suddenly I saw this handkerchief hanging in front of me. I look up to who was holding it. And there I saw him. Standing there smiling at me and handing me his handkerchief. I took it then wiped my tears away. He held out his hand signalling me to stand up, but instead of standing up I pulled him-- causing him to stumble and fall in front of me. He chuckled and sat up in front of me. His dark brown eyes staring straight right at mine.
He's giving me that 'I'm worried tell me what's wrong instead of talking I just hug him. I continued crying.
"When will the pain end? When will the hardship stop? Why does this keep on happening to me? Am I a magnet of un fortune?"
"Diane, friends give you problems because they need you to be stronger, they make you stronger. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger." He said and smiled.
"Now, smile! I'm gonna sing something just to make you smile ok?" He continued.
"Spread your wings, neon pegasus and go flying to the night." That instantly made me laugh.
"You're horrible at singing!" I pointed out.
"Says you."
"Excuse me! I can sing better than that!"
"Yeah? Well sing for me then!"
"Ok, What do I sing?"
"I don't know it's up to you." He said.
"This is a made up song. Well I think you can find it online. I think?" I said.
[Listen to song in the multimedia while reading the lyrics.]
"I can still remember when they yelled at us for talking loudly in the halls. Not sure why it was so much fun even if it cause trouble~"
"After that day~ we always~ stuck together like we were twins. I was you and you were me."
"You cried on our graduation day." He sang. He knows this song?
"You held your tears cause you're a guy." I continue.
"It was that summer when we couldn't say what we wanted, but only goodbye."
"I just love you, give me that chance want to hold you. Baby you know that I need you, I need you. And I'm wondering all the time." He sang again. He's actually really good!