
Oh! So that's what happened. I feel like Aycthm is a guy we know.
"Diane, can you describe what Aycthm looks like?" I hope she remembers.
"Sorry, I can't for some weird reason, I can only remember some things.. I've been trying to figure out why."
She truly don't know that she has amnesia, huh?
****
3 weeks later...
Diane's POV
It's our last week of term/semester. Monday always makes me feel uneasy, I don't know why, maybe because we have flute today, maybe. I don't really know, the end of this week is Prate & Pizza day, we dress up as Pirates and we get free Pizza!!!! Today we've got English first then Science, Maths and last period we have Sports. I'm so excited for today! We're in our home room preparing for English, Ms BC is still not here though. When I got back from my locker, Ms Robbins was in our home room.
"Alright everyone! As you may see, I wrote our new seating plan! This seating plan will be all through out the year. Of course this seating plan only applies if you have a lesson in this room, which you mostly do. I want you 10B to get used to this seating plan as soon as possible so starting right now you will sit according to the seating plan! That is all. I trust you Year 10 to do your best, Ms BC is coming."
She announced and left the room. Every body looked at the board with shock.
Table 1: Declan, Kristyn, Riley and Alix
Table 2: Mathias, Adela, Beau and Faith
Table 3: Ace, Diane, Neelu and Prince
Table 4: Henry, Aaliyah, Tori and Oscar
Adela's still not here but she's in that list cause when she comes back then people would just tell her where to sit. It's so weird cause I sit next to Ace even though we're not in the best of terms.
"Hey!!! Diane!!! I'm sitting next to you!!!" Ace said like a spastic.
I smile and try to forget about us not being in the greatest terms.
The teacher came in and everyone sat in the seats they were assigned.
"Alright everyone! It's reading time!" she said.
Someone knocked on the door-- Miss Knowles?! What is she doing here?
"Excuse me to bother but I need Victoria, Diana and Neelu for flute." Ugh! wrong timing Miss Knowles!
I stood up, about to go but he stopped me by hugging me from my back.
"Ace! I have to go I have flute! I'm going to come back! Don't worry." I whispered.
"You better come back safely!" He warned me.
It's really weird cause he act like we're a couple and as if I'm leaving the school. I gave him a concerned look-- what's up with Ace today? He's been acting so weird lately!
"Ace I'm just going to flute, no big deal!"
"Yeah, umm never mind." he let go of me.
I call Tori and tell her I'm missing out on flute today. I think something's wrong with Ace.