
"Ne~ Hyung..."Jungkook obeyed.
V leaded Jungkook out of our house but before he could even go out I said.
"Jungkook, text me later!"
"No, he won't ."V said as he kept pushing jungkook out.
"I will! Text you later!"He said then V got him out.
"Yah, V you can't do that to your groupmate!"I scolded him.
"Yeah, I can. So...go back to your room and rest."he said.
"Aww.....Why?!"I complained.
"No buts, just go."He said as he pointed to my room.
I pouted as I walked upstairs.
Once I got in my room, I got my phone.
I played Clash of Clans for a while making the volume down for V not to notice I'm awake,
But then..after playing for a few minutes a message came up.
I checked to see and it was from jungkook.
Jungkook: Kei, you should visit us sometimes.....
kei: Like in your practices?
Jungkook: Y-Yeah . . . . . . .
I chuckled then continued texting.
kei:Your at you're dorm already?
Jungkook: Not yet, I'm meeting up with Jimin-Hyung.
Kei: Jimin?
Jungkook: Yeah, Because he got drunk in a night club again and the hyung's told me to fetch him.
Kei:Haha....is Jimin's personality really like that?
Jungkook:Yeah, but suddenly he's becoming weird.
Kei: Why?
Jungkook: He doesn't go and meet girls for some reason......but I guess his Personality is back since his from the night club.
kei:Yeah.....maybe.
Me and Jungkook kept texting and there was a text which made me laugh and I forgot V might hear me!
"Kei!"V barged in my room.
I hid my phone immediatly and covered myself underneath the pillow.
"Yah! I saw you, pabo."V said as he went near me.
"What do you mean?"I pretended to not know.
"Give me your phone!"V commanded.
"Nah! But Jungkook and I are texting."I pouted.
"I told you to rest, Why can't you do that?"
I looked at him with a pissed look and I went underneath my blanket.
"Hmph...."I said.
V sighed. "Okay, You can use your phone. But sleep first."
"I can't seem to sleep."I said.
"Then count sheep."he said.
"That doesn't work!......"I paused for a bit then smiled. "Can't you sleep beside me for a while."
"Yah! Are you a kid?!"He said.
"But I can't fall asleep.."I whinned.
"Okay, Okay I'll sleep beside you, but only for a bit."he said and went in the bed with me.