
"Oh, there's no need for that, my house is just around the corner."I said.
"Well, if you say so...."he sighed."See you tomorrow."He smiled.
I walked out the Café and while I walked home it was kinda dark.
I looked around and saw a lot of gangs on the side whistleing.
I just lowered my head and walked as fast as I could.
But a guy from the gang came near me.
"Ey! Wanna hangout?"He said as he grabbed my wrist.
"I'm sorry sir but I have to go home."I said as I tried to run away.
But then the guy catched me.
"Nuh, Uh...Uh..."He smirked.
I closed my eyes because I was scared.
But.........
....
...then..
...
"Jungkook?!"I suprisingly said.
"Let go of my girlfriend."he glared.
I was shocked because he said  My girlfriend .
He pulled me towards him.
"Jagiya~ I told you not to meet strangers on the street."He said sweetly.
"Why you bastard!"The guy said as he was about to punch Jungkook.
Jungkook immidiatly dodged it but I saw a guy comming from to hit Jungkook with a stick so I took the hit.
"Ack!"I said in pain.
Jungkook's eyes widened when he saw me.
I was trying to smile but failed through my blurry sight.
"Kei!!!"He shouted.
He started to hit the other gang people one by one with hard punches but I couldn't see it till the end....because everything..
was black.....
Jungkook's POV
"Why you bastard!" the guy said throwing into me.
Hah! I can easily dodge a punch like that you idiot.
I quickly made a dodge for it.
but then I heard kei.
"Ack!"
I turned around looking quite surprised. Kei got hit on the head by a stick. She plastered a faint smile on but I noticed blood flowing down.
Until she fainted! "Kei!!!!"I shouted.
I was in deep anger so I punched all the people in the gang until my knuckles bled.
While all of them we're unconscious I carried kei and ran to her house.
"Kei, wake up.....Please wake up!"I shouted in worry.
Then a vision suddenly came up.
"Jiyeon, please wake up."A tear fell.
Her eyes opened a bit and she placed a faint smile
"Kookie?...."Was all she could say.
"Don't worry jiyeon-ah everything will be alright."
~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°Anyeong! Please leave a like!...and also comment.
Xoxo Mitsule