
"Oh! my phone."I said as I exited the game and answered it.
kei: Hello?
V: Yah, Pabo bring my bag with the extra clothes in it.
kei: You forgot? *Sighs* Ok....Your at Bighit's company right?
V:Yeah, At the dancing room, make sure you're not late.
Beeeeep........
He hang-up directly so I got his bag in his room then I changed into a White blouse with denim shorts.
I let my hair down so my curls at the end would be noticed, And the last thing to do is to place two hairclips at the side of my side-bangs.
I directly left the house, locking the door of course.
"Taxi!"I said.
The Taxi stopped and I went in.
"Where to, Miss?"He said.
"To Bighit Entertainment, Please."I said.
The taxi driver just nodded then went to the destination.
After 5 minutes......
"We're here, miss."The driver said.
I paid the taxi driver then went in bighit.
Once I went in I was looking for where my brother is.
I found a dancing room and I found my brother dancing in it.
*Knock Knock Knock*
I got in and my eyes widen....It wasn't only my brother it was the whole BTS!
"V, here's your clothes."I silently said as I moved to his direction.
"V, is she your girlfriend?!"J-hope asked with a smirk.
"No, She's my step-sister."V said.
"Annyeonghaseyeo! kei imnida."I said with a smile.
"Oh! So...your kei...,Aren't you one of the members of lovelyz?"Rapmonster said.
"Uh....Ne~....."I said shyly.
But out of no where a pair of hands swooped to my waist.
I looked at my left side and noticed....Jimin.
He held my chin and said.
"Wanna be my date sometimes?"
I was completely red at the moment because of his question and because his and my face are just inches away.
"Yah! Stop playing with her!"Suga said.
Jimin let go of me then smiled.
"Just kidding."he patted my head.
"Oh! We should all introduce ourselve's."Jin said.
"You don't need to."V said while he was on his phone.
"Yeah, its ok....I'm actually a fan of you guys."I said with a shy tone.
"Really?!"Suga said.
I silently nodded with a smile.
"Then if you're a fan, whose you're bias?"Rapmonster asked.
"Uh...."I looked towards Jungkook.
"Ah! I see, you like our maknae."Suga said.
"Ne~....."I softly said.