
One of the cons of living in Canada is definitely the weather. You'd think that in early September we'd at least be blessed with a little sun, perhaps a nice breeze holding the promise of winter. Well, you've got the next thing coming.
I sniffle in the most unattractive way possible, pulling my blanket tighter around my body. I'm currently wearing approximately 6 layers of clothing, and that doesn't seem to be enough to keep me warm. Damn this weather. My phone starts ringing unexpectedly, the ringtone muted by the mass of covers and bed sheets where it is currently hidden. I dig under my blanket for a good minute, and manage to pull out my phone right as it got to the last ring. It's my best friend Elizabeth.
"Hello," I say in the most unenthusiastic way.
"Sam! You busy?" she yelps in my ear.
"Uh," I look down at my computer where Netflix is playing, I was currently on my seventh episode of The Vampire Diaries in a row. "Yeah, I'm really busy, actually. Why?"
"Well, looks like you're gonna have to cancel your plans! I'm at Starbucks right now, you've got ten minutes."
"Wait, what-"
"Love you!" she says right before hanging up on me. I stare at my phone for a good five minute, wondering how I managed to put up with her for the past 12 years. I get out of bed and position myself in front of my mirror. My hair is an absolute mess, still slightly humid from my last shower. I'm wearing thick fuzzy socks, sweatpants over leggings, and to top it all off, a sweater that probably hasn't been washed in a week and is covered in cat hair. This is what I get for cuddling with Bartholomew when he's shedding like crazy. I glance at my watch, who in their right mind goes to Starbucks at 11pm on a rainy day. Only Liz.
I put a cosy outfit together and get dressed, checking once in my mirror to see if I looked decent. I shrug, it's not as if I'm trying to impress anyone. I tie my hair up in a messy bun and grab my phone and wallet before going down the stairs. My brother is watching Tv in the living room, he turns around when he hears me open the front door.
"Where you going?" he asks.
"Starbucks." He nods and goes back to watching his movie. I grab my umbrella, and head out. I live pretty close to Starbucks, so it takes me about 5 minutes to get there. I walk in and find Liz beaming at me from her table. I sit down next to her.
"Hey."
"Wow, you look like shit." She states nonchalantly. I make a mental note to never talk to her ever again.
"Thanks, Elizabeth, you look gorgeous too." I reply sarcastically.
"You know I'm only teasing! I ordered for you already." She says and pushes my drink towards me. I take a sip out of it, checking if she got my order right. I raise an eyebrow at her. "Pumpkin Spice Latte with two pumps of vanilla. C'mon, I know you."
"True," I take an other sip of my drink, wrapping my hands around the cup to keep them warm. I look up at her, "So, why'd you bring me here on this special occasion?"
She smiles. "Austin asked me out."
"Wow, what- Really?" she nods enthusiastically. Austin is a senior, captain of the football team, and every girls' wet dream. Well, every girl except me, of course. Liz has been crushing on him for forever, the two had started hanging out and it was obvious that he felt the same way about her. Who wouldn't, everyone always loves Liz.
"Sammy, it was so romantic," she sighs, her bright green eyes sparkling. "We went on walk together, he took me to that one park- you know the one? It was dark and cold and he gave me his jacket! We were holding hands and it was so nice, and suddenly he stopped walking and he looked at me, and asked me to be his girlfriend. I swear I stopped breathing right there and then."