
Kei's POV
*Beep Beep Beep*
"Ugh..."I moved.
I slowly opened my eyes and into my surprise I was in my room.
I felt something holding my hands so I looked at the side and I saw Jungkook!
I was quite shocked of his presence being here....I slightly tried to let go of his hand and I got it out.
I stood up from my bed got a blanket and placed it above Jungkook because he might get cold.
I directly went to the Bathroom to prepare, but in to my shock There was a big white bandage wrapped around my head.
I first touched it then it then thought how I got it, I tried to remeber the thing on what happened yesterday but unfortunatly I couldn't.
Once I was done preparing I got out of the bathroom and when I closed the bathroom door it made a really loud noise making Jungkook wake up.
I tiptoed to see if he woke up but it seems like he didn't.
I slowly got out the room and went downstairs and when I got down, I saw V.
"V!"I said.
V turned around and his eyes were like in so worry.
Out of a sudden he gave me a tight hug.
"Yah, V I'm suffocating."I said trying to catch my breath.
He seperated from the hug and gave me a worried look.
"Yah! Pabo-ah, do you know how much you made me worry?!"He said.
"Its ok....V, Jungkook I think...was their to help me."I reasurred him with a smile.
"Wait....Jungkook? I thought he left after the doctor left?"V said.
"Really, He didn't leave...he actually slept near me."
"Near you?! Like in your bed?!"V suddenly jumped into conclusions.
"No....he sat on a chair and rested his head beside my tummy."
V took out a deep breath.
Wonder what's wrong with him....
Just then we heard a creaking sound.
"Jiyeon! Are you ok?!"Jungkook said as he ran down the stairs.
"Jiyeon?"Me and V chorused.
"I don't remember telling you my full name the other day....."I said confused.
"Don't you remember? I called you Jiyeon ..then you said kookie?"
My eyes suddenly widended. "Kookie?!"
"Wait.....as in kookie my childhood friend?!"
He went near me and cupped my cheeks.
"Yeah.....I'm kookie, Jiyeon-ah."
Suddenly a grin appeared on my face. It seems like I can't stop smiling.
"Kookie-ah!"I gave Jungkook a hug.
At the corner of my eye I think ......I saw V glaring at us.
"Ok, I think you should separate now."V said.
V looked at jungkook and said.
"Jungkook, you should go back to the dorm before the others get worried."V said.