
Hello, I'm Sophia Baltazar.  I am a 25 year old woman that is living in Ireland.  I've been living here ever since I attended a college here.  Around that same time, I got my driver's license.  Ever since then, I have gotten a bit of an Irish accent.  I attended a college for computer and video game technology at age 18.  Oh yeah, I forgot to say that I live for video games.  I live in a one- story house because I'm still trying to develop a full- time job.  I've always been the gamer girl in middle school and high school.  I had a lot of friends, mostly boys but I did have a few female friends.
Before I moved to Ireland, I lived in Cincinnati, Ohio. I was born on December 2, 1990. I went to middle school and high school about 1/4 of a mile from my house.  I had a lot of friends there.  I distinctly remember a girl named Eyshell.  She wasn't as judgemental as other girls.  I mostly remember guys like this boy named Jose.  He was a gamer like me but unlike other guys, he didn't try to flirt with me.  In fact, he was pretty respectful.  Another guy was Mark.  He's the guy that I remember most.  He was my BGF: best gamer friend. He was always there when I wanted to play video games with someone.  I would go to his house or he would come to mine.  Those were my fondest memories.
I also have a YouTube channel.  It's called SophiGaming.  It's not that well known but I'm proud of it.  I do video games such as Amnesia, Among The Sleep, Call of Duty, Assasin's Creed, Simulators, Outlast, Five Nights at Freddy's 1, 2, and 3, ect.  I haven't uploaded in a while because of me trying to find a job.  I've been working at a local cafe.  It's nice, cozy, and slightly boring.  Every once in a while, there's this one exciting person that comes in.  I do have quite a bit of subscribers.  Maybe about 13, 000.  I don't know.  I do edit my videos a lot since I did study about computers and editing.
I do have a few, okay, a lot of flaws.  For example, I'm very optimistic.  I'm way too annoying.  I tell almost everyone about video games.  I am also, according to some people, too calm.  Well at least to the people that haven't seen my channel.  I'm a completely different persona.  I do rage from time to time.  I'm very little outgoing and I don't like crowded places.  My favorite YouTubers are the lesser known ones.  For example, Matthew Santoro, Matthias, Tobuscus, The Game Theorists, and Smosh.  My most favorites are Markiplier and Jackscepticeye.  When I realized that Mark had a YouTube channel, I immediately subscribed and e-mailed him.  Yeah that's right.  I still use e- mail.  Don't judge me.
Anyways, I've been wanting to see him for a while but we can only skype each other.  I've been one of his biggest fans and I always support him.  I was constantly calling him when he had his most recent surgery.  I couldn't go there because my cafe job only gave me enough to maintain myself and they wouldn't let me have a break.  I should quit but they're desperate for employees.  Jackscepticeye is my favorite YouTube channel.  Well next to Mark's.  He always makes me smile and he has this sort  of humor that just... Ugh.  He is also pretty attractive and I think that I developed a celebrity crush over him.  But I doubt it because I never met him.  Mark is also attractive but just that attractive.  Gah, feelings are complicated.  Jackscepticeye, or Jack, is very outgoing, funny, and happy.  Kind of the complete opposite of me.
He lives in Ireland but I doubt I'll ever meet him.   I know that I should have hope but here in Athlone, it's pretty clear he's never going to show up.  I've known Jack's channel since 2009.  So I've been a loyal subscriber and he never fails me.