
Ty's lime-green eyes stare at the wall. He clears his dry throat. Adam nudges his arm at his side. "Calm down. You look fine." Ty looks at Adam. "Do you know-" "Yeah I do know how Clare is. She don't care how you look. She'll kiss you in bags!" Ty glares at him. "Oh be quiet! It's starting!" Ty gulps as Alice walks down the aisle in a black dress with white roses along the edges of her dress. She smiles at Mitch. Mitch blushes a little. A girl with short black hair and brown eyes follows Alice in the same dress. She smiles. May walks down in the same dress. Jerome's heart skips a beat her beautiful face. Alice, Teaun and May stand in front of the guys as everyone the chairs stand. Ty pulls on his bow tie as Ivy runs down tossing flower petals back. A small boy follows with a pillow of rings. Finally, Clare Firestar walks down. Her dress was outlining her body and it was pure black. It had white roses formed into the dress all over it and had her banquet of flowers. She smiles a little as Ty inhales sharply. He's never been so nervous around Clare before. Today was a day she and him would remember. Becoming one. Ty gulps as Clare stands in front of him. She looks at Ty and smiles. Ty gulps again. There ears block out everything around them as their eye connect. Clare smiles gently.
Relax.
What?
I'm talking to you in your mind. Now relax.
How?
Take a deep breath.
Ty inhales then let's it out slowly. Ok? I'm still nervous.
Well quit. This is out day of becoming one.
I can't. It's just...
What?
You.
What about me?
You look so...
I'm waiting.
Gorgeous...
Clare smiles as she takes a ring and slides it on Ty's hand. Ty takes s ring and slides it on Clare's hand. They hold each other's hand and Ty only smiles. The king looks at the,. "Clare Firestar, do you take ,Tyler Ellis, as your husband?" Clare nods smiling. "I do." Ty smiles. "Tyler Ellis, do you take, Clare Firestar, as your wife?" Ty nods with a slight smile. "I-I do." The King nods. "I now pronounce you, husband and wife! You may kiss the bride." Clare closes her eyes as Ty leans down and kisses her. She smiles as he pulls away and smiles. Clare hugs Ty and she smiles. People cheer and stand from the chairs. May wiles her tears and smiles. Clare looks at Ty and holds his hand. They run off down the aisle smiling. Clare screams as Ty picks her up and opens her wings. He flies up and disappears. They appear in a house. Clare smiles as Ty lays her down on the sofa and goes on top of her kissing all over her face. "God I love you." Clare rolls her eyes. "Yeah yeah. I know."
~~ (They didn't do anything naughty.)
Clare and Ty dance around on the dance floor while everyone watches the King and Queen of the world dance together. Ty had his coat off and was dancing with his shirt and pants. Clare had a shirt dress on that was red. She laughs as Ty spins her and pulls her back to his chest. He leans her back and smiles as people cheer. Clare smiles as Ty stands her up. Clare kisses Ty's forehead. Ty chuckles. They walk to a table to find Ivy their with a place with cake on it. Her face in against the table. Ty smiles and sits next to her. "How's the cake honey?" No answer. Ty nudges his daughter. "Ivy. Answer me." No movement nor sound. He skin is cold. Ty's face pales at the worst thought he's ever thought of. He sits Ivy up to see his daughter's eyes rolled back and her lips covered in blue frosting. Her neck veins are black and she has blood down her chin. Clare screams in horror of her daughter. Ty stood their, hand on his daughter's shoulder, staring.