
Tyler Red
Life is unpredictable. It could be suddenly moving but attending the same school. Or going to your window to get a peak show from your new female neighbor (whose window is directly across from your window) but watch her get abused by her boyfriend instead. See, unexpected. Cue flashback.
"But mom! I don't want to move!" My 8year old brother whined. I rolled my eyes but in all honesty, I didn't want to move either. New place. New neighborhood. New school. New house. New friends. New new new new. Wow that doesn't sound like a word anymore. Anyway, I hate it. It may be wired for the jock of the school but I like having a nice schedual. You may never tell a soul. Ever.
I walked back to my room where all my boxes were stacked. My mother and I have been packing all day, while my brother was at school, he obviously didn't know we were moving until just then. We're leaving in thirty minutes but I still need to throw all my boxes in the truck. Oh, and I still didn't know where we were moving. We could be going to China for all I knew.
After arriving at my new house and setting up my room, I decided to attempt to see who my new neighbors were. I looked out my window that happened to be directly across from one of their windows that had a perfect view for a peak show or two. I looked towards their driveway right as a car pulled up. Out climbed a girl, around my age, and a girl who looked about 5. The little girl had a backpack on so I assumed that the older girl had just picked her up from school.
"Hey mom?" I said as I ran down the stairs and stopped in the living room where she was sitting, watching Pretting Little Liars.
"What, Tyler?" She sighed as she paused the weird stalker show.
"Well... I saw this girl, who's apparently our new neighbor, anyway, I think I've seen her at school. Am I going to the same school?" My mom had an amused look in her eye, accompanied by a smirk. Oh boy, I'm going to die.
"Why? Do you like said girl?" I can't even ask a friggen question with this woman!
"No!  I don't even know who she is!  I'm a popular, she's a nobody." She frowned at this. She thought I was wrong, I thought I was right. I was wrong. I didn't think I would ever talk to because she's so low on the food chain.
"Yes you are going to the same school. Now stop talking about people like that!" She snapped. I went back to my room.
I started to wonder what could get my mind off of moving. I opened my window for fresh air, an idea popped into my head when the teenage girl walked into the room I could see into. Peak show! I got to a place where she couldn't see me and I could see her. She has to change eventually. My thoughts were interrupted when she took of her shirt, revealing various cuts, buises, and scars everywhere. She slipped a tank top on then someone I recognized as her boyfriend walked in. He kissed her. Kinky. I still can't get those bruises and cuts out of my head though. The boyfriend said something, she answered, he bawled up his fists causing me to do the same. The girl shrank back. Fear. He pushed her into her bed frame. He then pulled her up and punched her in the abdomin several times before he delivered one large punch to her eye. Her boyfriend stormed out of the house as she fell to the floor. She stood back up for a second then fell again.
I ran downstairs and grabbed one of the gift baskets and noticed a note.
'Running your brother to his friends house. Be back soon.~mom'
I took the basket and went toward her house. I rang the doorbell and she answered quickly.
"H-hi" she smiled and stumbled a bit, clutching her eye. She was pretty cute up close. She had black curly hair and sparkling green eyes. Light freckles dusted her face. She wore skinny jeans, vans, and a loose fitting blue tanktop.
"I'm your new neighbor, I brought you this... Are you okay?" I asked.
"Yeah. Bad head ache. I'll be fine with some rest." She smiled a dazzling smile then put the basket in her house. She looked me up and down before giving me a weird look.
"Hey. Aren't you Tyler Red?"
A.N. Hey guys! This is my second book! Wadda think? Vote and comment please! Buh-bye! Love y'all!