
P.O.V. [Name]
Year: 969
I was in my castle. My castle was a huge one made of stone and marble. It was in the side of a local cliff. The only way anyone could get in or out was through my front gate.
I was sitting on the throne. I was feared by the local villagers. I knew that much I also knew it was only a matter of time before they tried something.
Many wanted me to be like my father. HA! Laughable really why in the world would I want to be like him. I'm far stronger than he could have ever been. So one day I decided to kill. Told him exactly what I was going to do and killed him.
It was then that I heard blunt thuds coming from the entrance. I looked to my wine glass and finished off the fine red lquid that was currently inside.
After I was finished my front door came crashing down. I watched as the dust settled. One man wearing shinning golden armor stepped forward. He was a massive man taller than me by nearly two feet and if the size of his armor was anything to go on he was clearly well Built.
"MONSTER!" He began in a booming voice it was clear he was going to give a speech I figured the least I could do was hear him out. Who knows maybe his may actually entertain me.
"I the great sir Williams have heard rumors of your great strength and your vile evil deeds. Killing the innocent, slaughtering hundreds and making entire cities tremble at the very sound of you name. You are most certainly a evil creature of the darkness. You have terrorized the people of this town long enough. You may have these people living in fear but I alone have gathered my men and we are here to stop you. Now I sir Williams will put an end to you wretched existence. What do you have to say in your defense." He announced slamming his sword to the ground.
I stood and started to clap for him. "I congratulate you. Out of all the heroic speech's I've heard yours is by far one of the best I've heard." I rose from my seat and approached the man in front of me he I had to look up. "However like all the others you shall meet the same fate as them."
He then rose his massive sword and tried to connect with me. I dodged his sword and he began his relentless assault. Him swinging his sword and me just proceeding to dodge it. "Why not come and work for me?" I asked as he embedded his sword in the ground.
"Work for a demon such as yourself? HA! You really are delusional aren't you. I would never work for someone whos hands are stained with the blood of the innocent on his hands." He removed his sword and once again began our earlier routine.
"That's a no then. That really is a shame. You have risen above most men. Having your life end here would be a waste especially since I can give you anything you desire. Money, power, fame and wealth, beyond your wildest dreams even women of that is what you desire." I said as his sword crashed down onto my throne and sent the pieces flying in all directions.
"Why would I believe a word you say. I was under the impression I was fighting a monster not a coward. In fact you haven't even thrown a single attack. What's the matter are you scared? I think the stories about you now are just that stories and nothing more!" I let out a sigh and watched as he brung his massive sword down.
I easily caught the blade of the sword with my bare hands. "Just stories hun?" I then proceeded to crush the blade in my hand. I then watched as he backed away and ordered his men to attack. I had no interest in any of them so I killed them.
They were no match for me and were fools to believe that they were. I killed them each with different methods. For some I ripped out their hearts, for others I sliced their throats but for most I just ripped open their insides watching as their instants and internal organs hit the ground in a pool of their own blood.