
Ashton's POV :
"Mads?"
"Yeahhhh" she replied from upstairs.
"Come here for a sec"
"Huh God sake Ashton"
I laughed a little.
"What do you want knobhead?" She said whilst running down the stairs.
"Madison Sophie Irwin you do not call your older talented brother a knobhead" I said trying to sound offended, holding my hand against my heart.
She laughed.
"No seriously ash what do you want I'm taking to Hollie" she whined.
"Pushy much"
"ASHTON" she shouted.
"Okay ok , so you no they way summer break is nearly here & you pretty much have no plans" I teased.
"ugh I didn't come down here to be insulted!" She replied.
"Well anyway ... Mum and dad as you know are going to NYC and honestly I don't think I could let my baby sis stay will aunt Willis for a whole 5 weeks and let you listen to. her whine about her ex - boyfriend. so ..... I was wondering if you wanted to come on tour with me and the guys?"
"Are your serious"?
"Yes I'm serious but I mean If you don't ......"
"HOLY SHIT THIS IS SO EXCITING" she screamed.
"I take that as a yes then?"
"Of course it's a YESS" she excitedly said.
"Awesome I'll let the guys know" I replied.
"Oh and one thing mads? "
"Yeah?"
"Don't get too cosy with the guys on tour"
She laughed and ran upstairs.
Madison's POV :
Ahhh i can't believe I'm going on tour with my brother & 5sos . I've know Calum and Michael for like ever but I'm never met the blonde one Luke hemmings , I believe that's his name.
This is gonna be an interesting tour ;)
After talking to Hollie and telling her all about the tour arrangements I went downstairs.
I heard talking as I reached the last step.
My parents work late and it's only 4:30pm so I know it isn't them.
Ashton is in the shower and our older sister Sophie is at work.
I suddenly start panicking but refuse to go back upstairs. I walk slowly to were I originally heard the noise.
Silence.
A strong pair of hands grab my side.
"AHHH ASHTON , ASHTON HELP !!!" I cry.
The person leaves go and bursts into a fit of laughter I turn round to reveal the one and only Mr Calum hood .....
"WTF CALUM YOU DICKHEAD!!"
He continues to piss himself laughing.
"YOUR AN ASSHOLE!!!!!"
"I'm sorry mads I .... He says between laughs
"should of seen your face HOLY SHIT!" He laughs again.
"UGH" don't ever do that again! I whine.