
"This is all you've been concerned about for years! For once, just once I'd like to go and chase my dreams! I want to be who I want to be! I want to feel the wind in my hair, the adrenaline pumping through my veins. Why can't you give me this?"  I ask him, looking up through the tears in my eyes.
"There's just some things women shouldn't do. Wrestling is one of them." He shrugs.
"How could you say that? What's so different between the two of us, Roman? Please, tell me. I'm dying to know." I say.
"There is no difference, it's just a simple fact that some women just don't belong in certain lines of work. You'll find that out the hard way, though. All you are is hard headed, Kamryn." He hisses.
"Hard headed? Hard headed people don't go and follow their dreams, do they? They sit there thinking about the what ifs. I, however, am going for this. I am doing this whether you like it, or not. I should have listened to my father." I shake my head.
"What did that dumb bastard have to say?" He laughs. "The same thing I did?"
I grab the vast to my left, throwing it as hard as I could at him. Relief came over me when I saw it hit the top of his head.
"You never speak about my father like that again, or I'll make damn sure you're six feet under the stars." I spat, turning away from him.
"Why don't you do everyone a favor and just leave? Go. No one wants you around here, Kamryn." He says.
"That's why I said I should have listened to my father. He told me you wouldn't be anything but a giant waste of time. He was right. I was such a fool for thinking I loved you." I sob, shaking my head.
I left without another word.
As I was walking away from the house, I heard glass breaking, him yelling and the sounds of other thinks snapping.
"You did this to yourself, not me." I say, driving away.
"Kam! Are you alright? You just started crying." Nikki asks, scooting closer to me in the car.
"Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'm fine. Sorry. Just having flashbacks of Arnold break up, that's all." I smile at her weakly.
"You seem so happy, though. When did this happen?" She asks.
"A little over four years ago." I tell her, scratching the back of my neck.
"Hopefully tonight will take your mind off it. The Authority will rise tonight as we watch The Shield crumble." She smirks.
We arrive at the arena just in time to get ready before either show started.
"Who were you with, if that's okay for me to ask." She smiles.
"Roman Reigns." I answer her question bitterly. "Sorry. What he said still just makes me so mad."
"You dated Reigns? He's the sweetest guy!"  She says.
"He wasn't the sweetest back then. He was rude and he didn't care about anything. He told me I shouldn't even be doing this." I tell her.
"Are you kidding me?" She asks.
"I wish I were." I shake my head. "He called my father dumb and after that, he had a vase thrown at his head."
"Damn. That sounded like a heated break-up. How did he take it?" She asks.
"I wouldn't know. Haven't seen, heard from, or wanted to do either since then." I explain.