
One early morning I wake up to a loud "knock knock knock" on my door. I jump out a bed and land on my dog Sophie. I get up and quietly say "who is it" my 19 year old stupid brother Jacob replies "your late for school the bus will be here in 5 minutes!" I start rushing around my room looking for something to wear. I finally find something and rush to the bathroom I brush my hair and put it up, I brush my teeth and put my makeup on. I rush down the stairs get my bag ready and give hugs to my mom and my dad. I rush out the door and start running to the bus stop all I can think about right now is what will happen on the day of my presentation if I stay up late practicing. The bus comes and I climb up the stairs and sit across from Ashlyn and Rebecca my two best friends. The next stop is Kesha are other friend. The bus stops and Kesha climbs on and sits in front of me. In the mornings we normally don't talk we just go on are phones. The bus stops at its the final stop and Isabel the most popular girl in our school gets on and sits at the very back with all the other cool kids. -5 minutes later- We get to the school and everyone gets off and wonders inside to there lockers. Lucky enough me Rebecca, Ashlyn and Kesha all have locker next to each other and are in the same class.
The first bell rings and everyone gets there binders and books and head to there classes. We all head to ELA with mr.burke. We all hate him so we pretty much talk and pass notes the whole time. When we get in there we all are really surprised because there is some really cute guy waiting for everyone to come in and sit down to do a presentation. We all listen and mr.burke starts to introduce the guy. "Hello everyone I am mr.burke" and blah blah blah " this Cameron and he is here to do a presentation about what we have been learning lately" " hello everyone my name is Cameron and I am here to talk to you about what you have been learning" and more of that kinda stuff. When the bell rang I stayed behind and told Cameron my name and he asked me if he wanted me to come over his house on a date I said "yah sure what do u want me to wear" anything just remember that this a date" "ok what is your number" he took my phone and punched in his number. "Ok I will see you then" "bye" he said "bye".
All my friends were waiting out side and spying on me "oh my god you just got your first date" they all said while I looked back exiting the classroom smiling. When he couldn't see me anymore and I turned my head I started to jump up and down and they all started hugging me like crazy. "Guys before we get excited I need help I have no clue what to wear and how to act what if we end up kissing" I said "you just have to go with the flow we will help you ok" Rebecca and Kesha said. I run back to the class room to see him and when I get there I had to tell him that I have never been on a date before and he said "me nether but I am excited. Remember tomorrow night at 7:00 pm" "got it bye" "bye" I ran back to catch up to my friends and soon enough "Rebecca, Kesha, Ashlyn and Cassandra get in here now!" Says mr.josephs we start running down the hall and go in to class with mr.Joseph's are social study's teacher. He isn't are favourite teacher but he is really friendly but he hates it when people are late for class. He starts to talk about history back in the 18 hundreds so me and Rebecca end up passing notes because come on who is going to use that information when you have a job as a nurse or a lawyer. The bell rings to switch classes we get handed a sheet of paper for are homework and get dismissed I normally just copy off Ashlyn's because she is the only one that listens.