
"Look what that little shit did to me!" He said it in a strangled tone, as if the words were painful. I had originally been surprised at the younger ones outburst, but I now realize that he was merely in too much pain to talk. He turned to the side and I saw the hilt of a steak knife lodged deep inside his side, most likely in his ribcage.
"Damn, kid. That's nasty." Evidently they didn't appreciate my sarcasm, because all it got me was another slap to the face and a shove into the wall. I toppled down and fell onto the young boy with a grunt.
The poor thing was definitely dead. I had struggled to bite back a sob, I knew those men would kill me and I wouldn't give them the satisfaction of seeing me cry. The little boy was cold and still. His chest wasn't rising and I had felt no heartbeat with my pointer and middle finer shoved into his neck right under his jaw.
It was then I suddenly remembered the sexy stranger that did abso-fucking-lutely nothing to help us. I was beyond pissed and found myself unable to keep quiet when I glared at him, "You good-for-nothing asshole!" I yelled at the attractive man. "You could've helped! But did you!? No!! You stood there like waste of space!"
"You can see me...?" He sounded so stunned it threw me back and next thing I knew, the larger man was straddling my waist and threw punch after punch wherever he could.
Before I blacked out, I glanced at the waste of space, and what I had seen in his deep, dark, and milky brown eyes made me regret my words. He looked so torn and regretful it killed me.
*********
I awoke feeling nothing but confusion. My body didn't hurt or anything of that sorts. I had begun to think it was a dream when I felt that arms were wrapped around me and as I struggled to open my eyes, I saw the waste of space carrying me bridal style and, as my lolled to my left, I saw the two little boys. They looked to be in good health and I smiled at them drowsily.
"Guess you're not a total waste of space after all..." I mutter and here a bark of laughter before I began drifting back to sleep again.
Right before my eyes closed though, I had time for a single thought to run through my mind:How the hell were those boys in good health!?
**********
And that's how I got here. Sitting up in a strangers bed in a strangers room. As feeling finally returns to my whole body, I try moving to the door, and as I turn the unlocked door handle, all I can think about is my lack of answers...
A/NMy first attempt at a story sucked, so I promise this will be A LOT better. I hope, lol. I'll try to update frequently and I'll make sure the chapters are all at least 1,000 words. :) Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy it.