
Calla's POV
I was walking down the street in some shady town when I smelled it. It was awful. It smelt like death, and don't ask me how I knew what death smelt like. I was scared out of my mind for no good reason and it was all I could do to not shit myself.
I should go check it out.
That'd be stupid and irrational.
But it could save it a life.
Then I heard it. Grunts of pain and and skin hitting skin. So I, of course, did the stupidest thing I've ever ever done. I ran towards the sounds.
The first thing I saw was the most attractive man I've ever laid eyes leaning against the wall with a sad, yet oddly understanding, look on his face. He had plain brown hair that he made look breathtaking, and eyes so green it could make grass jealous.
The second thing I saw was the little boy, no more than eight years old, laying on the ground, unmoving.
It made my blood ran cold, but before I could run towards the poor thing, I saw the third thing. The two huge men that were beating senselessly on a another little boy, probably twelve or so.
Instead of checking on the little one that I was pretty sure was dead, I ran towards the men beating up on the older boy, and tapped the smaller one, still at least 6'3", on the shoulder. The second he turned around, I did the second most stupid thing I've ever done. I punched him square in the jaw with my left hand.
Damn straight I'm a lefty. And I'm not a scrawny, spoiled skank. I'm well muscled and 130 pounds of badass. And short. Kinda ruins my image of street toughness when I'm barely 5'3"
So I obviously wasn't surprised when I watched the moron in front of me stumble back a few feet with a few choice words and a few suggestions regarding how stupid I was. Now, I'm realizing how right he was.
As I run to the boy, I covered his body with my smaller one and I was payed back for it with a nice fist in my stomach that was meant for the boy.
"Fuck!"
"Should've thought twice before punching my brother, bitch," the larger one said and I looked up at him and I then did the third most stupid thing ever. I spit in his face. "I was gonna tell you to leave now why you still can, but now I'm gonna kill you myself." He said with a smirk.
"Oh what a pity. 'Cause I obviously would've just walked away after all of that." I had rolled my eyes and received a swift slap to the face and I couldn't see anything for a few seconds after I stumbled.
"I love it when you're rough." I say monotonously yet somehow sarcastically.
"Good. Get used to it, whore." This is said with a husky and very creepy voice, and I deeply regretted my choice in words.
"Didn't your mother ever teach you manners??" I said innocently.
"She's dead."
"Ah. Bet she's proud of you. Murdering kids in back alleys. And here I thought California was a sweet little town." Not.
"This one," he gestured to the boy leaning against my back, barely conscious, "stole two grand from us! His brother was merely the beginning of our payback."
"And now he's fucking dead! How would like it if it was your brother!?" I was met with silence and two identical dark glares. "That's what I thought. Now let them go."
"No." The older, and larger, one was obviously in charge, for the other had hardly talked.
"And why not!?" I was still screaming at this point. "You got your payback! You've officially killed a little boy! And for what!? Money!? You two disgust me." I spat at them.