
It was a sweatpants and black T-shirt kind of day. The only sweats suitable to wear to school were my grey roots pants so I settled for them.
My friend Stacey was beside me shaking her head as I brushed my hair and watched Leisha and Paul fight, as they do every morning.
It was a damp morning and the chill in the air caused goosebumps to pop up on my bare arms. Hastily I braided my hair and tied it with a elastic.
"You're shirt's really low cut." Stacey commented as we weaved our way through the cars and away from Leisha's angry voice. Really the two of them should just break up. Their relationship is not worth the trouble for anyone anymore.
I stopped and half-heartedly pulled it up. Stacey stopped too and we waited for Bryan and Carter to stop passing the frisbee before hurrying to get out of the way.
In a perfect L went the parking lot, lawn, school and field. The parking lot jutted out to the right and was filled to the brim with both cars, kids and screaming couples. Passing all the people on the lawn, me and Stacey navigated our way inside the whitewashed stones of the the school.
Checking her phone Stacey stopped before I had a chance too at my locker. Opening it I sorted through my books and checked my hair as she talked.
"So Farah just texted me, right." I nodded as she put her phone away and turned to face me. "There's a new guy at the school. His name's Vince or something. I don't even know but it's some more eye-candy."
I rolled my eyes and closed my locker. "Ya. I guess so." I couldn't bring myself to be overly excited for this.
"C'mon T. You have to be more excited than that!" Stacey exclaimed as we found our way to her locker.
"Maybe. I don't know. Maybe when I see him." I sighed and checked my phone before glancing up around the hallway. Kids everywhere, laughing, talking. Getting books and planning to be on time to class.
With the slam of her locker Stace smiled. "Just your luck. Here he comes now with Frorman."
Spinning around I saw not only the new guy but Michael Frorman. He was slightly obscured by other students chatting away, but it was no doubt Mike. I had known him for 10 years before he left last year because of his Dad's work. Now here he is. Back in Brookville, that bright smile still  on his face, he was an inch taller and wearing a new shirt. But he was Mike and without a second thought I ran down the hall.
"S'cuse me, pardon me, coming through!"
I dodged everyone, pushed certain people roughly out of the way and called out happily, "Mike!"
Mike turned around and when he saw me his face cut into a huge smile. "Tessie!"
I launched myself into Mike's arms and wrapped my legs around his waist."Oh my god! I didn't know you were coming back!" I screeched after I was set down. The new guy stood off to the side but I couldn't guess whether or not he was 'Stacey Eye Candy' material. "This is great! Mike, I missed you so much!"
"I missed you too Tessie!" He smiled again. "What's up with you. Last I check your Instagram or Facebook, well you didn't have one! You gotta keep me connected here, Tessie!"
"I know! I know! I get that shit everyday from Stacey. Sorry I just don't see the point. Why put so much energy into that cyber bullshit." I rolled my eyes. By now we were one of the few in the hallway but I didn't care. Looking back I saw Stacey had rushed to class.
"I can't say anything to that. But ya, we moved back after Dad got a higher position at his old work. I think everyone really missed it. But I want you to meet someone." He gestured to the new guy. "This is Vince Evans. He's staying with me. Actually I'm surprised your Mom didn't tell you we were coming. I think me and Vince are staying with you until our house closes."