
"Really? Well I haven't been at home much lately, don't talk to her much either. She got this huge promotion at the bank." Rolling my eyes I turned to Vince and nodded, too excited to even say Hello or look at him. "Anyway so ya. I got to go to class before Hellen bites my ass. I'll see you at  lunch, eh?"
He smiled. "Ya it's a date. I'll meet you." Vince still hadn't said anything. He merely stared at the two of us. I couldn't even look at him now to access his features. Seeing Mike was all I cared about.
I turned and waved before running as fast as I could down the cold hallway.
*
It was finally lunch. With a sigh I opened up my locker and shoved my books inside it lazily.
I checked my texts. One from Farah, Stacey and Kyree.
Answering them I agreed to meeting them in town for lunch. I grabbed my wallet and walked towards the doors of the school.
Suddenly a hand on my arm stopped me. Mike. His cool blue eyes smiled at me. His brown hair was slightly crumpled and his square jawline was speckled with scruff. A year ago all Mike had too do was look at a girl for him too notice her. He was quite tall and because of the endless spectrum of sports he played was it really good shape. Because of the athletics he was so tan and I've been told many times that he fitted the perfect mold of a man. But to me he was Mike, and he was closer to me than anyone-at least he was a year ago. "Hey Tessie, still up for lunch?"
I winced. "I just agreed to meet Stace, Kyree and Farah in town. You're welcome to join if you want to. Sorry, I completely forgot."
Mike gave an easy smile. "Only if Vince can join us." I smiled.
"Between you and me I've been waiting for Stacey to get her hands on him." I replied. He laughed and brought up his phone. No doubt to call Vince and invite him to lunch.
Not paying attention to Mike's conversation at all I slid into the driver's seat and he sat beside me. When he hung up the phone we were already a quarter of the way there.
"He can't come. He already got in shit with Ms. Crownmin. Said something and then um.." He trailed off. I knew Mike, and Mike didn't want to tell me something.
It started to drizzle and I turned my wipers on. Mike drummed his fingers on the dash.
"What?" I asked finally making a turn into the downtown area. "He did what.""He got a detention." Mike finished lamely as we pulled up to Spicers. "Look there's the girls, lets go!" He said it in a rush, and I'd figured a lunchtime detention why Vince couldn't come to lunch. But I knew it wasn't because he snapped at Ms. Everyone-Has-a-Bright-Side Crownmin. There was something Mike wasn't telling me, and he's never kept anything from me before. Vince Evans already messed that up.
I locked the doors and turned to him, "That's bullshit. You know Ms. Crownmin, Mike. There is no way on our earth that she would give the new kid detention for back talking."
"I just don't want you to think badly of him, Tessie. He's a really nice guy and he's going to be sleeping in the room beside yours for a month. So I figure we can at least not tell you things that I know will make you hate him." He sighed and looked at me tiredly.
But Mike still thought I was Tessa from over a year ago. He doesn't even know what happened with Chad or any of it. He still thinks I'll judge people. He still thinks I'll be that stupid 16 year old girl he knew and he needed to not think that anymore. I had changed.