
Colton's POV
I dropped Greta off at her house and went back to school. It was boring and everyone was talking about the fight that went down. I felt horrible. All of my friends pretty much disowned me when I saved Greta. I didn't care though. I can't believe I was ever even friends with them. Finally school ended and I sped to her house.
"Colton." She beamed with a cheeky smile opening the door for me. "Hi." I simply replied. "So what do you need me for?" I say. "I'm glad you asked." She smiled. "Gather round my children." She said all serious like she was an old lady. Her brothers were there too.
She stood up on a kitchen chair and announced "As you know there is a band competition for school." She hopped off and slammed a piece of paper on the table. "This is our destiny." She cried.
She got up and pointed to Aiden. "Aiden" she started. "Your an amazing guitarist. I've only heard small pieces, but you rock!" She exclaimed. "Elliot you've got mad skills on the piano like Freddy Mercury from Queen." She looked at me and smiled. "You showed me what you can do on the drums and its amazing."
She smiled and spoke "You guys can sit around like losers and never try to play in the Clash of the Bands, but that just means letting Jocelyn and her clones will win. And I don't know about you, but I won't let them win. I will go on that stage all by myself and play the bass and sing. So what do you say?" She finished sticking her hand out.
Elliot nodded and piled his hand on hers and Aiden following. She looked at me with her big brown eyes. I sighed "Ok alright." and smack my hand on to the pile they made. We cheer and run downstairs.
"Ok so we need a lead singer." Elliot stated. "Eli I'm obviously the lead." Greta replied. "But your the bass!" Elliot exclaimed. "Just because I'm the bass doesn't mean I can't be lead." She looked at him giving him a come-on-are-you-dumb look. I chuckle at her face. She asked "Anymore questions?" "Yeah" Aiden spoke "Whats the name of our band?" "That's a team thing we'll have to decide." Greta replied.
Aiden asked another question "Do we need back up singers because I know this one girl..." He trailed off. I wiggled my eyebrows at Greta and she rolled her rolled her eyes with a smirk. "Aiden invite her over. How do you even know she sings?" Greta asked. He shrugged. "Do you have her number?" He nodded and showed her his wrist with a number on it. "Whats her name?" I asked him. He blushed and mumbled "Aurora." "Ok than call her right now." Greta bickered which made me snort. Aiden ran upstairs and Elliot following him probably to yell random stupid stuff by the phone so Aurora could here.
I smile and ask "Greta do you really think we can do this?" She nods and replies "We can do anything." I smirked and ruffled her hair. "Hey I'm going to Paris in a couple days you wanna come?" She softly says. "I don't know will your family mind." She flipped her hand through the air and giggled "Nah." "Alright than maybe."
"Hi." I heard a monotone voice say. A girl black hair and blue eyes with a ton of piercings stepped down the stairs with Aiden leading her. "Hi." Greta says cheerfully. I could tell she was a little intimidated by her, but calmed down.
Greta's POV
"I'm Greta." I stuck my hand out. "I'm Aurora Blue, Aidens friend." She replies shaking my hand. "And I do sing." She added while grasping my hand. "Ok well I just want to hear what you sound like." I say. She nods her head and asks "What should I sing? Is it fine if I sing Yesterday by the Beatles?" I nod. I love the Beatles and I didn't think she would because she kinda looks a little scary. I waited as she walked over to the mic and adjusts it.
~Yesterday by The Beatles~
Yesterday all my troubles seemed so far away.Now it looks as though they're here to stay.Oh, I believe in yesterday.