
Greta's POV
I woke up in a soft cushion. I couldn't see anything. What happened? Than I remembered. I was beaten and betrayed by Colton and his friends. I started tearing up making everything even more fuzzy.
Tears starting falling from my eyes as I heard a soft voice say "Don't cry kid." I didn't know who said it, but the voice sounded familiar. I sighed back "You don't know what I've been through though. I've been hurt by many people and betrayed by my boyfriend. I am blind right now and can hardly see anything and I've probably cried enough to fill ten Olympic pools." and than I added "And I'm not a kid."
I heard the guy chuckle. I realized I was in a car. My head was pounding and I feel like a dummy ninjas use to practice on. I groaned loudly. The guy said "Hold on I'm taking you to get something to eat. I bet your hungry you've been out for about three hours." I remember Jocelyn kicking my face. I mumbled a yes.
I felt the car stop and the door open. The guy walked around and opened my door. I got a better look at him. It was Colton. I felt anger rush to my head. I wanted to smack the stupid smile off his face. He helped me out of the car and I punched him in the stomach. He griped "Ok... ok I deserved that." I shouted back "Hell yeah you did. I can't believe you ran to Jocelyn when nothing happened to her, but you just stood they're and let them hurt me!" He looked at me. I couldn't tell what emotion he had on because my vision went blurry again.
~Time skip~
"I'm sooooo sorry!" He begged me for the millionth time as we sat down eating double chocolate donuts. He gave me my glasses that were smashed in the lenses. They weren't horrible but just good enough that I could use them.
He explained that Jocelyn told him I was beating her up and that I told her mean things. (which I kinda did but she deserved it) He also told me he rescued me when Jocelyn smashed my skull in. He just stood they're because he was shocked that his friends would do something this bad. He ran out of the school with me passed out and set me in his car so no one would hurt me. I forgave him and now we're here eating delicious donuts.
I say to him "Colton meet me at my place later today." "Ow Chumb?" He questioned with his mouth full of a strawberry sprinkle donut which made me crack up. "I just have to talk to you about something." I laughed. He nodded grinning which made me blush a little. I couldn't wait for later.
A/N Sorry for such a short chapter. I'll make sure the next one is nice and long to make up for this one.