
I slipped into her room and sat on her bed. The room looked similar to mine except she had posters on her walls of all her favorite singers and bands.
We were still pretty tired from the plane. We decided to stay home and take a couple naps and lounge around the pool.
Greta was poking her hickey. I walked up and grabbed her hands kissing her cheek. "Its not that bad. Come on let's watch a movie." She sighed unhappily and plopped down next to me.
Then I attacked her.
I kissed her all over her face as she giggled and gave me occasional kisses back. She tried to escape but I had her pinned down. "Colton!" She screamed in between breaths "Stop it! No! M-mm! Stop you a**." I have her more kisses. No matter what she did she couldn't get away.
Then I heard the door unlocked. I froze and so did Greta. I was on top of her so it was really awkward when her grandma walked in. "Boy what the hell do you think your doing with my granddaughter." She hollered. I rolled of her and sat up on the bed. Her grandma still had her eyebrow raised waiting for an answer. I put my hand behind the back of my neck and sheepishly started "Well you see....." Greta finished "We had a tickle fight." Her grandma gave us that mmhmmm look and eyed us cautiously before stepping out.
I looked at Greta and laughed "I should get going.""And where are you gonna go." she questioned raising an eyebrow. She obviously inherited all her looks from her grandma. "To sleep?" I said more like a question. I wasn't sure what I was even going to do.
She patted her hand on the bed next to her. I smirked and walked over there. "You sure your grandma won't mind?" I said more serious than I was going for. "Your my boyfriend she's gonna have to deal with it." She said jokingly.
I laid next to her holding her in my arms as we watched Happy Gilmore. She really liked Adam Sandler movies. I gave her small kisses as we watched.
"Hey, so about that baby Greta?" "What about it?" she asked intently watching the screen. "When do you want it." I asked slyly. "I'm turning 17 in a couple days so I'm gonna say not for a while." she said in a duh tone rolling her eyes. "Just a couple days ago you were ready to have it." I said."I was also drunk." she said rolling her eyes again "I'll tell you alright." she assured me. "Alright kiddo." I remarked kissing her.