
My toughness lasted for about 3.4 seconds before I was hit in the stomach. It was Josh. "You think our school needs a little show off like you?" He scowled. "Oh Joshy," I said sarcastically "I'm only trying to be like you."
I heard snickering and Josh turned bright red and slammed me against the locker. I coughed and spit out blood. The blow was really hard and I couldn't breath.
"Call me Joshy one more time loser." Josh tested. I coughed out not letting him get the best of me "Oh Joshy your stupid girlfriend is waiting for you." and it was true. Sophie Dilino was standing right they're snickering at me.
He kicked me in the ribs. I grabbed his foot and pulled him down making his 130 pound body come crashing down. He howled in pain. That made me smile a bit.
Everything was so blurry I couldn't even tell where my own hands were anymore. Josh and his buddy's were beating me up and everyone stood there and laughed. If only my brothers were here I thought.
I opened my eyes and to see a familiar face come up to the front of the circle made around me and the lockers and the stupid boys. It was Colton. Hot tears trickled down my face. Colton was a jerk back there comforting Jocelyn. She was the one who hurt me and not the other way around. I was mad at him and didn't want to see him right now.
Devon brought over more drinks to dump on me. I could feel all the sticky liquids running all over my skin. At least no one can see my tears now.
Colton just stood there like an idiot watching. Of course he wasn't going to do anything. I was just a second choice. He had no one to make out with yesterday so he came to me. he must have been at rock bottom if he had to come to me. I thought we had something real, but I guess not.
I turned my body so my face was against the lockers. The boys were hitting and kicking my back. I silently wept. I heard Jason yell "Colton come join us!" My tears stung. Not only my eyes or my tears, but my heart too. I felt another pair of feet on my back.
"I can't believe you Colton!" I yelled out. I lifted my head slightly to get a glimpse of, not Colton, but Jocelyn. She stomped on my head and it was lights out for me.