
Elliot's POV
I sat down at the dinner table finally getting that nasty dye out of my blonde hair. I sat next to Aiden. Noah was going to spend the week at a friends college dorm until we went to Paris next week. Yay a time to see Miss Hailey the Brat.
My dad sat across from me. We waited for my sister to get upstairs. She opened the door and a boy poked his head out from behind her. He walked behind her slowly. I yelled out "We don't bite!" He smiled and my sister laughed.
He had a choice to either sit by me or my dad. He decided to sit by me and have Greta sit by my dad. "So did you guys make out downstairs." I teased. Greta's face burned bright pink and yelled "Elliot we did not!" I gave her that uh huh look and ate my hamburger.
The whole table was silent. Dad finished quickly than went to finish work upstairs. Then I spoke up "Are you guys boyfriend/girlfriend." My sister and her boyfriends cheeks grew red. My sister gave me a death glare.
I laughed and my chair fell back. I rolled around on the ground as my sister yelled at me "Elliot it's not funny!" Aiden sat there bursting out laughs too. She gave minor death looks at Aiden. She grabbed her boyfriends hand and she stomped downstairs. Greta yelled up "He's not my boyfriend and his name is Colton!" And slammed the door shut.
I ran back upstairs and played with my phone on some music apps. Aiden walked to his room and strummed his guitar.
Greta's POV
"Your going to have to leave soon." I stated to Colton. "I know." He replied glumly. I smiled and tried to cheer him up. "Colton do you really want to be my boyfriend." I asked. He smirked and replied "Why not?"
I thought because I'm the lamest kid in school and no one likes me. "I don't know." I shrugged. He walked in front of me and said "Greta Shore. Do you take this man to be your boyfriend?" I laughed and said "I do." He smiled and replied "I do too." And then he kissed me.
I smiled against his soft lips. I ran my fingers through his hair and pulled away. He gave me a half smile and I told him he should get going. He looked sad, but I told him I'll see him tomorrow. He gave me a tight hug and left. I just sat there smiling like a dork.