
I pushed him away and grabbed my things cleaning myself up and covering the hickey with as much blush as possible.
Colton kept picking useless things up and yelling "Do you need this! How about these. This top is cute!" "Colton that's not a top." I shook my head "That's my bra." He blushed and threw it across my room.
I giggled and threw some purple shorts on with a Black Sabbath t-shirt, grabbed my converses. I left my hair down hoping it would help cover up the hickey. I had to use my glasses still because I still haven't bought new contacts.
My brothers were in the car waiting for us. Aurora wasn't coming because she had her own family stuff. The only reason Colton was coming is because his mom thought it would be a good experience.
And we were paying for his ticket.
Colton's POV
I still can't believe I'm going to Paris. This is just so cool. Aiden and Noah we're in the front while Eli, Greta and I were sitting in the back. She was busy making funny faces in the mirror. I chuckled and ruffled her hair. She pushed my arm off of her and giggled.
Almost to the airport. I was close to jumping out of my seat, but kept my cool. I've never really traveled so it was pretty exciting. We reached the airport and grabbed our bags.
Finally we were on the plane heading for Paris. Greta sat right next to me while her brothers sat a couple seats down from us. Greta passed out on my shoulder and I did the same on the window.~~~~I felt like a tornado had shook me awake.
It was just Greta.
She gave me a big smile and said "We're here!" We grabbed our luggage and found our way to a limo that had a sign saying 'reserved for the Shores'.
I looked at Greta in disbelief. She shrugged and laughed as we sat down in the cushiony seats. A tv was in there playing Billy Madison. There was a snow cone machine and a fridge full of food. I ate so much food I felt like my stomach was going to explode.
"So what do you think." Greta asked as we walked in the mansion. "Why don't you live here!" I asked."Because I'm not very fond of my mother." we heard screaming from a bedroom. "Or her." Greta remarked. Out came a girl around 9 with strawberry blonde hair and blue eyes. "I'm Hailey. Your kinda ugly." She said with a snooty attitude.
Greta looked at me and said "When you've got 2 rich parents in Paris and your an only child, you turn out like this." She held out both her hands to Hailey.
An older woman walked over to us. "My name is Eleanor, but please call me Ella." I could see the resemblance a little. They both had small noses and lots of freckles, but Ella had blues eyes and blonde hair while Greta had dark red hair and brown eyes. Her brothers looked a lot like they're mom.
Noah and Eli had blonde hair and blue eyes. Aiden had blue eyes but sandy brown hair.
"Mom this is Colton." Greta said. She shook my hand and said "Greta show your boyfriend his room." and she left.
"How does she know about us?" I asked as we walked up a staircase to a couple bedrooms. She shrugged leading me to a bedroom. "She just knows stuff I guess." she said. It was a pretty big room with a full sized bed and a balcony. there was a big mahogany dresser against a wall under a flat screen tv.
Greta closed my gaping mouth with her hand and smirked "I'll be in the room next door. I'm unpacking my things and then we can do whatever we want." I nodded.
I put my things away and knocked on her door. A women with green gooey stuff on her face opened the door. She scowled and slammed the door. Greta peeked out her door. "That was my grandmother." She told me.