
Greta's POV
"Greta wake up."
I roll over and open my eyes. Colton is centimeters from my face. He smirks and steals a kiss. I playfully smack his arm and sit up.
"Colton how is your room already a pig sty? We just got here yesterday!" I ask finding my way to the door. He shrugs and pulls a shirt over his head. I left the room and made my way next door.
I pull on my white skirt that went down to my knees. I put on a Spider-man t-shirt and my blue converses. My hickey was pretty much gone. I don't really understand how it left so fast, but I couldn't really see it anymore. I threw my hair in a fish tail and exited the room.
I knocked on Colton's door remembering not to open it. I can hear things being knocked over. I smile to myself and yell out "Colton you don't have to rush I'm staying out here."
He unlocks the door and pulls me inside. I fall over on him. He gives me a big kiss on the forehead and we head downstairs.
I grab a donut and walk out with Colton by my side. My moms car was gone so she probably was out at a photo shoot with my step dad.
We rented bikes and rode them to the Notre Dame Cathedral.
Colton's POV
Greta told me facts about the Notre Dame Cathedral. "Colton you know that the cathedral was one of the firsts ever built." she exclaims hitting me with a bunch of facts. "Shhhhhhhhh." I set my hand over her mouth and whisper "You talk to much." she smiles as we stare at the Notre Dame Cathedral.
Its Monday so it meant we had the whole week to go see things. Greta drags me over to a baguette shop.
I'm pretty sure it was like bread, but French.
"Come on Colton they have really good bread here." I nod as I follow her into the shop.
"Bonjour Monsieur.[Hello sir] "Greta smiled at the man.
"Bonjour Margaret, comment puis-je vous aider? [ Hello Margaret, how may I help you]" The man replied.
"Un bageutte s'il vous plaît. [a baguette please]" She smiles kindly as he gives her the bread and hands him a few euros. She says "Merci. [Thank you]" and exits the store.
"You know French!?!" I exclaim. She nods chomping on the bread. "How come you never told me!" I question. "Didn't ever think it was important." she shrugs.
We walked to a park. She was telling me about it,but I wasn't listening.
We sat down I the grass eating the baguette. "So your moms French." I asked. "Mhm." "And your dad is half Spanish making you a fourth Spanish, two fourths French and the other fourth not so important stuffs." "Yeah basically." She laughed. "So I'm guessing you know Spanish too?" I ask. She nods finishing the last of the bread.
I give her a quick kiss on the side of her head. "Colton we should get going." she says. I stand up and pull her up.
We walked back to her house passing people by all lovey dovey. Greta had told me Paris is like the city of love.
I think she was right too.
Everyday I felt more in love with the little red head. I squeezed her tight in my arms as we arrived home. "Mom I'm home!" Greta yells as her words echo through the house. "Greta were eating out! I know you don't like going out to the restaurants so you can make your own food here!"
She bit her lip and looked up at me."I don't mind staying here Greta. Its ok." I assured her while making a mental note never to take her to a restaurant for a date.