
Liza Kate's POV:Shawn & I have been together for about 8 months so far, but tonight is our 9 month anniversary ! I need to get ready, our date was at 8:30 tonight , and it was 7:30 now. I put on a sweat swear shirt and a pear of sweat pants that shawn left at my house to do my hair and makeup in. I then wait for mahogany to get here because she was going to help me get ready for our date tonight . About 5 minutes later, I hear a knock on the door , it's mahogany. I run down stairs and let her in, we then go back up stairs so that she can help me get ready . " Do you want a lot of makeup , or just some eye liner and foundation ?" She asked . " Just eyeliner and foundation this time ." I responded. After she did my makeup,it was time for my hair to be done.Mahogany put a braid on each said of my head, and pined them up with my pony tail . " I look amazing so far , simply amazing." I said breathlessly .
"Catch!" she said smiling at me. I then saw what she picked out for me to wear tonight , and wow. Mahogany had picked out black high waisted shorts, a floral pink and lavender crop top, and my lavender vanZ. I then put on the outfit . I looked great . I hugged her and said thank you . " No problem." she said, then she went home to hang out with Jacob . I then got a text , it was shawn . (S=shawn ,L=Liza).S- I'm on my way babe ❤️L- okay👌 S- I love you 😘L- I love you more😊S- that's not possible❤️About 10 minutes later, I got a call from jack Johnson . (J=jack ,L=Liza).
L- hello?J- shawn got in a car accident , on the way to get you ! L- WHAT?!J-we are at the hospital now .L- I'm on my way!I then Hung up on the call , and ran to my car as fast as I could , and drove quickly up to the hospital . Sobbing and basically having a panic attack I ran in, and saw all the guys in the waiting area. As soon as I saw them, I ran into Cameron's arms and sobbed into his chest. "It's okay , just let it out Liza Kate ." he said . Then , 5 minutes later , the doctor said that we could see shawn, but only one at a time . after he told us that, without even asking , I sprinted down to Shawn's room. as I run in , I see shawn laying there. He looked so lifeless , so still. I walked over to the side of the bed a sat in the chair, and put my face in my hands . I felt tears run down my face, "why, why him , and not me, why am I not the one laying here, he's shawn Mendes, the world needs him, I'm not needed here in this life ." I said just above a whisper, as I cried into my hands . I looked up , and shawn began to open his eyes "I need you, your needed with me, with out you I have nothing , you are the reason the stars hang in the sky , the reason the earth spins ." he said with a tear coming down his cheek. I wiped it away with my thumb . I guess he heard me, he wasn't supposed to hear all of that . He then scooted over in his bed , and signaled me over to him. " Are you sure you aren't in too much pain , right now ?" I said before I began moving." I would want you beside me, even if I was in pain ." he said . I then slowly got on the bed with him, and kissed him on the cheek . " I love you." he said . " I love you too ." I said . " I swear , as soon as I get out of this place , I will give you a re-do anniversary date." he said smiling at me. " sounds good." I said laying my head on my shoulder. Then , we both drifted to sleep .