
Greta's POV
I slowly woke up with a pounding headache. I stretched out on the bed. I felt something spiky on my back. I turned over and found a plastic crown from when I was like five. I groaned and got out of bed. I realized I had slept in my clothes from last night. What even happened!?!
I stepped on the stairs and then fell half way down. "Oomph." I mumble has I get off of the floor. I make my way to the kitchen when I see Colton eating a bowl of cereal. "Hey!" I yelled out "Your eating my cereal!" He put his hands up from the bowl and pushed it towards me. "You can have it." He laughed.
All that was left was milk and a couple corn flakes. I gave him a death look.
He plopped on the couch and asked snickering "You still want the baby Greta?" "What are you talking about!" I shouted.
He busted out laughing.
"Colton this isn't funny when did I ever say I wanted a baby." "Yesterday when you got drunk." he laughed. "Colton that's stupid because I don't even drink." I said. "Well you had about three cans and two bottles of beers." he smirked "I think you have a drinking problem."
Than realization hit me.
"Hey it won't kill you to have one." He said. I smiled, but it quickly faded. "Aw come on Greta. Be the life of the party." "But no one even likes me!" I whined. He sighed "Fine no kisses for you anymore."
Omg. I did drink. A lot. On my defense I wouldn't get kisses. I crossed my arms over my chest and stated "I had too or you wouldn't give me any kissed." He laughed at me even more.
I heard the door click and my dad came in. I grabbed Colton's arm and ran downstairs. "Come on!" I whisper shouted as we fled down the stairs.
I tripped, slipped lost my grip and tumbled down the stairs.
"Ow." I shrieked rubbing my head. There was my knight in shining armor laughing his a** off at me. I glared at him and noted to kick him out of my house later.
I grabbed his arm to pull myself up, but Colton lost his balance and fell on me. He met my eyes and gave me wiggly eyebrows. I didn't let my glare escape his gaze though. "Alright I'm sorry for making you drink beer and crap and letting you go crazy." he finally apologized. I smiled and he gave me a big kiss on the forehead.
His eyes dropped down to my neck and he gasped. "What!?" I asked. "Colton what's wrong?" I got up from the floor and bolted to the bathroom across the room. I looked at my neck in the mirror. There was a hickey as big as a golf ball on my neck. "Colton!" I quivered "What exactly happened last night!"
He explained everything. Us going under the bleachers. Me almost going to a strangers house for who knows what reason. Colton taking me to a classroom. And then a guy coming and sucking of my neck. He told me other things that had happened after too, but how could I let myself do that. Let a guy I didn't know put his hands on me.
I curled up in a ball in the corner of the basement. Colton holding me. I silently cried. I felt horrible. "Don't beat yourself up kid. I've seen worse." Colton whispered in my ear. I got up and remembered something
I'm supposed to be in Paris
"Omg Colton come on we're gonna miss the plane!" He gave me a panicked look and we set off for upstairs.
"Hi dad!" I yelled. I passed him and yelled "Bye dad!"
"Colton what are you still doing here!" I screamed. "Go get your stuff!" "Hey baby calm down. I packed before I came here. You made sure of it." He smirked.