
Colten's POV
School had been pretty ruff but flew by and it was Friday. The school was holding a party for all the participants in the band thing. I was picking up Greta and her brothers and Aurora were riding in Aiden's car.
I drove into her driveway and knocked on the door. Greta was wearing a metallic gray Queen t-shirt and white shorts. Just casual. We had to perform a song tonight just kinda like a rehearsal for the real thing.
"You look great." I say. She looked down at herself and put on a quizzical face. She responds "I wear this kinda stuff every day." I blush and say "Well your hair looks good." She knitted her brows together than said "Its just a messy bun. Nothing special." I sigh and open the car door giving up. She laughs at my stupidness.
As I drive she hums along to the song playing on the radio. It was a song called Like I'm Gonna Lose You by I think Meghan Trainor. She turned to me and started to sing "So I'm gonna love you, like I'm gonna lose you. I'm gonna hold you, like I'm saying goodbye." I chuckled as she mumbled more to me.
We pulled into the school driveway and made our way to the door. Aurora, Aiden and Elliot were there waiting for us. Greta gripped my hand. She was nervous because she didn't want to be bullied. She's had to suffer through it for the past week.
We stepped in and saw everyone dancing. Cases of beer were in a corner. Our school didn't care if we had beer here. They really didn't care about anything.
I walked over to the corner and grabbed a can. Greta followed closely not wanting to mix with the other people staring daggers at her. She whispered "were on after The Singing Cheerleaders." I snicker "Wow what an original name." She nods her head and giggles.
Basically "The Singing Cheerleaders" were made up of Jocelyn and her goons Sophie, Jessica, Tess and Ella. They hopped on the stage. I think they were doing A cappella or something because they had no instruments. They announced they were going to sing Shake It Off by Taylor Swift. The most annoying song ever.
Finally the screeching had stopped. Everyone was clapping, some people even crying! I looked at Greta who was rolling her eyes over and over again. I laughed at her as she smiled.
She pulled me to the stage. She grabbed her bass and walked over to Aurora who positioned herself in front of a microphone. Elliot and Aiden arrived and took there places. We heard booing and someone threw a beer can at Greta. She smacked it away from her face and started "Hi, were going to play um Moving Out by Billy Joel so yeah." she finished looking at her feet. Everyone was booing and giving us the finger. She looked at me and we started.
Aurora-italics Greta-bold Both- bold and italics-Start of Song-
Anthony works in the grocery storeSavin' his pennies for some dayMama Leone left a note on the door,She said,"Sonny, move out to the country."
Oh but workin' too hard can give you a heart attackYou oughta know by nowWho needs a house out in Hackensack?Is that all you get for your money?
And it seems such a waste of timeIf that's what it's all aboutMama, if that's movin' up then I'm movin' out.
Sergeant O'Leary is walkin' the beatAt night he becomes a bartenderHe works at Mister Cacciatore's down on Sullivan StreetAcross from the medical center
And he's tradin' in his Chevy for a CadillacYou oughta know by nowAnd if he can't driveWith a broken backAt least he can polish the fenders