
Greta's POV
"ELLIOT! WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY CLOTHES!" All of my clothes were full of mud. It was the first day of school and I would have nothing to wear except the pjs from last night.
Elliot had snuck into my room last night and smothered mud everywhere in my drawers. I ran to the laundry room with Noah and Aiden behind me. Noah looked at me and questioned "Elliot?" "Yeah." I nodded. I'm guessing they also got the present from our younger 14 year old brother.
I had a plan of revenge. "Has Elliot taken his shower yet?" Aiden replied "Nope. He's still sleeping." I grinned mischievously and cackled "Perfect." My brothers looked at each other with grins bigger than mine.
We arrived to the laundry room. I grabbed my black Beatles shirt and threw on some light wash shorts. Aiden and Noah grabbed there clothes as well.
It's a good thing we wake up way before Elliot. He likes to sleep in and than rush to get ready in the morning.
I told Aiden and Noah my plan and we snuck off to Elliot's bathroom. Aiden grabbed his pranks box. We all had one, but Aiden and Elliot had the biggest prank boxes. I grabbed bright pink and neon orange hair dye. We squeezed the pink in Elliot's shampoo and the orange in his conditioner. We than shook the sparkles in his old spice body wash. I giggled as we put everything back and waited.
We ran back downstairs bumping into my dad. "Kids watch where your going." he hollers laughing as he helps me up from the ground. "Sorry." we all mumble. My dad was the best. We got downstairs to a whole table of bacon and eggs. I licked my lips and started eating.
Noah was a vegetarian so he just ate eggs. He wasn't a vegan where he wouldn't eat anything that had to do with an animal in some way or form, he just didn't eat meat. I and my other brothers on the other hand were %100 carnivores.
We were still eating when we heard a girly high pitched scream from upstairs. I looked at my brothers with wide eyes trying not to burst out laughing.
Elliot ran down stairs with a towel around his waist. His blonde hair splotched with pink and orange. His body was covered in sparkles. He pointed to his hair and screamed "WHAT! IS! THIS!" I couldn't help it. Noah and Aiden couldn't either. We busted out laughing with our hands around our stomachs. Elliot stood there his face turning as red as a stop sign and screamed "THIS ISN'T FUNNY!"
My dad looked around confused at what was going on. "Enough." His loud voice boomed in the house.
It became dead silent in 2 seconds flat. "What happened to your hair Elliot?" My dad asked. "They happened." Elliot said pointing to all of us. I had to hold my hand over my mouth to burst out laughing.
"Noah what did you guys do?" My dad questioned. "Well." Noah started. "Elliot filled all of our dressers with mud getting all out clothes dirty and muddy. So handling it like any adult would we put hair dye in his shampoo and glitter in his soap stuff."
My dad shot a stern look at all of us. He sighed and shook his head walking out with Elliot chasing him complaining about his hair.
My brothers and I looked at each other and burst out laughing once again.
~~~~~~~~~~~30 minutes later~~~~~~~~~~~
Elliot's POV
I'm so getting those three back later. The first day of school and I'm gonna look like an idiot. Noah left early to go to college. He was 19 and on his second year all ready. Greta, Aiden and I rode the bus to our high school. I grabbed my sweatshirt and put the hood over my head hoping no one would notice my hair or my sparkly legs. I had to wear shorts. It's way to hot in California not to. Anyway I got on the bus after Greta and Aiden and these other kids at our bus stop Brooklyn, Stacy, Kylie, Daniel and Hunter.