
Greta's POV
I woke up on the basement floor curled up with my bass in my arms. I wish it was Colton. Wait what did I just think. Ugh never mind. I sprinted up the stairs and into the bathroom. I opened the container with my contacts. My jaw dropped down to my feet. My contacts had paint splattered all over them. There was a note on the inside of my cabinet.
It read
Dear Margret, I loved what you did to my hair yesterday. I tried out your contacts and they don't seem to work to well so I made a few enhancements on how you see color. Your welcome.
- Elliot.
That little brat! He's gonna pay, but I can't deal with that right now. I looked for any other container of contacts, but I had no luck.
I rummaged through my drawers and found my glasses. They were really nerdy and I hated wearing them. But without them I would stumble around like a drunk. I grabbed my AC/DC sweater and put on dark denim shorts. I let my long red hair stay in it's natural curls. I grabbed a granola bar and sprinted for the bus.
"Elliot you need to stop being a jerk and ruining all of my stuff!" He wasn't listening though. He was laughing at my glasses. The bus came to a stop. I tried to keep my head down so no one would notice.
We arrived to school. I looked at the bulletin board by the office to see what was new. A poster was stapled up there. It read
Clash of the Bands
Everyone can participate in the event. It is new this year and whoever wins gets to go to the recording studio for free and record songs there with your band.
And blah blah blah. Jocelyn Cantina the schools princess walked over and scoffed "You don't really think your going to do this do you geek?" I didn't answer her. She slapped me and kicked my shins and spit in my face "Hey loser you scared I'm gonna beat you. Oh wait no one likes you so how are you even going to get a band."
I shot back "Why do you care? You sound like a dying mule when you sing and you couldn't even play Mary Had A Little Lamb on the damn recorder if your life depended on it!" Her face turned beet red.
She slapped me and kicked me in the stomach. She was about to say something when Colton stepped in. "Colton! Do something!" She cried. Colton looked at me quizzically than asked "What happened?" I smirked "She thinks she's going to beat me in the Clash of the Bands." And than I walked off.
Colton looked at me from the end of the hallway unhappy and held Jocelyn in his arms as he walked away. Grrr. I can't believe I thought he would actually like me. And after he told me his secret. I sprinted to the bathroom pushing through people. When I ran into him.
One of Colton's friends, Josh Dunlap, pushed me down to the floor. My glasses skittered across the floor. I heard a crunch. "You dumb a** what did you do to my glasses!" I screamed at him. I could make out a ring forming around us.
"Greta, why do you think you can win the band contest?" He spat. How did he already find out? Omg it's probably already all over Twitter and Instagram. More of his friends surrounded him. I think Tanner, Jason, Devon and Tyler.
Tyler came over and dumped his soda on my head. I stood up and swung my fists around. I heard someone groan, I think Devon maybe, good I hit one of them. I felt a hand on my head so I couldn't walk any further. Just walking in place swinging my arms around looking like an idiot. I heard cameras going off. My vision cleared for a few seconds and Tanner was the one holding me in place.
I stopped and kicked him. He fell to the ground whimpering in pain. I held up my fists as I hit another boy in the face and elbowed Jason in the ribs. I yelled out "Who wants another!"