
Greta's POV
I walked into school. A new year a new start. Hah yeah right. That would never happen for me. The first thing I hear is "Hey geek play me a lullaby." I rolled my eyes and kept walking. I could feel eyes on my back as I strolled past everyone and arrived to my locker. Everyone was whispering about me. Ugh. High school.
~~~~~~~~Later at School~~~~~~~~
"Ow." I screeched when my face smacked against a locker. "What's the matter geek? Your a nobody and no one likes you." Colton spat. "Why don't you just leave this school." I grabbed my stuff and kept walking with Colton on my heels.
He just likes to pick on me. You know how some people have "a bully" well yeah. Colton was my bully. Its been this way since sixth grade.
"Colton leave me alone." I mumbled. I fell to the ground and all my books and papers slid everywhere. "Not until you leave geek." He hissed. "What is your problem!" I yelled at him. He looked at me than turned around kicking my books farther down the hall way.
I got up and wiped the dust of my shorts. I gathered my books and made my way to the band room. My teacher Mrs. Huttlen. "Hello Greta what instrument are you playing today." Ugh. This is almost as annoying as Colton harassing me all the time. "My trumpet I guess." I said grabbing the golden instrument and taking my seat.
Finally band was over and so was orchestra. The first day went pretty well I guess if you forget about stupid Colton. I opened my locker and was instantly pushed in. I gasped as I heard the door shut.
I wiggled around to face the door. I started banging the locker door and yelled "Colton you a**! Let me out!" I heard snickering on the door. "Greta you freak. Why don't you just shut up." I heard Colton snicker.
Than I heard my brothers out there. "Aiden open the locker!" I screamed. It was getting really stuffy and the walls felt like they were closing in on me.
Finally I heard a click and I tumble out of the green cage. I grabbed my stuff and Aiden, Elliot and I raced to the busses.
We finally got off the bus and into our house. Our dad was still at work. "You guys are so lucky no one saw my hair." Elliot exclaimed. Aiden and I rolled out eyes. "Eli it's not that bad." I said. "Easy for you to say. It didn't happen to you." he shot back.
I muttered whatever as we ran down stairs to the basement. It was pretty big, but unfinished. I grabbed my bass and plugged it in. Elliot sat on the other side of the room fiddling with the keyboard. Aiden had come to grab his guitar and than snuck back upstairs.
I never really heard any of them play before. Aiden and Noah were both guitarists though and Elliot plays piano. I've just heard small little tidbits of them, but those small tidbits were amazing. I guess they were just like me. Not really wanting anyone to know yet somehow people find out anyway.
I started playing Iron Man by Black Sabbath. I played that song whenever I was kind of upset. I don't know why. I think it's just because it the first song I ever learned on the bass when I started to play the bass and my parents were in the middle of divorcing. I guess I just had some sad background with that song.
Elliot had got up and left to do homework. He said I sounded pretty good. I totally forgot he was even down here. I started up the song again when someone busted downstairs. My jaw dropped when I saw who it was.