
And it seems such a waste of timeIf that's what it's all aboutMama, if that's movin' up then I'm movin' out.
You should never argue with a crazy mindYou oughta know by nowYou can pay Uncle Sam with the overtimeIs that all you get for your money?
And if that's what you have in mindYeah, if that's what you're all about,Good luck, moving up, 'cause I'm movin' out!
I'm movin' out...
-End of Song-
I heard like 2 people cheering and that was the supervisors who were getting drunk slowly.
We rushed of the stage and to the back of the curtains. "Omg that was amazing!" Greta squealed. She pecked my cheek and ran the instruments to the van with Aurora.
I turned to Aiden and Eli. "Do you think Greta is actually really in love with me."
Elliot shrugged "I have no idea because I am not a fool who falls in love." Aiden replied "Oh you'll get there someday." Elliot walked of to the sea of people and disappeared.
Aiden turned to me and remarked "Yeah she does. Aurora is kinda like her in a way but-" I cut him off "You and Aurora are dating!" He gave me a look I recognize from Greta, the are-you-seriously-that-stupid look.
"Im dating Greta, but it feels weird. Like I really like her a lot, but I don't know if she feels the same. Ugh why are girls so complicated." Woah. I just had a really girly moment there. Aiden shook his head with a grin "Dude she talks none stop about you. I hear her in the basement when you leave talking to herself how she wished you would stay when everyone was gone. I know it's sounds really creepy, but she means it in the best possible way." I let out a relieved sigh.
The girls came back talking about who knows what. Aiden and Aurora we're going home and took Eli with. I don't know why they left honestly, but I didn't care.
I grabbed Greta's hand and pulled her to the corner with alcohol. She bit her lip nervously than something hit me. She's never had beer before. "Hey it won't kill you to have one." she smiled, but it quickly faded. "Aw come Greta. Be the life of the party." "But no one even likes me!" She whined. I sighed "Fine no kisses for you anymore."
She gave me a pouty face and grabbed a bottle of some sort of beer and drank it. She basically chugged it. She looked at me and I gave her a satisfied grin.
"You know I've had alcohol before." she said blandly. "Oh really and when was that, in your past life?" I grinned. "No when I was eleven I drank some of my dads vodka lemonade thinking it was just plain old lemonade. five seconds later my throat flamed up." She smiled while on her second beer. I started to smile too. She was so cute.
We walked around while being booed at and cursed at. We ignored them all. Girls still fell for me though and it was really annoying.
We hid behind the bleachers where a blonde and this jock were sucking each other's faces. Once they noticed us the just went farther down the bleachers to continue there make out session.
I glanced at Greta who was on her fourth beer! God what did I get her into! "Ok I think you've had enough." I stated pulling the can from her. "Buut I'm nooot donnnee." she slurred. Great. Now I have to deal with a drunk.
My conscious fought back, but your the one who pushed her to drink! To drink one! Not freaking five! She was just trying to fit in! My conscious shouted. Wait this is stupid. I made a mental not to stop fighting with myself.