
Greta's POV
"What the hell are you doing in my house Colton!" I yell as he prances down the stairs. He smirks as he gets uncomfortably close to me. I take a few steps back as he followed me.
My bass hung down from my neck as he pushed me against the wall. His face was inches from mine. "What are you doing." I whisper as he gets closer. I push him away as I crawl under his arms.
"Are you crazy. What the hell were you doing." He blushed and grinned. "Greta I have to tell you something." "What Colton." I said rolling my eyes. I crossed my arms waiting for his answer. He replied "I like you Greta. Like a lot."
I choked on my own spit and choked out "You w-what!" He blushed.
Colton's POV
Okay I know it's weird to come to her house and just randomly say "I like you a lot" but I could never do it at school. I'm expected to beat her up which I feel terrible about.
"Look Greta I'm sorry for bullying you and stuff but I really like you. A lot!" I said. Her cheeks burned and her eyes grew wide.
She turned around and took deep breaths. She turned back around with her head down and whispered "Really?" I took her hands and whispered back chuckling "Yeah Greta." she looked at me and smiled with a big grin, but never said anything.
She let go of my hands and picked her bass back into her hands and started fingering "Cant Stop" while strutting around and bobbing her head. I laughed as she giggled. Than she stopped.
She looked at me and said "I don't believe you! This is all just a joke! Your a bully to me!" She screams in my face setting her bass on a guitar stand. "Margret I am dead serious. You don't even know what you mean to me!" I hollered after her.
She looked at me with watery eyes and said "If you loved someone you wouldn't bully them!" I grabbed her wrist. She ripped it away from me and I growled with frustration.
I saw a drum set in the corner of my eye and walked towards it. Greta looked at me with confusion as I sat down. I smacked the drums playing to a song she recognizes. I finished and she looked speechless. "I-I never knew you played he drums." She stammered. I smirked "You don't know a lot about me. Anyway no one knows I play the drums. Your the only one." She blushed and stated "Well your really good." I laughed and said "Thx you too."
She smiled and sat down fingering her bass playing with the metal strings. I played a steady beat and we just messed around playing whatever when we heard her dad call down "Greta its time for dinner and your friend can stay if he wants."
She smiled and put her bass on the stand and gave me a look questioning if I wanted to stay. I nodded and we started up the stairs when she mumbled "I like you too Colton." I blushed as we made it all the up the stairs.