
To be honest, I've never considered myself more fun, or cooler than Aoi. It's just that I happen to be ten times more outgoing than she is. Maybe if my best friend wasn't so scared to talk to people, she'd be considered fun. Watching her pack, I scroll through Twitter, attempting to entertain myself. "Piper?"
"Huh? Ow!"
I throw the pillow back at her and huff. "Aren't you supposed to be packing anyway, Pippy?"
"Don't call me that."
"Whatever, dummy."
She's such a little bitch. Chuckling, to myself of course, I resume my Twitter life. Somehow, another pillow makes it's way to my face. "Aoi, I swear to- GET OFF OF ME!"
We wrestle around for a few minutes, before she finally decides to leave me the hell alone. "One of these days I'm going to kill you."
On her face is the most satisfied grin I've ever seen. "And then will you pack?"
Just trying to get her to screw off, I start packing my clothes. Her dad comes in, wiping tears away, her stepmom close behind him. "I'm going to miss you girls."
The stepmom, who speaks more Thai than English, sniffles a little. "I will miss, too."
After a long hugging session, they finally leave. Aoi starts packing again, obviously holding back tears. "You okay?"
The girl nods, and immediately perks back up. "I'm fine. But if you don't start packing I might have a mental breakdown."
And for once in my life I decide to listen to her. Did I mention how much I
hate packing? Especially when it's every thing I own. Thinking back to when I decided to move in with Aoi, I recall the hundreds of boxes I had to move into her room, which was the size of a decent apartment. I moved in after we graduated. At that time, both of us had high hopes of getting into good colleges, and becoming artists. Waiting for letters and receiving none, we just decided to move. Somewhere that we could actually make it big. Not that Canada doesn't have any opportunities. Well. It really doesn't, I suppose. So, Aoi got the bright idea of going to Seoul, South Korea. "We'll fit in fine," she'd said, fixing her makeup. I guess I believe her. But,then again, I have doubts about what will happen when we actually get there. Not that I expect us to be homeless, or anything like that, since Aoi has unlimited money. It's just that I don't expect us to get offers to be in girl bands or K-Dramas like she thinks we will. Then again, I could be 100% wrong. Wouldn't be the first time. Ooh, I could just imagine it now!Having some hot, Korean boyfriend that the entire world envies. Aoi getting a gay ass boyfriend like she always manages to get. Anxiety's building up in me, but I'm not sure if it's the bad kind.
☮ ☮ ☮
The sound of tape being spread across the sound of a box, the last box, fills my ears. This is it. Carrying it out to the truck, I see none other than my best friend, Aoi, sitting on the top of the cab. She's singing something, though I'm not sure what. Even if she seems distracted, it only takes her a millisecond to see me. I watch her quickly climb down, and she runs to me, giggling. "Are you okay?"
"Are you kidding?! I'm fantastic! We're really moving!"
She grips my hands, spinning around. Soon, I'm laughing, too. Her dad gets in the truck, switching off whatever music she was listening to. And, being the bipolar person she is, Aoi starts bawling. "Hey? What's wrong?"
The girl I've spent a majority of my life with shakes her head, wiping her face. "I'm gonna miss it here, you know? My parents. Everyone."