
Aiden came running back in the house. He stops looking at Greta and says "There's a party tomorrow that my friend is throwing. I offered for our band to play a song. You guys wanna come?" "Which friend?" Greta asked. "Danny...." He says sheepishly.
Greta's POV
I had a great day with Colton. It was the best. Just messing around in Paris having a blast, but no. Aiden had to bring up Danny.
You see Danny is a pervert. He used to stalk me on the streets of Paris and watch me while I slept.
He was creepy and a stalker and just I hated him.
He asked me out once. I was 14 and said yes. He was my first boyfriend, but I didn't ever count him as one.
He wasn't a jerk. He wasn't mean.
He was manipulative.
Which I guess made him partially a jerk and mean.
"No." I say flat out."What! Why not!" Aiden whined."You know damn well why." I yelled. Colton came by my side rubbing my upper arms up and down trying to calm me down.
I shrugged him off and walked away.
I hadn't heard from him since we broke up. That was 2 years ago. I was glad he was gone. I didn't miss him. I didn't want him back, but I know he wanted me. And I could not go to that party.
I hear footsteps behind me. "Aiden I said no." I grumble. He didn't respond. I turned around and it was Colton. "Hey kid." "Colton what do you I want." I complain not meeting his sea green eyes. "You." He smirks. My eyes did a back flip in its sockets from rolling so much.
He chuckles at me and pulls me into his chest. "You wanna talk about it?" He asks obviously meaning Danny. I answer "Non." "Yes?" He questions."That means no." I stated. "Maybe some other time." He nods.
He leads me into his messy bedroom and pulls me on top of him as he collapses on his bed. I trace his face drawing circles around his cheeks. "Greta you know we can go home as soon as we're finished playing. Don't let Aiden down. He joined your band so you owe him one." "Actually number one, he will trap me in his house. Number two, I can let him down if it's risking my own safety. Number three, this is our band Aiden will thank me when we're famous so he's actually gonna owe me a ton." I correct.
He kisses all around my face as I kiss his lips every time they pass my lips. "Colton." I start. He mumbles a mmm sound not breaking from kissing my face. "Why did you choose me out of all the other girls?" I ask.
He stopped and looked at me with his intense green eyes. "Because you aren't like them. Different from the rest. Because you aren't wanting to make out every second and try to get in my pants. I like your personality. Your cute and funny and really really talented. You could care less in what you wear and we have things in common. I choose you because your you." he finishes. I gave him a hug and he returned with a giant squeeze.
"I'll go to that party." I whispered in his ear. "And I'll protect you." He replies.