
Greta's POV
Colton was snoozing next to me as my movie ended. I pried his arms of of me and got up to get some food.
I swiftly ran to the kitchen to find food. My brothers were all sleeping. I could hear them snoring. The only one awake in this house was my grandmother. "Who was that boy Greta?" She asked. "My boyfriend." I replied grabbing a popsicle.
"I don't like him." She simply stated and walked up to her room. "Yeah, but I don't care what you think." I muttered under my breath.
Footsteps came running behind me. Hailey. I turned around facing the 10 year old with pounds of make up on and designer clothes. Ugh. "Greta your looking incredibly ugly today." she said smirking. "And your looking like a clown college threw up on you." I shot back. She glared at me and stomped to her room.
Colton yawned from the top of the steps making his way down. "My grandma doesn't like you." I said laughing. He smiled "Ill get on her good side."
I handed him a popsicle and hopped up on the counter. His chest was inches from mine as he kisses my cheeks."Stop Colton." I blushed. He shook his head kept kissing me. He came down to where my hickey was and stopped and stared.
I hopped of the counter throwing my popsicle stick away. "Yeah I know it's ugly." I sighed. He stuttered "No-no that's- that's not wha-what I meant. Its my fault it happened." "It's ok." I sighed breathing in and out.
Its hard not to cry over something that you feel absolutely guilty about.
I was crushed by a monster hug from Colton. "Alright." I choked "I forgive you." He let go letting me breathe. "I wanna go swimming." I said. "Go get your trunks on I'll be out in 2 minutes.
Colton's POV
I bolted up the stairs and threw my clothes off. I rummaged through my drawers for my trunks. someone knocked on the door and turned the door knob.
Before I knew what was happening Greta was there there in the doorway, staring at me, while I was currently naked. She screamed. I screamed. I ran to the bathroom and slipped my trunks back on.
I met her down at the pool. She was swimming around splashing in the water. I jumped in and swam to her. "Hey I'm sorry about...." I cut her off. "Its fine." She nodded than went underwater. I followed her around sometimes pulling her back up and tickling her.
Our fingers were turning to prunes and the sky was black. "Come on." I held my hand out as I pulled her out of the pool. We walked in when her mom yelled "Be down here in 10 minutes!" I looked at Greta who still looked sad. "Whats up kiddo.""I don't know I feel like an idiot walking in on you." "I told you it's fine kid."
She nodded and went to her shower. I ran to mine and quickly washed the chlorine of my body.
I put some clothes on and walked to Greta's room. I knocked on her door and opened it. She was standing there with only her underwear and bra on. Her face flushed and she picked up the towel holding it against her. I grinned and she blushed more. "Get out Colton." She sighed.
I walked down the stairs to the dinner table. "Where's Greta?" Her mother asked. I thought about her in her underwear. I smiled "Upstairs."
Greta came down the steps. She looked at me and her cheeks flamed up. She sat next to me with her face bright red. I glanced at her and she turned a deeper shade of red.
Her mom made this type of French food that Greta doesn't like so her and I just ate waffles. Yup. Waffles for dinner.
"Moooooooom!" Hailey screamed from across the table. "What Hailey?" Her mom replied. "I can't eat looking at this ugly people!" She yelled. Her mom rolled her eyes and finished eating.