
I watched Greta as she grabbed another beer. I rubbed my temples and sat down. She walked away and disappeared around the corner of the bleachers.
I got up and followed her. She was dancing with another guy, he obviously was drunk because no one in this school would even look at her.
She was giggling and dancing like a complete idiot. I had to get her out of here. The guy she was dancing with slyly said "Hey baby you wanna come home with me?" She nodded as I dragged her away. He did the call me signal. She nodded again as I threw her over my shoulder.
I went in one of the classrooms that weren't full of people making out. Don't ask why they didn't have the doors locked to the classrooms. Our school is just a really crappy sucky one.
I set her on a bean bag chair. She smiled and hiccuped twirling her hair around. "Greta?" I asked calmly. She giggled "Colton are we getting married?" She was slowly dozing off, her eyes hardly opening and her words slurring more and more. "Yeah uh huh. Sure Greta we're getting married." I stated. Why did I force her to drink? I'm so stupid.
The boy who Greta was dancing with came in and jumped on her. He started kissing her neck. I ripped him off of her. "That's enough now leave." I shouted aggravated with him and Greta at the moment. I locked the door and sat back down by Greta.
"Hey when diiid you geeet here!" Greta asked astonished off how I must have just appeared next to her. "Shhhhhhhhhhh." i exclaimed just smooshing my hand over her mouth. She looked down at my hands and started mumbling angry things.
She ripped my hand off and slurred again "Colton are we having baby's now." I glared at her and sighed "No Greta were not having baby's right now." She pouted and came and gave me a hug. It was a really retarded hug where her arms were under and over my shoulders. She whined "But Cooolton. Whyyyy?" "We need to get you home." I said under my breath.
"You still haven't answered my question." she yawned while I tried to get a grip on her and not drop her as we left. No such luck. "Greta your drunk. You don't actually want a baby or you know that stuff." She started crying. Crap. "But I want a baby." She cried. I kissed her forehead and whispered "You can have a baby later ok." She looked up and held her pinky out. "Promise?" Now I have to promise her a baby! I smacked my forehead. "Alright alright." I held my pinky out.
I grabbed her and she leaned on me as we walked out. Bang!. I looked over saw Greta rubbing her head. "Ow." She simply says. I pulled her in closer so she wouldn't smack her head against anymore doors.
Finally we made it to the car. I examined how she looked. She had her shirt untucked and hair sticking out everywhere. I got a text. I looked down and it was from Aiden.
Aiden- Hey I'm stayin at Auroras and Eli's at a sleepover with our neighbors
Me- ok cool. guess who got totally wasted.
Aiden- holy sh*t don't tell me Greta.
Me-.....
Aiden- Omg its a good thing my dads working a couple hours away so he had to rent a hotel.
Me- Greta says to tell you she wants to borrow your cookies??
Aiden- don't let her touch my cookies!!!
Me- ight I gtg little miss over here is trying to jump out of the car
Aiden- Alright don't get into to much trouble. Later
I turned to Greta and groaned "Greta stop trying to take off your shirt!" "But it's itchyyyy!!" She complained.