
~My Pov~
My mom just got a new nursing job a crossed town. So we had to move, I wasn't to worried because the house was better than our old one. Our old was to small. This new house was way bigger but cost just a much. And it was in a nicer neighborhood. Which is good for me cause my mom never me walk to the park or anywhere. It was all because she didn't like our old neighborhood. She was scared I would get kidnapped or something. I'm kinda glad we moved because I didn't really have any friends at school anymore. All my "friends" went off with the popular groups so I just stayed to myself. So moving was good for me, it gave me the opportunity to start fresh at a new school. And make new friends...hopefully.
{Moving Day}
~My Pov~
Today was the day we had to move all of our stuff into the new house. My uncles came to help us. We were moving for what seemed forever. By the end of the day our house was filled with boys we had to unpack. Yay. 😒
{a week later}
*It's summer time so I don't have to worry about school for a while*
"MOM!" I yelled from my room (which was already all unpacked. The hole house except the dining room, the living room & the kitchen were unpacked.)<M= mom; P=Page aka me>M: What Page AnnP: How much do you love me?M: Why? What do you want!P: Can you make me a sandwich!M: Hell no, get your ass down here & make it yourself!P: Please I love you!M: Fine, then your doing the dishes. P: Okay thanks I love you. M: I love you too.
My mom brought my sandwich up to me. It was a turkey sandwich which Colby jack cheese, a couple pickles & some ranch. Just how I like it. I know it kinda sounds gross but it's really freaking good. After I ate my sandwich I went downstairs to do the dishes. Them I sit in the living room & start to unpack some more of the boxes.
-about 3 hours later-
My mom phone started to ring. She & answered it. I had no idea who it was. "Mom who was that" I asked her out of curiosity "Oh it was my job they need me to come in & work the late shift, will you me okay here by yourself." she said kinda worried it seemed "Yeah mom I'll be just fine." I said "Okay well I'll call every hour to check on you." she saidShe seemed so worried. I just nodded my head, she got ready & left. I had got the whole living room unpacked. I thought it would be nice if she came home & the house was all done. I went to the dining room & began to unpack in there. My mom had called every hour like she said. It kinda got annoying. I told her that I'm alright & she didn't need to call ever hour, if anything happened I'd call her. She told me to keep the door locked & the curtains closed.
-a little while later-
It's like 3 in the morning, & I had just finished unpacking all of the boxes. Gosh my mom is lucky I love her. I began to look around & there was boxes & stuff everywhere. I guess it's time to start cleaning too. I got a text from my mom saying "Are you in bed yet missy". I text her back saying "No I'm about to go to bed soon". She simply text back "okay". I started cleaning the house. About an hour & a half later everything was clean. I dragged myself up stairs & went straight to bed. I didn't even change into some pjs.