
✴Hiroyuki's P.O.V.✴
We finally made it to my room. I looked at her and realized that me hands were full and my keys are in my back pocket. I blushed at the thought of her getting my keys out of there.
"What are you thinking?" Kanashimi asked disturbing my thought.
"Umm.... Nothing....." I tried to be casual as possible. But she knew.
"Mmhm so you were not thinking on perverting thing?" She smirk as if she knew me.
I let out a sigh like one of those Do I have to let her the truth?"...Yes I have... Only because my keys are in my back pock..." She smiled at me mischievously and then I realized that she had my keys in her hands. "So I can open the door now?" She asked like she was a five years old. But it was cute.
She opened the door and I saw her face. It was like she was amazed but my place..
🔆KANASHIMI'S P.O.V.🔆
When I opened the door. It felt like I was here before..... I don't know when... Or when. Hiroyuki was shut the door with his leg and brought me to his room. He put me on his chair and brought some towels and extra clothes.
"You can go take a shower...." He pointed where. "Or do you want me to take you one" he was laughing and I just threw a pillow that was on the floor to his face.
"Haha very funny Hiro I would never" I said coldly. I mean I'm getting married soon. Oh Kiryu how are you doing without me?
I tried to get up but I ended up dragging myself to the bathroom and Hiro help by putting the towels and clothes by the door.
~1 hour and 30 minutes later~ When I got out of the shower Hiro was asleep. I pulled myself up it hurt my ankle but I didn't mind after that cold shower. I started to change.
😊HIROYUKI'S P.O.V.😊I saw Kana changing, her body was perfect her skin looked soft. I wanted to touch it but I couldn't. I realized that I started to get hot, and excited. I tried to clam myself down but I couldn't. It hurt so much. Then I thought of horrid thing so my body can stop. It helped.... I guess...
Then I saw Kana coming closer to me and took off my fake ears. I got up really quickly.
"AHH!" She jumped and fell on the ground. "OMG I'm sooo sorry! I didn't mean to. I just...." I couldn't finish explaining until she started to laugh."Why are you wearing...ppft...this hahaha" she couldn't help it. "It's just people bully me cuz I'm still a virgin..." I admitted and I didn't realized she stopped laughing.😣KANASHIMI'S P.O.V.😣He is still a virgin???I know how it feels to be bullied for that. I was the only virgin when I was with Kiryu. That was difficult for me. That's when I met Kiryu he helped me and told me that he would do it with me till we got married. I agreed because I love him.
Hiro got up and gave me a drink and I drank it quickly and then I felt dizzy. I felt like I was drunk.
😖HIROYUKI'S P.O.V.😖
I gave her a pill that she would get drunk and do it with me. I couldn't help it any more. I just wanted to give it up to one just like me.
"Mmm... Hiro... I... I love your hair ." She started to touch my hair and giggle. The more she touched me the more I got hotter and excited. We kissed and I touch her body. I made a growl noise while I was caressing her body.
~in the morning~ I woke up and saw her. She is beautiful I kept repeating myself. Her moans still lock in my head. I got up and looked in the mirror and jumped at the fact that I grown real cat ears. I looked at my back and saw my tail. I ran up to Kana and saw hers too. I couldn't help it but squeal.
😸KANASHIMI'S P.O.V.😸I woke up to Hiro's squealing. I got up and touched my head as if someone hit me hard. I felt a bump and it was twitching, I yelled because I thought there was something on me. Then Hiro hugged me from behind. "Thank you!" He said... I was so confused.
_______________________________
HEY SORRY I HAVENT PUBLISHED ANYTHING ITS JUST MY PHONE FELL IN THE OCEAN SO I HAVE TO USE MY IPAD NOW. *sighs* WHY ME!? SO JUST TO LET YOU KNOW THATS WHY IT TOOK ME A WHILE TO WRITE AND PUBLISH. I REALLY WANTED TO CRY.OH IF YOU WANT TO KIK ME TEXT ME YOUR KIK. LOVE YOU ALL. *give kisses to all of my readers*P.s. If you reject my kisses you are not worthy of me.R.I.P.TELLY(Don't judge me) I WILL ALWAYS REMEMBER YOU.