
The two boys shook their heads. "Then quit staring!"
They quickly looked away, as did everyone else who watched the scene play out, but the food court was filled with hushed conversations. Camille didn't seem to care that everyone was probably talking about her - and neither did Amorelle; she was just glad that mall security didn't show up.
"So, the mall has an antique store," Camille began, as if nothing happened earlier, "want to go there and get something before I bring you back home?"
"No, just take me home," said Amorelle, shaking her head. When she stood up from her chair, she saw the sad and guilty expression on Camille's face. "I had a lot of fun and I like the clothes you bought me," she added quickly, "I just want to head home early because my mom has plans for me tomorrow."
"Okay," Camille said with a small smile.
The two dumped their trash before leaving the food court and walking towards the mall's exit.
"Amorelle, I'm really sorry if I ruined your birthday today," Camille said after a long moment of silence. "I know that my temper can get a bit out of hand some-"
Amorelle chuckled, earning a confused look from her friend. "It's alright. Yes, you're like the hulk when provoked"-Camille glared at her-"but you're still my friend.
And, you brought me to the mall. I mean, if it weren't for you, I wouldn't have gotten this amazing shirt," she said, holding up the plastic bag that had the shirt in it.
"Well, I figured you'd like it considering the kind of person you are."
"There she is!" Amorelle cheered as they exited the mall and made their way through the parking lot to Camille's car. "Glad to know you're back to normal."
"And exactly what is 'normal' about me?" Camille asked. She unlocked her car and opened the door before sliding into the driver's seat.
"You're usually really blunt and bitchy," Amorelle replied after taking her place on the passenger seat. "Sometimes it makes me wonder why Janice is dating you. I mean, her siblings don't like you."
"First of all, Janice is dating (and loves) me because at least my bluntness means I'm not full of bullshit," Camille said as she started the car, "and second, only Peter doesn't like me, but it's okay because I don't like him either. I'm pretty sure Piper finds me tolerable. She just doesn't talk to me because...she's Piper."
"I think you intimidate her."
Camille shrugged as she backed out of her parking spot. "Maybe I do, maybe I don't. Now, I wonder why you're friends with someone so 'bitchy.'"
"Because you need someone like me to control your bitchiness," Amorelle said, earning a laugh from Camille.
"Well, you sure are doing an awful job at that."
Amorelle frowned. "Screw you."
"I love you, too."
x - / - x - / - x
Hello, reader. Now, if you haven't heard of my story, Veris, then disregard this author's note. If you have, then keep reading.
This story is a rewrite of my other story (the one mentioned earlier). This one will have all of the same characters, but the plot will be completely different. I'm hoping that this one will be better than what I had written earlier. (I'm pretty sure a lot of you guys thought Veris was terrible).
Nothing much happened in this chapter - that much is apparent - because I wanted to introduce the main character. Also, this chapter is short, but it's the FIRST CHAPTER. (I am hoping that) I'll make the next chapter longer (and for something to happen).