
"Happy Birthday!"
Amorelle Morrison nearly punched her friend, Camille Biels, who nearly destroyed her eardrum after she yelled into her ear.
"What the hell, Camille," Amorelle said, "any louder and I would've gone deaf in one ear."
Her friend ignored her comment. "I'm going to take you to the mall for your birthday," she said with a wide smile.
"Don't you and Janice have a date tonight?"
Honestly, she couldn't care less about Camille's date - she just didn't want to go to the mall. She just wanted to spend the rest of her Friday at home, watching Netflix while scarfing down any junk food she can get her hands on.
"Janice said she doesn't mind postponing the date since today's your birthday," Camille replied. "Besides, she's going to be taking Piper to the skatepark so that she can teach her how to use her roller-skates."
Piper hates roller-skating, Amorelle thought. Looks like she won't be the only one suffering on Friday.
Amorelle shut her locker and put on her best and most believable smile as she turned to face Camille. "It looks like we're going to the mall, then," she said, earning a squeal and a bone-crushing hug from the red-haired girl.
"Perfect! I'll drive you home so you can change."
"We're only going to the mall, Camille."
"I know, but there's no way you'll be going dressed like that." She gestured towards Amorelle's attire - a plain black t-shirt and a pair of bleached, blue jean capris.
Well, that hurt, but Amorelle maintained a stoic expression.
"Fine," she said, "I'll change."
x - / - x - / - x
Amorelle changed, but it didn't exactly appeal to Camille. After much argument about the difference between casual and distasteful clothing, Camille managed to put her in something she believed to be more fashionable - a knee-high, strapless white dress and a brown pullover.
Amorelle and Camille have been at the mall for two hours now - two hours that Amorelle could've spent at home, pigging out and sitting in front of the T.V. That time mostly consisted of the two arguing about what clothing was worth buying and what wasn't. In the end, Amorelle got a pair of black leather boots and a white shirt with the words "Sweet As Spice/Cold As Ice/Fool Me Once/I'll Shoot You Twice" printed on the front in big, bold black text.
"Hey, Amorelle," Camille said.
Amorelle hummed as she raised an eyebrow and looked at her.
"You like collecting really old things, right?"
"You mean antiques," Amorelle corrected in a monotone.
"Whatever, it's the same thing...," Camille trailed off as her gaze moved away from Amorelle and over her shoulder. The younger teen followed her friend's gaze until her eyes landed on two guys who were staring at them.
Oh, no.
If there is one thing Camille hates more than anything in the world, it's people staring at her.
"Hey! What are you looking at?" Camille yelled as she stood up, earning the attention of almost everyone in the food court. The two boys looked at her with wide eyes.
"Camille, please sit down," Amorelle pleaded in a soft tone.
She ignored her. "Do you want some food? Something to drink?" She asked, grabbing Amorelle's milkshake and holding it high in the air.