
Luke's P.O.V
I had to do that. I had no reason to talk to her so I had to pretend to run into her. I didn't know how else to talk to her. She was so pretty. She seemed like an amazing person. In lunch I saw her. I couldn't help but stare at her. She was so gorgeous. I knew that she realized I was staring at her. She turned to me and smiled. I smiled back. Not turning away from her. Still continuing to stare at her. I really needed to come up with better ways to actually talk to her...
Sage's P.O.V
Luke seemed really nice. And sweet. I just don't know how I feel about the staring. It's kinda of making me uncomfortable. But besides that, we was nice. It was the end of the day, and me and my siblings meet at Karver's car. Except I was still confused why Karver was still even in high school. I mean seriously, he's 23. He's been telling all of us that he's taking online college and takes it in the school library. Which doesn't really make sense but still. We finally arrived home. It was so quiet. My mom was on the couch sleeping. I ran to my room and say on my bed..Alone. I took off my sweatshirt, revealing all off scars and bruises from my dad...plus me cutting myself since it all started. It was an obsession and an escape. It was so hard to understand but so easy to do. I always felt alone. But my friends are here for me. And so is my mom and siblings....but it still hurts. I heard a knock at my door and out my sweatshirt on quickly. The door opened, revealing my mother. "Oh, mom I thought you were sleeping." I said. "I was." She said. "But I just need to talk to you." She said about to cry. "Mom what's wrong?" I asked sitting down grabbing my mom to sit next to me. She closed her eyes trying not to cry. "Momma tell me." I say. "Oh Sage...my beautiful Sage..I'm so sorry." She said crying. "Momma.Whats going on? Why are you sorry?" I ask about cry. "Sage..what I'm about to tell you...you need to be strong about it." She says grabbing my hand. "Ok momma, just please tell me." I say squeezing her hand. "Sage honey...I-I-I have..I have cancer."...... I broke down........