
Jessica turns around and sees her old friend David Tennant."Jessica!" David yells "David!'' She yells back. They hug." How you been, its been what 6 years." Her British friend ask"Shit it has been that long, oh this is my boyfriend mark." Jessica saidMark and David shake hands"Nice to meet you." Mark says in a nice voice"So how's Abigail?" She ask"Oh were not seeing each other anymore." He says"I'm sorry to hear that man." Mark says patting David on the back"Wanna get wasted with us?" Jessica ask"Sure why not! He saysMark,Jessica,and David all start taking shots of taqulia, whiskey and vodka.16 minutes later mark is starting to get typsie so is David. Amelia decides to come over and drink with them."Well hello there handsome." Amelia says flirting with David"H-hey there p-pretty." He says clearly drunk~2 hours later~Amelia and David are flirting non stop while Jessica and mark take shots. Mark starts to slur his words after 8 shots while Jessica is acting normal, but on her 12th shot it hits her. Amelia and David leave together, leaving just Jessica and mark."I say that we go back to apartment and sleep." Mark says sluring a little"I-ill get us a cab." Jessica says in agreement.They walk outside as soon as the cool air hits them they fall. Immediately getting back up they signal a cab. It takes them back to marks apartment.~Next morning ~Jessica wakes up in marks bed and mark was asleep next to her. She removes the covers so she could go to the bathroom but soon realized that she wasn't wearing anything. She then looks under the covers and sees marks naked toned body lay there. She gets up and grabs one of marks shirts and finds her underwear on marks side of the bed. She puts them on and goes to the bathroom an splashes water on her face and takes an aspirin from the medicine cabinet."Ughh, my head!" Mark said from the bed as he sits up. "Here." Jessica says as she throws mark the bottle of aspirin."Wait why are you in your underwear?" He ask.Mark lifts the covers and sees that he was naked."Did we,you and me , me,  you , you And I have, well you know?" He says"Sex,yes me and you drunk as fuck had intercourse." She says as she sits down in the bed."Oh,wow,I'm sorry.""Why are you sorry, were in a relationship its normal its find.""Okay, so were's your clothes?""I don't know,well I can tell you one thing I found my bra." Jessica says as she pointed to the top of marks dresser."What the fuck did we do last night?" Mark ask "I don't know but I'm going to take a shower.""Okay, I'll find you some clothes to wear." Mark saysJessica goes to the bathroom and takes a shower.MARKS P.O.VHoly shit what the actual fuck did we do last night? My head hurts like crazy,I'm naked, and I had sex that I don't even remember having. Am I a bad person now? I need to get dressed.END OF P.O.VJessica gets out of the shower she notices that mark out some clothes for her to wear on the counter.She gets dressed and heads downstairs to see mark in a plain white T-shirt and  black shorts sitting on the couch. She sits next to him laying her head on his shoulder."I wonder what happened to Amelia, she left with David but I haven't heard from her." Jessica says concerned"I don't know,but I think she'll be fine." Mark says"What do you wanna do?" She ask"Play video games." He says"I'll go get my favorite game,brb." Jessica says as she opens the door and left.Jessica opens her apartment door and sees David and Amelia passed out on the floor. She quietly sneaks by them and grabes her game and leaves. She goes back to marks and they play the game for a couple of hours. Amelia texts Jessica.Amelqua: where are you?Jess:I'm at marksAmelqua: oh, who's this man?Jess: that's David remember you two were flirting like crazy!!!Amelqua: oh I remember now . I think I'll wait here until he wakes upJess: when he wakes up come over here and we can all hang out.Amelqua: Kk I'm gonna watch TV until he does. ByeJess:byee