
~Thursday evening ~Jessica is fixing dinner while mark takes a shower. Jessica is blasting her music while she cooks. She's cutting tomatoes when Shawn Mendes song stitches comes in. She starts singing,"You watch me bleed until I give it,shaking falling into my knees,and I'll be with out your kisses I'll be needing stitches,triping over myself acheing, begging you to come help!" She sang louder than her phone volume. After that song miss Jackson came on and Jessica started to dance."I love her anyway!'' She sang dancing.Jessica was still dancing when mark came downstairs, he pulled out his phone and started recording Jessica sing and dance. He was quite as can be,then the song ended and Jessica stoped dancing and singing. She turns around and sees mark recording her and snickering." Mark you mother fu-!" She says as she walks towards him.He quickly ends the video as Jessica walked towards him."Give me the damn phone!" She says as she tries to reach for the phone,but marks was holds it where she couldn't get it. She jumps up and snatches the phone from his hand."Got it!" She says as she runs upstairs."Hey give it back!'marks says chasing after her.Jessica hid in the recording room.She sees mark walk by the door. He hears her gasp then slowly walks back to the door. Peeking through the crack in the door. He comes in the room switching on the light, he sees Jessica under the desk. She quickly gets up and runs past mark without him grabbing her. She runs downstairs and runs out of his apartment into hers. She runs to her closet. She hears mark open her door." Jeeesica,I know your in heeere!" He said as he walked into the hall. He enters her room."Jessica if you don't show yourself there's gonna be some punishment." He says as he looks under her bed.Jessica dashes out of the closet but not fast enough because seconds later mark grabs her by her waist and pulls her in a bear hug."Let go of me asshole!" She says as she tries to wiggle out of his strong grip."Give me my phone and I will." He said"And if I don't?""You'll get punished.""What will my punishment be?'' She asked.Mark picked up Jessica and put her over his shoulder carrying her to his apartment. He puts her down." Mark can it wait cause the chilli is burning. " Jessica says "Okay,then the punishment will begin!" He says and does a maniac laughter.After Jessica and mark ate,they both did the dishes and put the leftovers in the fridge."Jess I got to give it to you, you can cook." Mark says "Thanks babe,my momma always told me the way to a man's heart is through his stoach.""Wow I never heard that." Mark says as he scratches the back of his head."Okay mark, what now?""Oh yeah your punishment for not giving me my phone back." Mark says thinking"I know what to do, I know you hate it when someone touches your neck." He says with a devilish grin on his face"How do you know that?" She asked confused"Last night when me and you were laying on the couch you feel asleep and I had my hand on your shoulder then as I was dozeing off my hand lightly touched your neck and you twitched.""Mark,please no, I hate people touching my neck."Jessica begged mark" Nope I must do what needs to be done!" He says then grabbed Jessica and started lightly brushing past the side of her neck making her twitch"Mark, fucking quit, or I'll hurt you!" She shouts"What will you do?" Mark ask as he kept touching Jessica's neckShe gets angry and kicks mark in the nuts. He lets go of her but then she grabs his arm and lifts him and flips him on the couch."I bet you didn't think I could do that did ya?""Owwwie,no I didn't." Mark whines as he lays on the couch in pain."I told you I would hurt you,I'm sorry." She says as she leans down and kisses mark on the cheek.Jessica goes to the closet and grabs a blanket and covers up Mark."What are you doing?"Mark asked"Going to bed and giving you a blanket.""Why?""Cause we have to leave early and I'm mad at you after what you did.""Oh shit I forgot about flying to Boston." Mark says smacking himself in the face"Mark when your ready to say your sorry you can come to bed." Jessica says as she walks upstairs.Mark quickly gets up running to Jessica picking her up bridal style."I'm sorry babe." Mark says as he planted his soft lips on Jessica's"I forgive you, and I'm sorry for kicking you in the balls and useing a boxing trick on you."Mark carries her to the bedroom and puts her in the bed and goes to his side of the bed. He lays down covering up and pulling Jessica closer."Night beautiful." Mark whispers into Jessica's ear"Night sexy." She whispers back"You know it!" Mark says making Jessica laugh. They both go to sleep until they heard a noise.'Mark!" Jessica slaps mark in the face so he would wake up."Huh what I'm up!" He says as he sits up."There's someone knocking on the door!""Why can't you just check it?" Mark said as he puts on his glasses."Oh I don't know maybe because it might be a murderer!" She whisper yelled at him"Just stay behind me." Mark saidMark and Jessica head downstairs to answer the door.To there supprise its a little boy about 4 or 5."Can you help my grandma is on the floor asleep and she won't wake up!" The crying little boy said."Yes, where is she?" Jessica says as she crouches down to make eye level with him."Follow me." He says as he walked to apartment 224.He opens the door and goes to the kitchen and in the floor is an elderly woman."Call 911 quickly!" Mark yells to Jessica.Beep! Beep!Jessica wakes up to her alarm. She sits up, a tear was rolling down her face."A dream it was a dream,thank god." Jessica said as she now had a while water fall of tears falling."Jess what's wrong?" Mark ask as he sits up and grabs Jessica into a warm embrace."I had a horrible dream, a little boy came to the door saying that his grandma was asleep on the floor and wouldn't wake up.'' Jessica said as she sobbed into marks shoulder." its ok , i t was just a dream, forget about it." Mark said reassuring Jessica"I know.""Plus jess guess what happens today, were going to Boston!" He says raising his hands in the air."Oh yeah, I'm excited.""Ok get up get dressed and come downstairs cause we only have1 hour and 30 minutes." Mark says.He kisses jessica and then leaves the room. Jessica gets up and grabs her clothes and goes to take a shower.