
The next day mark had to do another pannle and it was earlier in the day. ~at the pannle~"Okay everyone your probably wondering who this nice,young pretty lady is,well she is my girlfriend and she is doing the pannle with us today." Mark says as he stands in front of the crowd."It's that girl that was dancing in that one video!" Someone yells from the crowd.Jessica shook her head up and down agreeing that she was the one from that video."Okay,I'm going to run up to people who have questions and I want you guys to say your name and who the question is for." Mark says"I will also be helping with this." Wade says"I will occasionally get up.'' Jessica said" I will stay here." Bob declared"Let's get started!" Mark says as he runs to a man"My name is Manson and this is for mark.", he says " how long have you and Jessica been dating?" He asked"Since last Tuesday." Mark said making everyone laugh"He's not joking he's being serious." Jessica says"Okay you." Mark says as he tries to get to a woman"My name is jilliana and this is for you and Jessica,who kissed who first?" She says"Well he asked me over to dinner and we ate pizza played video games then we played truth or dare and I picked dare and he dared me to kiss him and I did.'' Jessica said" awwwww!" Everyone said including bob~1 hour later ~"My name is Janet and this is for Jessica, what do you do for a living?""I have my masters degree for pediatrician, but now I'm working at a body shop,I fix cars all day basically." Jessica says"Okay I hate to say it but its almost time to go we can take a couple more questions then we have to go." Mark saysJessica grabs her mic and runs off stage and runs to mark."I'm helping!'' She says" okay we gotta hurry." Mark says as Jessica runs to the opposite side of the room."What's your question sweetie?" Jessica ask as she goes to a woman with her daughter about 8 or 9."My name is Susie and can I get a hug from you and mark?" She ask"Sure!" Jessica says as she hugged the little girl and mark came up from behind and hugged~15 minutes later~"Thank you guys for coming out and thank you for all the amazing gifts." Mark says as everybody in the crowd got up and left.Jessica, Mark, Bob and Wade all sat down exhausted."All I want to do is go out get some food and get drunk." Jessica said as she laid her head on marks shoulder"Let's do that, later tonight we all go get food and get wasted ." Bob said"Yeah that'll be great." Mark agreed"Mark I going back to the hotel, and then we are going to the bay." Jessica saidJessica stands up kisses mark then leaves.