
Jessica's eyes flutter open when she sees mark stare at her."Hey beautiful." Mark says as Jessica opens her eyes. "Hey sexy." Jessica says then kisses mark.Jessica gets up and grabs some clothes from her bag. Mark just puts on the same clothes.Jessica and mark walk out of the room and see Bob,Wade,jack,and Felix all with huge grins on his face."What's going on?" Mark ask "Oh nothing." Felix said"What!" Jessica said as she sat down beside Wade and all of there eyes looked at her"Nothing." Wade says still grinning"Okay if you won't tell me I'm just going to get it out of you." She said as she went up to jack She grabbed his nose and staredTo squeeze.struggling a"Tell me what's going on." Jessica demanded as she squeezed his nose tighter."I'm not telling." He said trying to hold back tears."Okay I know Bob will tell me." Jessica said as she made way towards him.She grabs his arm and starts pinching him."Tell me." She said in a stern voice"Nope." Bob says with a cracking voice"Okay Wade your turn." She says turning  to Wade.She grabs his ears and Squeeze's them. "Tell me!" She said getting angry"No!" He said as Jessica lef go of his ears"I know Felix will tell me." She days as she goes to Felix.She grabs his hands like if the were playing uncle. She pushed his hands back."Okay,uncle I'll tell you!" Felix said finally caveing in.Mark was sitting beside Wade watching this while thing escalade. She sits in marks lap and listens to Felix."Jack walked passed your door and seen you two,well you know,but after when you both were asleep." Felix says looking guilty.Jessica looked at mark and then she looked at jack. She clenched her fist as anger filled her. Before she knew it she was up and ran torwards jack. Wade and Bob held her back but she somehow managed to get out of the grip. She was a couple of cinameters away from hitting him in the face but Felix pulled her back and mark pulled her closer. "Jess,come on,this isn't you comeback to normal." Mark   in gghh ear."Bob,wade,and jack get out if here so you can help jack,Felix you're staying here with me." Mark said as he still hugged Jessica who was still blacked out from the anger.~20 minutes ~Jessica is laying on the couch while mark and Felix are in the chairs facing her."What happend?" She asked as she sat up"You almost killed jack." Felix says"Actually you blacked out and almost hit him." Mark says "Oh,we're is he I need to apologize." Jessica says "He's with Bob and Wade at the diner down the road." Mark says"I'll text then that it's safe to come back." Felix says as takes out his phone.