
~At the hotel ~Jessica sits at the counter and checks twitter,instagram, and Facebook. She noticed that she has gotten many followers."Babe I'm back ready to go to the bay?" Mark said as he walked in the kitchen to the counter."Hey babe." Jessica says"Whatya doin?" Mark ask as he wrapped his arms around Jessica"Checking shit." She says then kisses mark on the cheek"Well stop checking shit and cuddle with me." He saidJessica sat her phone down and stands up. "Mark I wanna piggy back ride." Jessica said"Really, why?'' Mark groaned" If you love me you will give me a piggy back ride. " Jessica said doing her puppy eyes"Fiiiiine!" Mark saidHe crouched down so Jessica could hop on. She jumped on and mark carries her to the bed. She falls on the bed and mark falls on top of her. He doesn't move he just stares into Jessica's eyes."Mmmark,is there something that you want?" Jessica says biting her lip."Yes." Mark says still stareing at Jessica"What is it?" Jessica asked with a sexy tone in her voice"You." He said as he kissed Jessica with passionMarks and Jessica's tounges intertwine in the firey kiss. He takes off his glasses and lays them at the bedside table. He takes off his shirt,then takes off Jessica's. Mark then kissed Jessica's necks leaving with little suckles and bites. Mark then kisses a trail down to her stomach. He pulls away. He then takes off his shorts,leaving. Him in his boxers. He then takes Jessica's pants then proceed to kiss Jessica. As he kissed Jessica making little moans come out, he slipped his fingers into her underwear, rubbing her making her moan louder."M-mark!" Jessica said as mark rubbed Jessica sliping in another finger.What?" Mark said with power in his voice"T-take m-e!" She saysMark then pulls his fingers away then pulls off her underwear. He takes off his boxers. He then slides in her making both moan. He thrust faster and faster, making moans flow like rain out of Jessica. She moves her hips in rhythm making little moans and grunts come out of mark."Jess,I'm not going to lats long." Mark says as he goes slightly slower"Me too." Jessica moans outMark starts to speed up making both moan louder. Seconds later Jessica climaxes and mark does shortly after.  He falls on Jessica laying his hed on her chest. She brushes her fingers through his hair. He rolls over to the other side of the bed grabbing Jessica pulling her closer."Jessica I love you." He whispers in her ear"Mark I love you too." She says as she turns to face mark and kisses him.Mark and Jessica fall asleep, but they didn't close the bedroom door.Jack walks pass the door and sees  Jessica's half covers butt. They were asleep. Felix walks over to jack."What?" Felix asked"Look, marky got Lucky!" Jack whispered to Felix"Good job mark!" Felix said as he high fives jack.