
Jessica pulls out a huge pile of clothes and puts them on her bed."What about this?"Jessica says holding up a black dress" Nah,you look forty." Amelia says making Jessica laugh"How about this and this and this?" Amelia says laying out a black crop-top a red ripped flannle shirt and black skinny jeans."I don't know." Jessica says agitated"It'll look good on you,go try it on." Amelia says handing Jessica the outfitJessica goes to the bathroom and tries on the clothes. She liked the crop top that had a skulls on it,and loved the skinny jeans, she puts in the flannel shirt with the sleves ripped off and was cut like  a crop top but a little longer."Are you done yet?" Amelia yells"How I look?" Jessica says Posing like a modle"Beautiful, and I think mark will just drop dead when he sees you!" Amelia says laughing"I have a outfit picked out just for you." Jessica says making way to the bed. "Try this on!" She says handing Amelia a red krewella shirt and blue jeans with a grey belt."Kay, brb!" Amelia says running into the bathroom.Minutes later she comes back out.  Posing like she had cramps she says,"What ya think, think I could steal mark?"Back off bitch he's mine!" Jessica says laughing at her pose"Let's fix your hair!" Amelia says excitedlyJessica and amelia go to the bathroom to fix each other's hair. Amelia curls Jessica's hair and Jessica crimps Amelia's hair making it look wavy. The both do there makeup and then try to find shoes. Jessica wears her black converse and amelia finds some black heel boots. After getting ready they go to marks. Jessica opens the door."Mark we're here, are you ready?" She yells."Amelia you can sit on the couch I'll be back.", Jessica says motioning her to the couch. She heads upstairs to the recording room and opens the door, no mark.She goes to marks room He's not there but she hears the shower running and mark signing'I'm a little teacup short and stout, here is my handle here is my spout, when I get all steamed up hear me shout, TIP ME OVER AND POUR ME OUT!' He sang. Jessica had the brilliant idea of scareing mark in the shower. She sneaks in the bathroom not making a sound, she opens the shower door," BOO!'' She shouts making mark scream like a girl. She falls on the floor laughing at the scream, the shower door still open. She doesn't realize that mark was naked, she got up and pointed to mark his face still frozen from being scared,"You-,you screamed like a little bitch!""You scared the schnikes out of me!" He said"AHAHAHAHA!" She laughed out'I'll get you back!" He says . Before Jessica could say anything he pulls her in the shower with him. Her clothes were getting soaked but mark wouldn't let her get out. He pulls her in for a kiss. She kisses him back,soon they both were in a full on makeout. Jessica finally pulls away when Amelia opens the shower door and ask,"The fuck happend?""Nothing!" They both say at the same time."I'll let you two get dried off." Amelia says and leaves the situation.Jessica and mark get out of the shower. Mark wraps a towel around his waist then hands Jessica a towel. "I like what your wearing." Mark says"Well I can't wear it now cause its soaked." She says raising an eyebrow at mark"Sorry about that, I couldn't resist." He says chuckling"Mark I'll be back I have to change my clothes then we can leave." "Okay jess." Mark says"Oh yeah and mark... Nice butt!" She says then leaves. Jessica and Amelia come back an hour later. Jessica dried her clothes then re-done her hair and make-up."Mark we're back!" Jessica yells"Kay, I'll be down in a minute." He yells back"Is that man putting on make-up!?" Amelia says laughing3minutes later mark comes downstairs in a red flannel shirt similar to Jessica's but his wasn't ripped or cut,and blue jeans and blue Jordan's. "You look handsome." Jessica says kissing mark on the cheeck."You look pretty, even though your wearing the same thing you did an hour ago." Mark says"Now are we just gonna Stand here and compliment each other all night or are we gonna get wasted!" Amelia says obviously ready to party."Hells yeah lets go!" Mark says and grabs the keys and all three leave.