
~15 minutes later~Jack comes back. He looks at Jessica who was sitting on the couch. He stood in front of her. She stands up and walks towards him,he flicnches when she got close but instead if getting hit In  The head he was getting hugged."I'm sorry jack for trying to hurt you I hope I won't ruin you and Mark's friendship." She says"Oh,Jessica its OK I should've known not to be such an arse." Jack saidAfter jack and Jessica made up they all decided to go out for drinks.They go to a bar called 'fronts'. They went in and sat at a table. Jessica sat next to mark,Bob sat next to Wade, jack sat next to Felix, and Felix sat on the other side of mark. The waiter ask what everyone would like to drink."Martini." Says Jessica"Beer." Mark said"Lite beer." Felix says"Beer." Wade says"Uh,I guess bourbon and coke." Bob saysThe waiter then walks away. Jessica and Bob started laughing."W-what is so funny?"mark ask"You all are a bunch of pussies!" Jessica managed to laugh out"How?" Felix asked"You all got beer and me and jess over here drinking the hard shit." Bob says as he still laughs"So,I'm drinking lightly cause my girlfriend might want to get wasted and she might need me." Mark says in a fake British accent"Mark I can handle my liquor." Jessica says giving him a peck on the cheek"Well I don't drink achol often." Felix said as he shifted his glasses"I like beer,I'm Irish so I like beer." Jack said"I am Wade." Wade says making everyone look at him funny.The waiter comes back with all of the drinks. "Let's have a toast, to mark and Jessica for being a great couple." Bib says as he raises his glass"She also passed my test." Felix said making everyone laugh."To friendships,relationships, and the sudden urge to kill jack!" Bob boasted as they all laughed and cliked there bottles and glasses together.~1 hour later~"I'm ready to go." Jessica says standing up"Me too." Mark said as he out his arm around Jessica"Same." The res said leaving.Jess,mark,wade,Bob,jack,and Felix went back to the hotel. Felix went to his room and fell asleep. Bob and Wade did the same.Jack just passed out on the couch. Jessica and mark were in their bed,in the quietness, the darkness, the heartbeat if one another's heart. It was peaceful."Hey jess?'' Mark says breaking the silence" yeah mark?""You know I love you right, I mean it." He says"I know you do mark I can tell." Jessica says kissing mark on the forehead.The silence came back and both drifted off to sleep.~8:16am~Jessica woke up to a loud crash followed by a unisom of swear words. She noticed a note on marks pillow.'Be back soon went to pick up friend at the air port,XOXO mark' the note said. She smiled and put on some shorts. She goes to kitchen and to her supprise a man with blonde hair, scuffle like beard,and a pink shirt and blue jeans on was in the kitchen."Hello!" The man said in a British accent"Hello." Jessica says slowly"You must be the one that took mark from me." He says chuckling "Yea, Jessica and you are?" She asked"I'm aaron,but you can call me yamimash or yami." He said shaking her hand."Wait mark said he was picking up a friend at the airport, so if you're here than that means mark,jack,and Felix are all at the airport waiting for you." Jessica said"Oh I forgot that they were going to pick me up at the airport." Yami said A moment of silence filled the room but was swiflty gone by the laughter that jess and aaron were doing."I should call him." Jessica says taking out her phone.Phone conversationM: Hey babe your upJ:Yeah so are you still waiting on that friend of yours?M: Yeah why?J: say hi *yami* 'Hiya Mark'M:Yami you son of a bitch!J: mark its OK just come back and then you can kick his ass.M:okay,im on my wayJ:okay,love you BYEM:Loveyou too bye hunEnd of conversation