
Jessica and Mark sat on the couch watching TV until there was a knock at the door."I'll get it!" Mark says standing up and goes towards the door.Jessica could here muffled words coming from both mark and whoever was at the door."Jess can you come here real quick!" Mark yells"Okay,coming!" She yells backJessica gets up and walks to the door. She stands by mark. The person at the door was Danny. His nose had a patch on it and his right eye was black."Uh,Jessica I came to apologize about my actions and you had the right to punch me." He says handing her a bouquet of flowers."I just don't understand why you smacked me in the first place." Jessica says her voice getting angrier in tone and clutching her fist. Mark notices and puts his hand on her fist. She calms down a little ,but still furious."I wasn't expecting you to hit me as hard as you did." The man says with a guilty look on his face"Well I box and you can keep the flowers, good bye!" She says closing the door in dannys face.Jessica sat back down on the couch, mark sat beside her."Jess, I know that you are mad,but you should've forgiven him." Mark says"I know but I was so pissed, I can't get that angry anymore, I black out and I don't know what happens." Jessica says."It's okay I understand.""Thanks for understanding mark." Jessica says whith a smile"Jess, I have a panel to do Friday and was wondering if you wanted to come with me!" Mark says cheerfully"Sure id love to!" She says"Sweet I get to introduce you to my fans!" Mark says hugging Jessica"Exactly what do you do for a living?" She ask"I'm a youtuber, my YouTube channel name is markiplier.""Really wow I never seen any of your videos.""Well I'm a gaming channel, I do collabs with jacksepticeye, pewdiepie, mangaminx and other stuff.""Cool, I heard of pewdiepie and my nephew loves jacksepticeye.""Awesome, and your gonna meet him and Pewds!" Mark says"Yeah!" Jessica says laughingJessica stays at marks for a  couple of hours then leaves.She calls Amelia and tells her what happened and where she was going. After the phone call Jessica starts to pack her bag.Jessica texts mark.Jess:where is the panel gonna be at?Mark:In BostonJess: are we taking a plane!Mark:Yeah y?Jess: I never been on a plane.Mark: its fine you have super mark by your side!Jess: lol, I'm gonna get some sleep by babe.Mark:bye sweetie ;)Jessica started to blush when she seen what mark texted her.