
Jessica goes downstairs and sees mark singing and dancing to Katy Perry firework."Cause baby your a fire work come on let your colors burst!" He sang as he danced.Jessica pulls out her phone and starts to record. Mark hears Jessica laugh and turns around and stares at the camera and starts to dance with a weird look on his face. The song ends and mark stops dancing."Okay that's enough." He says"That was perfect, you dance like a camel on drugs." Jessica says laughing"And you dance like a hobo that drunk a whole bottle of gin." Mark says laughing"Ok we gotta get going."Jessica and mark grab there bags and put them in the car and drive to the airport.~24 minutes later~They arrive at the airport.Flight 318 is now boarding"Jess that's us lets go!" Mark says as he made way to the boarding gate.~on plane ~Pilot- uh were experiencing some turbulence, please fasten seatbelts and relax until the turbulence ends,thank you."Fuck!" Jessica whispers to herself"It's fine,I'm right here." Mark whispers to Jessica as ge places his hand on top of hers."Thanks mark." Jessica says then kisses him on the cheekShe puts in her ear buds and tries to go to sleep. She falls asleep but soon wakes up to marks reapeadently taping her shoulder."I'm up!" She says as she sits up"Come on were in Boston." Mark says standing up.Jessica and mark grab there carry on and exit the plane. They get there stuff and wait for a taxi."Where's our taxi?" Jessica asked "He's right there." Mark says pointing to a man in a blue hoodie and a black hat that was holding a sign that said Mr.markimoo."Hey mark!" The little Irish man said"Hey jack,this is Jessica." Mark says pointing at Jessica"Ah,your the one that breaks down doors and steal my marks heart." Jack says jokingly"Nice to meet you my nephew is a fan." Jessica says as she shakes his hand."Cool and my nephew is a tablecloth." He says laughing"Ha,your a funny little guy aren't you." Jessica said patting jack on the head."Okay enough chit chat Felix is waiting for us in the car." Jack saysJessica and mark grab there bags and walk to the car.They get in the car and the man in the passenger seat turns around."Who are you and what are you doing with my man?" He ask"Felix this is Jessica, jess this is Felix or pewdiepie." Mark says"Hi Felix I'm a fan." Jessica says shaking Felix's hand."Well it's nice to meet you,I'm going to be testing you to make sure your right for mark." He says as he turned around."Jessica don't take him seriously." Mark said"I liked that video of you dancing Jessica." Felix says"What video?" She ask"This one that mark posted.' Felix turns around and shows her the video of her dancing in kitchen.She turns and looks at mark who was looking out the window. She smacked him." what?" He says"Why did you post that video?" She says getting angrier"I thought it would be funny to post a video and see the comments,they kept saying who is that and it was funny." Mark said"Mark your such an asshole." Jessica said her voice cracking and tears coming up."Jess I'm sorry don't cry." Mark says leaning over and hugging Jessica."You hurt my feelings, that's so embarrassing." She sobs into marks shoulder"How can I make it up to you?""Take me to the bay." She says sniffling"Okay." He says as he wipes tears away from her face"What hapend now?" Jack ask"Jessica found out that mark posted a video of her on YouTube and promised to take her to the bay." Felix says to jack"Mark I told you if she breaks down doors like she does don't piss her off." Jack says making everyone laugh.The drive to the hotel was a long drive. When they finally got there mark and Jessica lay down on the bed. Felix and jack sit down in some chairs and turn on the TV."Hey jack were taking a nap wake us up at 6:30." Mark says as he takes off his shoes"Will do mark." Jack saysMark and Jessica lay down in the bed and fall asleep.~3 hours later~Jessica and mark are asleep peacefully until, a huge wave of cold water go over them. Jessica sits up and so does mark."What the fuck!"Jessica said as she wiped her eyes" wake up." Felix said as held a bucket that previously had water in it."You piece of shit!" Jessica yeld as she got up and ran after felix.Jessica caught up to Felix and grabs him and pins him on the ground. She smacked him in the face."Owwwwww!" He said in pain"Don't do that again!" Jessica said as she bent one of his fingers backwards."Okay,okay,okay,uncle!" He's says as Jessica lets go of his finger."Don't piss her off." Mark said as he was changing his shirt."I see that."Felix saidJessica gets up and grabs her bag and unzippes it. She grabes her make-up bag,a nirvana shirt,ripped skinnky jeans,and a beanie. She goes to the bathroom and changes her clothes and fixes her hair and make-up. She gets out of the bathroom and sees mark wearing a gray hoodie,jack wearing the same thing, and Felix wearing a falcon lover shirt." Ready to go? "She ask" your done already, it takes my girlfriend 39 minutes to fix her hair and do her make-up. " Felix says as he twiddles with his phone."You have a girlfriend, wow and exactly how does she live with you without punching you?" Jessica says making mark chuckle and jack burst out laughing.Mark, jess,jack,and Felix all leave and go to the pannle. Felix and jack were doing a different pannle. Mark got there before people came. Bob and Wade were already there."Hey jess!" Bob says hugging Jessica"Hey jess." Wade says hugging her too.~1 hour later~The place is packed pretty much full of fans. Jessica sits in the front row. It starts."Hello everybody my name is markiplier and before we get started you guys are probably wondering why there are 4 mics and theres only 3 of us,well I have a special guest." Mark walks down off the stage leaving the mic. He walks to Jessica picking her up bridal style and walks on the stage with her. He puts her down. All through the room you could hear whispers."This is my girlfriend, Jessica!" Mark says cheerfully. Expecting the worse, Jessica instead gets alot of cheers and woo hoos and clapping."Hello everyone." Jessica says as she waves"Okay now I'm going to be running out into the crowd and so is Wade so you can ask questions, got it?" Mark asked"YEAH!" Every one said."Jess do you want to help?" Mark ask"Nah,I'll stay up here with Bob, he's really cool." She says patting Bob on the back."Ha,score one for Bob, no point for you wade!" Bob says pointing at Wade"Well Bob I'm in first place with five points!" Mark says"What are we talking about?" Jessica ask"Never mind, first question, say your name and who its for." Mark says running up to a woman"My name is cassidy and this is for Jessica." She says"Okay shoot!" Jessica says in the mic"What are three qualities of mark that you love?""Um lets see,his smile,he's a great kisser,and he's sweet and cares." Jessica says slightly blushing"Awwww!" Every one says"Thanks babe." Mark says blowing Jessica a kiss"Next question,you man in the red hat." Mark says making his way through."My name is David,and this ones for you mark,what is one quality you love about Jessica?""Uh,let's see." Mark says thinking"Well there one thing that I can't say on camera,but I love how she likes being herself and doesn't take shit from nobody." Mark says smiling"Yeah the reason I do that is because most of my family are boys." Jessica says making everyone laughAfter about 40 questions everyone was running out of things to ask. 1 hour later the pannle ends. Everyone is tired.Wade then says some stupid joke and Jessica laughs at it."Shut up Wade!" Mark says"Yeah you douchebag!" Bob says"Wade I thought your joke was funny but it was a little childish." Jessica says nicely"See Jessica is the only one nice to me." Wade says"That's because she is nice,but when she starts to hanging out with you a little more she will be saying the same things we are." Bob says trying to prove a point.Jessica and mark leave and head back to the hotle room and fall asleep as soon as the layed down.