
~AMELIA P.O.V~I wonder if David has a girlfriend, I haven't partied like that in a long time. Me and Jessica were a couple of party animals. She still is I kinda lost my party animal side when I met Damon, infact he's the one that made me move to Georgia, and stop hanging out with most of my friends. I just need to thank god for what happened that one day when Jessica was visiting me in Georgia a couple years ago. Oh,shit he's wakung up!~END P.O.V~"Wh-where am I?" David asked Amelia."We are at Jessica's somehow we ended up here." Amelia says in a calm voice"I remember you, last night me,you,Jessica,and uhh...what's his name..." He trailed off thinking"Mark!" Amelia yelled getting impatient"Yeah,we all got really wasted." He says chuckling"Iets go get Jessica." Amelia says as she stands up and stretches"Where is she at?" He asked Amelia as he stood up"Marks.""Where does he live?""Just follow me."Amelia and David exit Jessica's apartment and walk down the hall.Amelia opens the door to marks."WE ARE HERE NERDS!" She screams loudly "Ugh, my head don't scream." David whisper yell at her."Oh right,sorry."She walks to the living room and doesn't see mark or Jessica. She goes up stairs and opens the recording room,no one. She goes to marks room, she here's Jessica hearl in the toilet and mark say there,there. She walks in the bathroom."Hey Amelia." Mark says in a low tone."Hey mark, hey jessiqua." She says"Hi Amelia,where's David?" Jessica says as she stands up and goes to the sink to wash out her mouth."He's here." She says as David stands in the doorway beside Amelia."Hey jess, you look like shit." David says expecting Jessica to laugh."Go suck a donkey dick!" She says as she punches him in the shoulder really hard to make him help and grab his shoulder.Mark and Amelia all laugh about the donkey thing."By the by, don't make Jessica mad after she had drinks the night before." Amelia says after laughing"I'm hungry,and sad." Jessica says whining to mark"Why are you sad?" They all ask"I can't find my clothes and I have to go to work in an hour."Jessica says making a pouty face" why can't you find your clothes?" Amelia ask"Uh,umm." Jessica says"Wait did you two!" Amelia says jumping up and down clapping her hands and laughing"What?" David askAmelia whispers in his ear. His eyes grew huge."Jessica you nasty little rat!" He says sounding too much like  a British girlJessica's and Mark's cheeks began to turn red."Shit up!" Jessica yells"Oh,jess, we're only poking fun at you,take a joke for once!" David says poking Jessica I  the shoulder"Okay,let's change the subject. How about we all go eat at waffle house?" Mark says"Sure!" Everyone says~20 minutes later ~They all go to waffle house and order food and start to talk while they waited."So jess how did you meet David?" Amelia ask."Well,8 years ago I went to Britain for an exchange program in collage and I was trying to find some of my classes and asked some guy and all he did was talk and say how pretty I looked and stuff like that and he wouldn't stop, then David came over and told the guy to stop talking to me like that, and the guy was really tall and buff and pushed David on the ground, I got pissed when he did that so I punched him in the face and broke his nose. I helped David up and told him thanks for what he did an he said that I was the real hero, then I asked him where one of my classes where at and he had that same class as me and ever since then we been friends until I came back to Kentucky, and the best thing was I was invited to alot of parties in collage couse most of my friends were guys and I was David's wing man." Jessica told them"Yep, she helped me get all the ladies, her charm even rubbed off in me a little." He says laughing a little"How did you and mark meet?" David ask"It was the most romantic thing, she came to my door and gave me her number and I have her mine and the we played video games together then it happend!" Marks says "What happend?" David ask"She falls asleep on my couch!" Mark says making everyone one laugh"What really happend was she was introducing herself and gave me her number in case I needed anything, I gave her my number and I texted her asking if she liked video games she said yes so I asked if she wanted to play I new fame that I bought,then she ended up staying the night on the couch,the next morning she broke down my door to my recording room and breaks the lock on it, she then said that she had to go to work and i asked if she wanted to go to lunch with me she said sure then after an hour me,her,my friends bib and Wade fo out to lunch. Later that evening I asked if she wanted to cover for dinner and we had pizza and played truth or dare,she picked dare and I dared her to kiss me,I thought she wouldn't do it but she did then I told her that I liked her and she said that she liked me back and that day I was the happiest man on earth." Marks says then kisses Jessica on the forehead"That is so cute!" Amelia says cheesing a whole bunch."That is sweet." David added inAfter they ate they all went back to marks and played video games.~3 hours later~Amelia and David left 2 hours ago and Jessica went to work leaving only mark by himself at his place.(Marks P.O.V)Maybe jack wants to record a video I'll skipe him.*skipeing jack*"Hey mark what are ye up to?" Jack ask in his Irish voice"Nothing wandering if you wanted to play prop hunt?""Sure,mark a little birdy told me that you have a girly friend, now you can't lie to me mark so spill the beans!""Remember that one day when we were recording and that girl broke down my door?""Yes,and?""She's my girlfriend.""YOUR DATING HER,MARK IF SHE BREAKS DOWN DOORS LIKE SHE DID YOU BETTER NOT GET HER PISSED!""Ha,she's really nice,you get to meet her Friday and her nephew is a fan so you better be nice.""I will,Invite yami and we three can play I get to tell him!""Okay."End if POV