
Jessica worked at a body shop a few blocks from where she lives. "Oh,Jessica my new worker, how are you!" Martin *owner of the body shop* said"Hi Mr. Pendoleze, I'm ready by work" Jessica says getting her overalls on."Please call me Martin." He says as he closes a tool box."Okay, were do you want me to start?" She ask"Uh,thus car needs an oil change, can you do that?""Sure, it won't be long before I get done." She says as Martin hands her some tools to use.1 hour laterJessica finishes the job and asked Martin what else she could do. He told her that she can go on her break since it was a slow day. She texts mark:Jess: Hey I'm on my lunch break early  r u up for some food? Mark: Sure come by quick I'm finishing up some stuff here.Jess: OK, I'll be there shortly. Bye! :)Mark:Bye:)Jessica drives back to the apartment building and goes to marks apartment. She knocks and Mark answers the door."Hey jess come in!" Mark says as he motioned her to come in."Guys this is Jessica, Jessica this is Wade and Bob." Mark says with a huge smile."Hello everyone, I'm starving lets go eat!" She says.Everyone stands up and heads outside."Whose riding with who?" Jessica ask"Me and Bob are riding together, I guess you and mark could ride together." Wade says with a dorky look on his face"I don't mind riding with you jess, where is your car?" Mark ask"Right here." Jessica says pointing to her bike that was parked  next to them"YOU RIDE A MOTORCYCLE!" Mark , Bob and Wade all exclaimed all at once"Yeah, is there a problem?" She ask"No, I would say lets take my car but it needed an oil change." Mark says as he scratches the back of his neck"Really wierd I fixed a car today that needed the same thing." Jessica says "Mark hop on were going some where and Bob ,wade you can follow us." Jessica says as she hands mark a helmet and turning in her bike.Mark hops on and the drive's to the body shop. They arrive and was greeted by Martin. Jessica explained what was going on and they got marks car back.They drive down to a local diner. Jessica sits by mark and Wade and Bob sit on the other side of them. They all order food."So, Jessica how did you and mark meet?" Wade ask"I moved in yesterday and I was introducing myself to the neighbors then he invited me over To play some games." She said"Okay, how old are you?" Bob ask"May 8th I'll be 25" she says after she took a sip of her drink"Where you from?" Mark ask"I'm from Kentucky but I went to Cincinnati for college.""Where from Cincinnati!" Mark says as Wade and Bob shake there heads up as down"Tell us more about you.'', Wade says as he looks in his phone" OK, I'm allergic to bees, I have asthma, I box and workout, I love dogs,cats,and bunny's, my favorite movie is one missed call , my favorite TV show is Attack on titan, I'm single,I have an older brother, I love to draw and sketch, and I love motorcycles."She says with a smile "Mark, I believe that this here young lady is manlier than you." Bob said making everyone laugh.They all finish up talking and eating. Mark takes Jessica back to work.Jessica P.O.VI had fun, I never  laughed so hard in my entire life. Back to work, by work I mean sitting down and armwrestle the guys.