
When Mark,jack,and Felix came back they seen aaron and Jessica play prop hunt. Mark sits next to jessica and Felix and jack fix lunch in the kitchen."Jessica where the hell are you?" Yami asked "I'm not telling." She says as she goes behind him in the game"Yami look behind you." Mark said laughing"I found you!" Yami said shooting a little can in the game"Ha,can't catch me!" Jessica said as she ran out of the room with yami behind her shooting"Damnit were did you go!" Yami said looking for a can"I'm hiding,wait,I can't move! I can't move!" She said panicking"Can I put you out of your misery?""Go ahead we only have 45 seconds left." Jessica saidYami shoots Jessica killing her. She quits the game and goes to the kitchen to help jack and Felix with lunch.~20 minutes later ~Everyone sits at the dining table ready to eat lunch. At the neatly laid out table there was salad, stir fry and some crescent rolls."Smells good, who cooked what?" Mark said admiring the the table"I cooked the stir fry and jack and Felix made the salad and rolls." Jessica said as she grabbed the bowl of salad ,putting a little on her plate and passing it around."Wow, I didn't know you cook, you seem like the type that doesn't cook." Wade says."Well I cook." Jessica says After everyone ate they decided to go to the bay.~at the bay~"It's beautiful." Jessica said as she laid her head on marks shoulder."Yeah." Mark say as he puts his arm around Jessica."Hey jess." Mark said"Yeah.""You do know that all of these dorks *points and Wade, bob,jack ,aaron and Felix* all really like you.""I know,  Bob said that he hasn't seen you this happy in years." Jessica says smiling"Well you make me happy, I love almost everything about you." Mark says looking at Jessica"Really like what?""You can handle my friends, you like video games, you actually love me,your funny,and your able to actually have fun with anyone." Mark says smiling"Aww,mark that's so sweet." Jessica says then kisses markJessica and mark sat and watched jack, Felix, Bob and Wade all act like children. It was almost dark when they decided to go back to the hotel."I just realized something, we only have 2 more days then we have to go back home." Jack said frowning"Well all I know is that I had fun meeting all of you guys." Jessica said as she focused on the road."We had fun meeting you,even me after you tried to kill me." Jack said making every one laugh."I'm just surprised that mark actually got a girlfriend." Felix said"Pewds don't make me kill team pewdiplier." Mark said laughingWhen they got back to the hotel they all fell asleep as they were watching a movie.Jessica wakes up and gets blankets from the closet and cover everyone up. She lays back down on the floor next to mark and covers up. Mark then wraps his arm around Jessica.~Next morning ~Jessica wakes up on the couch even though she remembered falling asleep on the floor. She sits up and sees no one. She grabs her phone out of her purse and text mark.Jess: where is everyone?Mark:we're at the storeJess: y?Mark: it's a supprise!Jess: just tell me, I don't like surprisesMark: nopeJess: plzzz!?! •_•Mark: we'll be back shortly then I'll tell youJess:KkMark:gtg love you ByeJess: love u 2 bye