
~ Marks P. O.V~I have to make this a huge supprise for jess.Jack did you get the flowers?''Yers''Ok good''Stop panicking mark she'll love it''Yams I don't think that'll help''Mark calm down "Okay,what else do we needEnd of POVJessica sat at the apartment with nothing to do,she already got dressed and cleaned everything. She pulls out her phoneJess: hey :)Amelqua: hey hows BostonJess: its fine I've met alot of marks friendsAmelqua: oh that's fun,so did you two you know... Do it?..Jess: ITS NONE OF UR BUSINESS!Amelqua: u did,didn't u?Jess:maybeAmelqua: good job jessJess:How's living with David beenAmelqua: he's so much better than Damon, I have to go, go get eem tiger!Jess:lol, bye playa B-)As the conversation ended mark came through the door. Without saying anything mark grabs Jessica's hand and pulls her out side."Mark what the hell is going on?""You'll see."Mark guides her outside to a small area, in the area a table that had roses on it with two plates,two wine glasses and two chairs."Awww,mark what is this?""I never actually took you out for a proper date,so here it is." Mark says smiling"That's so sweet." Jessica says then kisses markThey walk to the table and sit down. Wade comes over and offers some wine. He puts some in the glass then leaves. Yami then comes over like a waiter asking what they would like to eat,then walks away. A couple minutes later jack comes out and lays there food on there plates then leaves. Then Bob comes over and pours more wine in there glasses and walks away turning on a little classical music."Mark you didn't have to do this, i mean you have all of these guys helping,you have jack acting normal." She says as she wipes her mouth"I wanted to do this." He says chuckling"Well i love it,and I love you." Jessica says smiling"Well I love you." Mark says as he leans closer for a kiss.Jessica and mark kiss then get up to leave. Mark and Jessica go back to the hotel. "I have another supprise."mark said" what?" Jessica askMark then pulls out her favorite movie one missed call. She hugs him then he puts it in the DVD player and then both snuggle up together on the couch.~1 hour later ~Jessica falls asleep and so does mark. Jack,felix,Bob, Wade,and aaron were already in there rooms asleep. "Jess,wake up lets go to the bedroom so we can sleep better." Mark whispers.Jessica doesn't budge. He picks her up and walks to there room. ~next morning ~"Jessica, mark wake up your flight leaves in less than an hour!" Jack says waking them up both."Oh shit!"mark says as him and Jessica hurry to their feet getting everything together.Mark and Jessica put all there bags in the car and say there goodbyes and go to the airport.