
Carmela's POV
Today is adoption day. Great. I have been in the adoption center for 5 years and no one wants me. Well, we'll see what happens today.
Stormie's POV
Mark- How old do you want the child to be?
Me- I want him/her to be over 5 but under 10 so him or her will be easier to take care of.
Mark- Okay. Let's look over there. They look like how old you said.
Carmela's POV
I saw a couple looking at the section I was in. When they came over to my room, I saw the lady whisper into the man's ear and they asked us a few questions. After that, they went to the lady who files everything. I just hope they want me and not my roommate / best friend, Lillibeth or both of us.
Mark's POV
Both of the girls looked so nice and Stormie said she wanted one in their room but, I don't know which one.
Me-Stormie, which one do you want? They both look so nice.
Stormie- Actually, I was hoping you would be okay with both of them. I want to adopt both of them.
Me- Great! I love having little girls in the house. I will never miss the times I had with Rydel when she was little.
We filled everything out and went to their room.
Carmela's POV
They returned back to our room and said that they were adopting both of us. When they were closer to us, I thought they looked kinda familiar.
The man- Incase you guys wanted to know, we are Mark and Stormie Lynch.
Me- Oh my god! Stormie and Mark! Parents of R5?
Stormie- (notices my many posters of R5) Wow, you are a super fan, I'm guessing.
Me- I am and I'm super happy you are adopting us! I'll go pack.
Lillibeth- Yeah me too. Thanks for adopting us.
Lillibeth isn't really a super fan but she listens to their music every day. She doesn't have posters but I'm sure she has a crush on Riker even though she knows he has a girlfriend.
When they left, I started screaming and jumping around. I'm just super happy they're adopting us.
A/N New story! My first story so please don't send hate. Please tell me if there's typos because I am using like, 4 different items For writing this and it confuses my account for some reason and it adds stuff like website names. Sorry-Carmela