
October 11 2014- Like any other day it was busy in downtown Cleveland and it was the start of the hockey season . Like usual it was packed everyone couldn't wait for the first game .children giggled and cheered to see their favorite players play ,the parents and adults were hoping for a win and a good fight .most of the people sat to their seats .the game was about the start .5....4.....3....2.....1......the intro played but it stopped half way through it was the news. "Everyone get in safety lock your doors! There's a zombie apocalypse!" The humongotron went black , everyone was horrified about what they heard, but one child wasn't her name was Amelia ,she was only 9 years old and she always carries a hockey stick with her . "I'll be back mommy " Amelia said to her mother .she walked to the concourse with money in her hand and the hockey stick in the other , walking past the main entrance seeing zombies swarming trying to get in ,she listened to the banging on the glass doors trying to break the doors down .the security was trying to shoot the zombies ,there were to many ,Amelia shoved the money in her pocket and ran to people who worked at the arena they followed Amelia to the main entrance zombies where able to break down the glass doors and started to swarm the con coarse Amelia broke her hockey stick and ran to a zombie and took the broken hockey stick and jabbed the zombie in the chest and took the other piece and tripped it and smashing the hockey stick on the zombie's head hard over and over again getting blood on her hoodie and picks up a piece of her hockey stick. A tall boy with dirty blond hair and blue eyes wearing a shirt that says "fabulous " on it walked to Amelia and said "Puchu Taco!" He said "Who are you and we should go somewhere safe" Amelia said bumping into a tall girl looking if she was from out of state "Sorry...I'm Amelia what's your name?" Amelia said to the tall girl "..I'm Angie and the boy's name is David " Angie said"I'm the most fabulous person in the world !~❤️" David said throwing sparkles everywhere "Well we should be killing zombies.." Amelia said ,Angie toke a gun from the dead security guard and shoots the zombies coming in " well that should do.." Angie said , taking Amelia's ticket and grabs Amelia and David's hand running to Amelia's seats ... They saw people fighting and dying what a horrible sight ... .