
Chapter 1
Zet's P.O.V Hey! I'm Zet, or at least that's the part of my name I remember, I'm sixteen years old and I've never transformed into a wolf before which is not normal because I was supposed to change at fourteen and because of that I'm considered an outcast. I have long waste length white hair emerald eyes I'm approximately 5'7 and I'm also late as hell, training started thirty minutes ago.
Arriving at the training grounds I was greeted with the usual stares by some of the pack members. I just ignored them and walked straight to my best friend Nicholas and only friend if I might add, who I called Nick I quickly partnered up with him and started my training for the day " wow you sure are early Zet" Nick said with a smug look on his face "yeah yeah I know I know I'm super late let's just get this over with"
Later that day after training with Nick I decided to upgrade my weopon closet and visited the weopon store, on my way there, I intersected with the bitch of all bitches and her posse lucky me, hope you guys caught the sarcasm. "Ok what do you guys want?" I asked in a bored tone "we want you gone you're nothing but a jinx and you're gonna stain the pack's pride weakling" Brianna said "ok then if that is all I'll be going then" I said not really in the mood for a fight, but suddenly I felt a blinding pain at the back of my head, I spun around only to be punched in the face by Brianna I quickly got back up and through a punch of my own only to have it grabbed by Brianna, she then pulled me forward and kneed me in the stomach, by now we were gaining and audience. Brianna roughly pushed me back and my head hit the ground she then started with her rants "you don't belong here, you should just die, you waste of space you make me sick at how weak you make our pack look, you make it look like an easy target, tsk tsk tsk pathetic" a lot of 'yhs' and nodds were seen and heard from the crowd that had gathered by me. I felt pathetic and worthless so I did the only thing I could think of, I ran as fast as my human legs would take me until I reached home. I stripped, took a bath, cleaned and dressed my wounds and decided that I would take a rest.
Dream worldBlood was every where, bodies were lying lifelessly on the ground I remembered I had passed out because of the events and woke up chained to chair watching my parents being tortured because of some prophecy " where is the golden key " the man would ask after hitting my mother and father, their reply were always the same I don't know, the big gruff man then walked over to me and started to whip me with the cane over and over but my mom and dad still didn't talk "they really don't know.......... Kill them they are no use to me" the other man nodded and slit my fathers throat "stay strong Zet...." My mother started, she never got to finish my name.
I woke up panting with beads of sweat dripping from my face, calm down I told myself over and over in my head. I got up and trudged to the kitchen to get a glass of water. Once I'm the kitchen I heard a voice calling me in the woods I know I shouldn't have gone but it was a full moon and I was curious, I opened the door and stepped into the cold night air the voice called for me again I followed it jumping over tree branches and avoiding tress and rocks, finally I came to the end of the cliff and looked at the moon I heard a voice in my head begging me to call it out "you must finish the name Zet, finish the name Zet...." I didn't understand did it mean my name, whose name am I supposed to finish, once again the voice called out saying the same thing I looked at the moon once more and tried my best to remember then suddenly the moon began speaking to me also "you are the piece of a puzzle, you're one piece of the key finish the name my dear say it Zet...""Zet..... Zet...." I tried to remember then it finally clicked "Zeti.... Zetilna" Suddenly there was a huge energy wave that was released and I was a beautiful midnight black wolf. "Zetilna this is just the start of your journey, you must be wise in your choosing, there are four others like you that were gifted with special unique powers you are a hybrid, you must unlock your other half first and then you must gather the four outcast in each of the four villages and defeat the darkness that is coming your way and together you shall create a new era.