
It did not take long for Dallas Darling to realize she'd be damned if she did not get up. Her eyes felt strained from the immediate contact with the light of the sun. She rubbed her eyes, thinking it would better the straining but it made her all the more tired and to her luck, smudged her mascara. She yawned and flopped back down on the leather couch, her cheek cold against the material. 'You'll be damned' She thought again. 'You'll be damned if you don't get up'.This time, she sat up and forced herself to remove her body from the warm embrace of the blanket. The air surrounding her was cold, unlike the fire inside of the wool blanket. She shivered and stood up, pacing around in only shorts and a bra. The heels of her feet had touched the cold hardwood floor, sending shivers up and down her body.
She entered a small white bathroom, with a small window the size of a piece of parchment paper.She untangled her hair with an ungrateful grunt and brushed her brown locks out. By the end, her hair lay flat on her back, pinned back by a few bobby pins. She looked herself in the mirror, muttering some dirty words at her clumsiness. If she hadn't had smeared the mascara on her lashes, she could of worn it another day. She wet a small brown wash cloth and applied a small amount of pressure to her eye, wiping and dabbing the excess mascara off.
She stood up and went back to her couch in the living room of Marcia Anne's house. She took the wool blanket and folded it neatly and placed it on the leather couch the way she had found it the night before. She grabbed her wrinkled t-shirt (also from the night before) and put it on. She grabbed her satchel, laying on the kitchen counter and grabbed an apple sitting in a bowl of fruit. Her keys sat lonesomely beside the bowl and she flung them into her satchel, preparing to leave Marcia Anne's house.
She rummaged the drawers and found a piece of parchment paper and a pencil, writing a thank you to her older friend, for letting her stay the night. She stuck it somewhere noticeable and left without a look back. It was still early in the morning, maybe five or six, the sun was waking up and the moon was slowly falling asleep on the vast horizon. She walked maybe ten, twenty, thirty minutes before walking up to a house that seemed alien to her the night before. She grasped the gate handle and shook it a few times before the rust unsettled and she could open it. She looked at the brick house with a meek look.
"You'll be so damned, so very damned." She said aloud this time, placing the key in the keyhole.
Immediately as she entered, arms wrapped around her waist and hands tangled her hair, again. She didn't know exactly why she was getting a hug, she ran away the night before because that very person giving her a hug had told her that they never wanted to see her again.
"Oh Dallas-" Jennifer Darling sobbed. "-I thought I'd never see you again."
She also let out a small sob, embarrassed but overwhelmed with relief.
"Your a teenager and I should of expected that one night you'd come home drunk." Her mother cradled her head, stroking pieces of hair behind her ear.
It wasn't the first time Dallas came home drunk, it was the first time she wasn't able to hide that she wasn't sober.
"I'm sorry mum." Dallas spoke quietly to her mother. "It won't happen again."
"You sure are a fooler Dallas." Her mother let out a sad chuckle. "But I shouldn't of told you that I never wanted to see you again."
She shouldn't have.Damn right.
With a slight yawn, Jennifer Darling realized her daughter must of had a horrible sleep, as did Jennifer but her priority was her daughter.
"Did you sleep outside?" She asked worriedly.