
Dallas shook her head. "Marcia."
"What a saint that girl is! I'll warm you some tea and get the fireplace going alright? Go change into something comfy." She helped Dallas inside, though Dallas was plenty capable to walk herself to her room.
But she did as told, changing into baggy clothing that once belonged to her older brother. She wrapped her self in her own blanket, that belonged to her own bed and sat in the kitchen, waiting for her mother to finish making the tea.
"Here you are." Her mother smiled, handing her a pastel green mug.
The tea was bland, as usual since they couldn't afford the good tea like Marcia could. Marcia could buy anything she wanted, since she was living on her own now and had the Two's currency.
The stairs leading downstairs crept solemnly and two heads popped around the corner. Her smile tugged upwards for the first time that morning when she saw her young brother and sister, wearing her old pyjamas.
"I told you she'd come back." Mika Darling stamped her foot proudly, crossing her arms and sticking her hip out.
"You told me she got mugged by aliens stupid!" Teddy Darling pushed his sister and she stumbled backwards, taking Teddy down with her.
Dallas felt slightly better after seeing her little siblings rumble in the hallway.
"Go back to bed you two." The Darling's mother hugged. "Or else."
"Or else what?" Teddy challenged.
"Or else I'll never let you have separate rooms."
That sent the siblings flying down the steps of the small house and back to bed. Dallas gave her mother an approving smile for the threat she gave the younger Darling children.
If you stood Dallas and Mika side-by-side, you'd ask why they aren't twins. They both had the icy blue eyes and the long brown hair but Dallas, being only seventeen looked rather young and frail without makeup on while Mika, who had just turned fourteen, looked about as old as Dallas, only shorter and had a flatter chest.Teddy on the other hand, looked just like the oldest sibling of the Darling family, Lionel Darling. Lionel and Teddy had the same icy blue eyes like everyone in the Darling family but they had blonde hair, like the father but we do not mention him.
Dallas finished her tea without another word, trailing down the hallway of the small shack they called a house. She wore her blanket like a cape until she fell face first on her bed, and cocooned herself like a caterpillar waiting to turn into a butterfly.