
Carina p.o.vCARINA GET YOUR YOUR ASS DOWN HERE NOW! Mechelle(My foster care taker) yelled.  Im coming! I yelled back. I hurried and ran down stairs. Finally down here why are you so slow are you a slooth? She said and laughed. No but your face looks like a sloth, I said. She frowned and smacked me shut up and go get me my belt now its time, she said smirking.  I backed up. Get it now!! She yelled. I got the belt and gave it to her. We all have a belt for when were bad. She hit my leg. I yelled. Ahhh I am sorry. No you did what you did and now your gonna know what it feels like! She yelled. Bet your wondering what I did. Well I kinda punched her boyfriend and his son in the face. Well it wasn't only my fault!He was sexaual herrasing me! I yelled.Your a fucking liar!!! She said hitting me with the metal part of the belt. Then someone walked in.  We looked who it was. Mechelle we have people who are looking to adopt. Okay thank you katie,Carina stay here and dont you move!Mechelle left and locked the door. I sat there and just criedCameron's p.o.vAye nash do you want to come in with me? I asked. Yeah I wanna see what your getting, He said. We walked in.  Hi my name is Mechelle How can I help you? The lady at the desk said. Yes I am looking to adopt.  Age? Mechelle asked.Hmm 15 or 14  I said. Their was only one file she gave me. It said:Name:Carina Sex:Female Age:15Allegeries:NoneHeight:5'2. I will take her. I said. She looked shocked. Why, she said getting an adittude. Because he want her, Nash said. She gave her a dirty look. Fine! Don't bring her back! She said. Then she called a kid over. Go unlock Carina out and tell her to pack she is leaving. Ok Miss Mechelle. He ran upstairs.Michelle asked whos adopting.I am, I said raising my hand. Michelle gave me the papers so we can we sign it.Mechelle just kept looking at us giving us a dirty look while giving us a fake smile trying to look nice at the same time. I could tell nash didn't like her the way he was looking at her.She had purple mixed with red weave, Her nose is periced, look about 5'4, and she looks like she is in her 30s. Finally Carina came down.She has light brown hair, brown eyes.She only had a teddy bear in her hand. Wheres your stuff? Nash asked. I don't have any thing,she said. Nash gave Mechelle a dirty look and then walked to Carina and introduced his self. Hi Nash, she said shyly.  What it do girl, He said trying to act all cool. We all laughed.  You adopted somebody you can go now bye, Michelle said smirking and kicking us out.  She must be a bitch how can you stand her? I asked Carina as we got into the car. I can't, she said. Me and nash laughed.  Nash got in back with Carina. Oh I am Cameron by the way. Sup Cameron, she said. I chuckled.  How long is this drive gonna be? She asked yawning.  Awhile, Nash said answering her question. She laid her her head on nashs shoulder and fell asleep holding her teddy bear. So nash any request I asked while plugging my phone into the aux coard.  Yeah how about whistle remixJake miller, He said. I turned the song on and me and nash started singing the song.
~An hour later~
We were finally home and Carina was still asleep. Nash can you grab carina? I asked.  Uggh shes to heavy,he complained. I rolled my eyes and  grabbed her gently. Dude she feels like a stick in fact I think I can feel her ribs, I said. Nash grabbed the door and the guys started going wild running towards us. Woah woah calm  down shes asleep! Nash Yelled. I looked at nash and sshed him. Sorry, Nash whispered.  I brought her upstairs into the guest room and closed the door queitly.
Hey loves❤ I hope you guys liked this chapter. I loves you.Have a Great night✌