
Prompt: Stiles knocks on your door while it's raining outside. He's soaked and you decide to take care of him.

Today was a very rainy day. The streets were flooded, no cars were driving because it's too dangerous. I was studying for history when I heard someone knocking on the door. "Y/N, open the door!" I ran downstairs and when I opened the door, I saw Stiles. Soaking wet. "Stiles, what the hell happened?" I chuckled as I ran my fingers through his wet hair. "I was at Scott's house. When I wanted to go back home, it rained cats and dogs and it won't stop. My jeep wouldn't start so I ran to the nearest house, which was yours. I couldn't stay at Scott's house, because he had some kind of family reunion. And don't laugh at me!" He hugged me and I screamed. He finally let go of me and my shirt had stains of water on it. "You should take a shower, I'll make some hot chocolate when you're downstairs." He nodded and ran upstairs. "I almost forgot! You can borrow some of my dad's clothes and leave yours on the heater!" He thanked me and I began making the hot chocolate.
~ 10 minutes later ~
We sat down on the couch with our hot chocolate in our hands. Stiles was still a bit cold and I had an idea. I put the cup down on the table and ran to the closet. I picked out the biggest blanket and walked back. "Look what I got.", I said and put the blanket over us. "Do you have the same idea?" "That we should watch Star Wars?", I said with a excited tone. He grinned and nodded. I put the DVD in the DVD player and the movie started. Halfway through the movie, I got really tired. "Are you okay there sleepyhead?" Stiles said and caressed my left cheek. We've been friends since 4th grade, but he never knew that I fell in love with him when I was 14. I didn't want him to know this because I was worried that it would ruin our friendship because he definitely doesn't like me back. "Yeah, I'm" I yawned. "I'm fine." I crept closer to him and laid my head on his left shoulder. I heard him sigh before I fell asleep, his fingers tracing circles on my back.

Stiles wanted to tell you so bad that he was in love with you since the first time he met you, but he didn't get the chance. "I'll tell you tomorrow." He whispered and gave you a kiss on your forehead before he also fell asleep.