
Omani
Hi my name is Omani and I'm a very popular girl around town and in school. My dad used to abuse my mom before he died.
I was saddened by the time he passed but it was also a relief. I love my dad I just didn't like him hitting on my mom. Anyways I have a crush on the schools football quarterback, Quavious, but I never really talked to him and I think he has a girlfriend.
I heard he works in a trap house with his cousin Kiari. Cassidy likes Kiari but she's too shy to talk to him.
I got up and did my morning hygiene and put on my all white with my blue pumas and my gucci bag. After I got ready for school I went downstairs where my mom and little brother was eating breakfast.
"Hey mama hey Jabari," I said.
"Hey sweetie, Cassidy coming over after school?"
"Yeah ma."
"Good you know my friend April," she asked.
"Yes."
"Well we're going to be having dinner with some kids about your age at her house tonight."
"So what should I wear you know I like to look presentable."
"Your definitely my daughter just wear something classy and I let Cassidy's mom know too."
"Ok mama I'll see you later."
I grabbed the keys to my car and left out of the house.
I got to school in 20 minutes and I saw Quavious, some other boys also known as "The Jocs" and their girlfriends playing music and leaning on their cars. The only parking spot I could find was nearby them.
I grabbed my purse and keys and got out of my car.
"Ew," Wendy said.
"What babe," Quavious spoke.
"Ew her I can't stand her I think she likes you Quavious."
"I'm all yours Wendy."
I just chuckled and walked inside the building.
"Hey best friend," Cassidy hollered.
I chuckled. "Hey girl, aye you know about the-."
"Dinner? yeah I'm coming I can't wait. I wonder who the boys are probably not our type."
"Yeah."
The bell started to ring.
"Let's go bestie," I said.
I hated first period because all the boys from the parking lot are in this class and they're annoying I swear.
I was the last one to walk in the classroom.
"Oh that's Quavo girl. Aye Quavo she bad," Dimitri yelled.
"Chill brah that's not my girl."
I sat down and got out my science book.
"Ok class I have a project that will be assigned to you and I'm giving you the opportunity to pick your partners."
I just sat in my chair while everyone moved around finding their partners
"Can I work with you," he asked.
"I don't care," I shrugged.
"Ok for this project you will have to create something dealing with science I don't care what it is and no volcanoes."
-