
School ended and I was on my way to my car. I was about to walk out until someone stepped in front of me.
"You working with Quavo for that project girl," Wendy asked.
"For what?"
"What do you mean that's my man."
"He asked me now get out of my way before I smack the living dog shit out of you."
I made my way to my car and drove off. I don't know who that bitch thinks she is, I can easily TAKE her man and leave her heart broken but I'm not gonna hurt their relationship YET.
I arrived home and got out the car. I went in my room and picked out my outfit.
I guess I'll wear my stunning hollow lace long sleeve black dress that fits my curves in all the right places and my black Louboutins.
Since it was only 4:50 I decided to get in the shower which took 35 minutes I got out and put on my clothes.
After I got dressed I wand curled my hair and put on my diamond earrings and Cassidy came in my room.
"Oooh bestie you look good."
"Thanks you too."
"Girls are y'all ready," my mom called.
"Yes mommy."
We walked downstairs with my mama and brother.
"You girls look like beautiful young ladies."
"Thanks mama."
We left and went to their house which was right across the street. My mom knocked on the door and her friend opened it.
"Aw you guys look stunning come in."
"Jabari, Cassidy and Omani this is Quavious, Kirshnick and Kiari," she said.
"Um Hi," Cassidy and I said in unison.
"Oh I forgot this is Quavious' girlfriend Wendy."
We said hi to one another and got ready for dinner.
"So do you kids go to school together," April asked.
"Yeah ma, Omani's my partner for that project I told you about," Quavious said.
"Mama E I don't like the idea I mean this is just a way so she can be with my man," Wendy spoke.
Mama E just rolled her eyes.
"Omani can I talk to you on the porch," mama E asked.
"Yeah."
I got up and walked to the porch where we both took a seat.
"So Omani you like Quavious."
"Yes ma'am."
"Oh you can just call me Mama E I like you more than that Wendy child anyway."
We sat a conversed for 20 minutes until it was time to go.
"Cassidy you spending the night," my mom asked.
"Yeah."
We got home and I took a shower and put on my onesie and watched movies with Cassidy.