
"Simon, are you paying attention?" Izzy asked. It was a month after Luke and Jocelyn's wedding, and Simon was trying to remember everything that has happened to him with Shadowhunters and all this buzz. Some things were still a little foggy, but at least he was remembering Isabelle. In fact, he was remembering her the most, and that had to mean something.
He had moved out of his moms house, quit high school, and moved into the New York Institute. The lie was that he was being accepted into a high school in Africa, and was going to try to live there. The residents of the New York Institute could only hope that no friends and family were walking by when Simon went out of the Institute.
"Of course I am." Simon said, putting his hands behind his back, hiding the key chain he was playing with.
"The arrow you shoot won't go straight if you don't pull the string back all the- Simon!"
Simon couldn't bring himself to pay attention. He had to much things on his mind. Jace and Clary where distracting him across the room by making out. Jace was making faces at him.
"Sorry." he mumbled.
Izzy put the bow back on its hanger. "We might be able to do this a different time."
"Izzy, no." he said, grabbing her arm and trying to pull it back.
"Yes." she demanded, pulling her arm back.
Simon wasn't the only one who was having a hard time. Who couldn't when your mom and dad were getting a divorce! They say they would like each other more as friends.
Friends don't have children together.
And if they divorce, they won't go as friends. They'll be strangers to one another again. Robert will certainly find someone who doesn't want to be friends with him, and Maryse will be single for the rest of her life.
Not only that, but Alec was getting more and more attached to Mangus. Not that she doesn't appreciate and support their relationship, but Alec was the shoulder she could cry on.
"Izzy, I need to ask you something." Simon whispered, but Izzy heard it. Her head whipped up.
"Will you go to dinner with me?" Simon asked, staring at the ground. "I found this really neat place down town, and I was hoping that you would want to get some food and then go see a late movie or something."
"I would love to." Izzy answered, putting her finger under his chin and lifting his eyes to meet her eyes.
Their heads slowly inched together, but the kiss was interrupted by Jace bumping into Simon, sending him crashing into Izzy. They both tumbled on the floor.
"Oops." Jace laughed.
"Jace." Clary warned.
Izzy rolled her eyes. Jace could not get mature enough.
"Here." Clary said, giving a hand to help Izzy up on her feet.
"So I heard something about a date?" Jace asked, making no move to help Simon to his feet.
"I was hoping to get Simon all alone for once." Izzy said, brushing her now muddy arms.
"Oh." Jace said, a smile forming on his lips. "Simon, I would be scared."
Clary slapped his arm. "If you can't say something nice, then don't talk at all."
Jace made a zippering motion across his lips. It was Clary's turn to roll her eyes.
There was a big slam on the door, and yelling from the other side.