
A Mouse's Demise
#deadlyglasses
A woman leaves her glasses on the kitchen counter and inadvertently causes a death. How?
Mary put a cool hand to her forehead, taking a deep, gulping breath. She pulled her fingers away and rubbed her eyes tiredly. Setting her half-moon spectacles down on the countertop, she leaned forwards and rested her head in her hands. A long day at work flashed through her mind, and a slight frown creased her brow. She shook her head, reminding herself that her angry customers didn't actually hate her, but all telemarketers. She sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose.
A good night's sleep ought to refresh everything, she decided. She slowly stood and walked out of her apartment's small kitchen, her worn slippers padding on the tile floor. Before she left, she took a pill from the cupboard and took it in one swallow. She threw herself onto her bed, her duvet comforter billowing out around her, and shoved her mousy hair out of her face. She fell asleep within seconds.
The kitchen was darkly lit, soft shadows decorating the room like cobwebs. It smelled faintly of the mushroom omelet Mary'd cooked that morning for breakfast. Her dishes were still on the counter, the glass plate and smooth silver cutlery piled into a small saucepan and left forgotten beside the sink. Remnants of Mary's breakfast remained in the saucepan, hardening as they sat in the open air.
A small movement in the far cupboard, slight squeaking, and a brown mouse leapt nimbly onto the marble counter. His paws slipped and slid on the glossy surface. When he came to a halt he raised his snout in the air, whiskers twitching. He latched onto the stale scent of mushroom-y goodness, and took off to find the source of it. He lost all control, skidding towards...
He slammed into Mary's glasses, clawing at the shiny counter surface, trying to get a grip. He frantically tried to avoid the upcoming collision, but he smashed into the saucepan in the sink, glass flying in splintered shards all around. His eyes widened as a wickedly sharp shard whistled, glinting, through the air towards him. With a squeak, the quivering little rodent scurried to the sauce pan, clambering up its handle. A mighty jump, and he flew out of the sink! His eyes were filled with hope, desperation... He crashed hard into the ceramic tile floor. Battered and bruised, he lay with a pounding heart, chest heaving, before scrambling for cover.
Suzy, the white fluffy cat, pounced from her perch on her cushioned chair. Stalking over, she held a piece of Mary's glasses in her jaw [because she had some sort of disease that caused all calcium in her body to soften dramatically, and her teeth and nails were rotting and useless]. She pinned him down and slit his throat, easily splitting his tender flesh and killing him instantly.
She then devoured him whole.