
"Magnus! I said knock on the door, don't body slam it. You'll ruin your jeans." a faint voice yelled.
A girlish scream was heard from the other side of the door.
"Hide." Izzy mouthed. One thing both Alec and Magnus hated was being scared. It was a couple thing.
Last time they came in here, Izzy was working on her knife throwing skills on the door target. Magnus hadn't knocked, and the knife barely missed one of his spike on his hair.
Izzy hid behind some knife targets. Jace started to climb the windows and walls to get up to the ceiling. Clary hid behind some punching bags. Their uniforms blended perfectly with the colors and rustics of the training room.
Everyone seemed to find a hiding place except for Simon.
He was left standing in front of the door confused.
"HIDE!" Someone whispered yelled at him. He just had enough time to get to the side of the door before it whipped open. He had to press his body into the shallow spot for the water fountain to not be hit by the door.
Magnus strode in the open door, wearing neon green skinny jeans and a cat with sunglasses t-shirt. Just plain black eyeliner and spiky hair today.
Behind him came Alec. The boy had holes in his shirt, which was usual for him. His blue eyes were piercing, scanning the room for his friends and sister.
"I told you they weren't in here." Magnus snorted.
"Mom said they were." Alec shot back.
Simon his behind the open door, waiting for his chance.
"Magnus, put that down!" Simon heard Alec whisper yell. Magnus was holding a dagger, tracing it in the air.
Izzy saw Simon behind the door. Poor boy. Probably doesn't remember half the things that Magnus has done for the shadowhunters. she thought.
She looked over at Magnus, who was too blind to see her in her black gear right next to him.
She looked back over at Simon.
Time seemed to go in slow motion.
Simon jumped out at Alec from behind the door at the exact same time as Jace jumped down from the ceiling. Jace knocked Simon over, sending him sprawling backwards. Simon's head hit the fountain, sending him un-conscious, while the foundation of the water fountain popped of, popping a pipe, and sending water hurtling towards Magnus, who spent hours picking out his clothes alone.
Magnus screamed as the cold water hit him in the face, making his hair fall out of its spikes and ruining his eyeliner.
"SIMON!" Izzy screamed, running to his side. Magnus was having a temper tantrum while Alec tried to calm him down, but was really trying to help Clary hold back Jace. Water was squirting everywhere, and Jace was trying to dodge past Clary and Alec to jump in the now forming pool of water.
Never in her life had Maryse seen such a mess.
"STOP!" she screamed at the top of her lungs. Everyone went completely still.
"What in the Angels name is going on here?"
Everyone pointed to Jace who was splashing in the pool of water.
"Now hold on a second." he said, pointing a finger towards Maryse. "It was totally Simon's fault for not finding a good enough hiding space."
"Hey!" Isabelle retorted.
"Nice try Jace. Go to your room." Maryse said, pointing a thumb over her shoulder.