
"Alright, let's give a big warm welcome to Asher Kane!" Ellen Degeneres said as she stood up from her white couch chair. The crowd went wild as Asher Kane walked on stage.
She wore a black and white striped crop top with a black skirt. She wore teal blue pumps that were held with a strap. She also wore white round sunglasses on top of her head.
She hugged Ellen and then sat down. "It's great to be here, Ellen!" She said smiling and waving at the crowd.
The crowd cheered. "So Asher, you're a huge star am I right?" Ellen asked.
Asher nodded. "I guess I am." She laughed.
"Alright, well let's see, you're sixteen, almost seventeen, and you own your own clothing store with your own clothing brand." Ellen said. Asher nodded.
"Your parents are also huge stars right, Kayla Jore and Cody Kane." She said. The crowd cheered. Everyone loved Asher's parents, they were huge movie stars.
"Yeah, they're amazing." Asher said smiling.
"So, is there any special boy in your life?" Ellen asked.
"No, I don't need any distractions." Asher said.
The show went on and everyone went wild. When the show finished Asher went back stage and waited for her sister, Alorey Kane. She was basically Asher's manager. Except she was a writer and singer.
"Asher!" A voice said entering Asher's dressing room. It was Miley Cyrus, one of Asher's close friend.
"Smiley!" Asher said standing up hugging the teen pop star. "How's life, cowgirl?" She asked. Asher was the only person in the entire world besides Alorey who could call Miley 'cowgirl'.
"I'm good, I just saw you on Ellen! Miley said. The two talked until Alorey showed up.
"Miley!" She said hugging her.
"Alorey, it's good to see you! Are we still on for that feature?" Miley asked. Alorey nodded. The two were going to sing a duet to raise money for homelessness.
Alorey checked the time and gasped. "Ash, we have to get going, mum and dad are waiting for us, we're going out to dinner with some of their new friends." She said.
They all exchanged their goodbyes and the two sisters made their way to Alorey's black hummer. It's one of the prettiest cars on earth.
Alorey drove them to where they were meeting their parents.
"Alorey! Asher!" Their mother said hugging them.
"Hey pumpkins!" Their dad said.
"Hey guys, how was the movie?" Asher asked?
"Oh it was amazing!" Their father said. "We made new friends, and we're having dinner with them." He added.
"Who are they?" Alorey asked.
"Justine and Troy Bridger, and their son Coen Bridger." Their mother said.
"They were in that movie with the aliens." Their dad said laughing.
"Oh, Coen is so cute!" Alorey said giggling.
"And to young for you!" Their mother said. She was right Alorey was twenty years old and Coen was like seventeen.
"Age is but a number, mother." She said.
"And so is your prison ID number of you keep it up." Asher said. Her father started laughing.
"Oh shutup!" Alorey said rolling her eyes. "Anyways, I'm talking to someone already." She said flipping her hair and walking away.
"I wonder who can stand her." Asher said rolling her eyes.
"Oh be quiet, Ash. Come on before we're late for dinner with the Bridgers." Her mother said.