
I heard the heavy screams coming from two blocks down from my apartment. The smell of smoke gave it away. I knew they were trying to draw me out. They would be waiting for me.
I quickly got into my fighting gear and ran out the door, making sure to lock all the windows first so they couldn't break in unless they wanted attention from the public, which wasn't their style. They like to keep secrets.
I ran down the stairs and burst through the main door, into the streets of New York. I smelled the air to figure out where the smoke was coming from.
North.
I quickly ran down the street to where the burning building was. There was a crowd gathering behind the endless line of ambulances and fire trucks. The firemen were trying to take the fire out with their long water hoses, but it wasn't doing any good.
There would be death today. Unless I had anything to do with it.
I swiftly sneaked through the line of policemen and firemen, heading towards the back entrance. I put my hands near the door to feel if it was hot. It wasn't. I put my hands on the door nob, turning it. It was jammed.
Great! I thought. I looked around for anything to help me break down the door. There was a crowbar next to the dumpsters. I grabbed it and wedged it in the door, running it down and hearing the soft click, that told me it was open. I kicked open the door and ran inside. As soon as I was in there my eyes started burning and watering. I coughed and pulled my hood up, covering my mouth with my sleeve. The screams were coming from the upper level. I bolted up the stairs, following my hearing. Hoping to god that most of the people were out already.
The screams were getting louder and I knew I was almost there. So close.
My vision was getting foggy and I knew if I didn't get those people out of there soon enough they would be the only ones dying today. But I willed myself to move forward.
I could hear the screams perfectly now, they were in the next room, the only thing keeping me from them was the door.
"Back away from the door!" I warned. I heard shuffling, and waiting a few seconds before I kicked the door with all my might. It fell down, a cloud of ashes rising above it, making my vision even more blurry. "Where are you?" I yelled.
"Please! Help us!" I heard a woman scream. I heard coughing and moved to where it was. As some of the fog died down I could make out I woman and a child huddled in the corner of the room. "Come with me!" I yelled. The woman picked up her weeping child and slowly made her way towards me. "Be carful! The boards could break!" I yelled. I was right. Lots of the boards were coming lose because they were turning into ash. Once she reached me I grabbed her hand. "Don't let go of my hand!" I said. She nodded and we took off. I lead her through the the doorway and back into the staircase hallway. We ran down the stairs, keeping away from certain spots that looked like they were going to give. The woman stopped halfway, hacking and spitting out ash. "I can't go any further." She sputtered through coughing fits. I grabbed her child from her and took her hand once more. "C'mon were almost there." I said, urging her to go on. I looked her in the eyes and she nodded. I pulled her down the stairs trying to shield the infants eyes so they wouldn't be permanently damaged. I could see the door, leading to the outside. I let go of her hand, "get outside!" I yelled, she looked at me for a second then grabbed her child running towards the door. Suddenly a board from the ceiling started coming lose. "Watch out!" I screamed. She turned, her eyebrows burrowing, confused. I ran as the board started to fall from the ceiling. I held it up, as the fire lit board burned my flesh. "Run!" I yelled. She didn't anymore time, she was out of the door like a bullet. I heaved the wooden board to the ground; breathing through my mouth to try to block out the smell of burnt flesh. I looked at my hands, they were stage 2 burns, maybe worse. I cringed as my skin cells started to reproduce rapidly, the old skin flaking off. Relief coursed though me as my hands turned back to normal.
I listened for more screams or notices but all I could her was the crackling of fire. I ran out into the streets, hoping there weren't anymore poor souls stuck in the building.
I gulped down the fresh air as a paramedic ran towards me.
"Miss! Miss!" They called. My vision was spotted with black dots, I would black out soon enough. I fell to the ground, my vision going dark, the paramedic put an oxygen mask around my mouth. The last thing I saw was the black cars pulling up. With S.H.I.E.L.D's logo on the side door.