
The guard led me down the hall to the interrogation room I knew all to well.
I cringed when I heard the shrieks from other victims.
Why does it have to be like this. I thought. The guard stopped at room 33. I swallowed hard, then stepped in. My mind was racing. What would they have planned for me today.
In the room was a black leather chair and table beside it with different tools to make you cooporate. It had door, with metal walls like my cell. But one had a window with bars to keep people in, and to also keep people out. I stared at it for a long while until I felt a cold hand on my shoulder. I closed my eyes.
He was here.
I turned to see Agent Ward. His tight shield uniform showing of his toned muscles.
"Sit." He commanded, pointing towards the leather chair.
"Thanks for asking nicely." I said flatly. I could see the rage starting to bubble up behind his eyes so I shut up. Sarcasm would mean a more painful interrogation. I walked over to the middle of the room there the chair was, and sat down.
Then, Ward tied my wrists and ankles to the chair. I just sat there, feeling wide awake now.
"Now," he said, taking the first instrument in his hand,"where is he?" I bit my lip, trying to keep from saying a snarky remark. "Tell me." he insisted. I stared at the long metal piece in his hands. It was almost like a mini chainsaw. I hated this one. And he knew it. He flicked the switch to turn it on and it fired to life. I took in a deep breath. He grabbed my throat and held the mini-saw up my neck. "Tell me now!" He yelled so loud my ears started to throb.
"We've been doing this everyday for the last 2 months, and the only thing you've gotten out of me is sarcasm." I said smirking. He dug the mini saw into my neck. The pain was unbearable. Tiny little knives biting into the sensitive flesh. I closed my eyes and imagined I was on a beach somewhere tropical like Hawaii. I always did this when the pain was getting to be to much. He started off with the hard one. I thought. He's impatient today.
I gasped as he took the weapon away from my neck. "In a hurry are we?" I said gulping down fresh air. I didn't even realize I had been holding it in. I felt blood started to trickle down my neck onto the floor. Something flickered in his eyes. Guilt? I though. No way. There's no way he would feel guilty for this, it's his job.
"We're done here. Your free to go back to your cell." He said storming out and slamming the door. I sat there stunned. Mostly because he left me tied up and there wasn't much I could do to move, and second, he felt something. Maybe he's not the emotionless robot I thought he was.
No. You can't start thinking this way, he's the enemy. He doesn't care about you. He's playing with your mind.
But in a strange way, I think I felt something for him too.
-Author note- Hey guys! Sooooo it's like midnight and I've been writing all night ( not just updating this fanfic but some others too). So what do you think Jamie and Agent Wards ship name should be??!!! Comment what you think!!! I'll try to update tomorrow or Sunday if I can. Love you all! Cuddles😘