
Eventually a guard came in and saw that I was still tied up. Untied the rope and walked me back to my cell.
"What happened to your neck?" He asked.
"Interrogation, let's just say sarcasm doesn't help." I said. He chuckled.
"You got let off easy, Agent Wards patients usually come out of there and to the hospital." He said.
"Is that so?" I asked.
"You might still need stitches though." He said.
"I figured as much." I replied, letting my lips curve into a slight smile.
"My names Adam." He said holding out his hand. I took it.
"My names non of your business." I replied, shaking his hand. He smiled.
"Until next time then miss non of your business." He said with a fake British accent.
"Until next time." I curtsied.
"I can always look you up!" Adam yelled as he closed her cell and started walking away. I smiled, sighing. How could he say I'd gotten off easy with Agent Ward? My neck had a long gash that was dripping blood. If that's getting off easy then I don't even want to know how bad he hurts some of the other victims. And what was all that about calling Agent Wards victims his patients? Patients are in a hospital, not in a cell being tortured. I walked over to the glass of old water. I slowly looted it onto the cut on my neck. It hurt like hell but I was used to it by now. I had to do this almost everyday. I closed my eyes and tried to think about what the outside world is doing right now. I focused on that while my skin cells rapidly regenerated, folding new skin over the wound, patching it up. I felt relief flush through me as the pain was washed away.
I slowly creeped into bed and pulled the blankets up to my chin. Closing my eyes, I focused on my breathing once more, to try and fall asleep.
The only thing that I could think of was one person. One man. One name.
Ward. ----------------------------------------------authors note- -__- Hey guys. Meh, my stomach hurts so bad right now ugh!!!!! Sorry it's a short chapter, I'm just not feeling to great.... What do you guys think of Adam? Adam and Jamie's ship name?? 😆😆😋 okay! I'll try to update soon! Cuddles😘