
I looked the other way when she smiled, not wanting or caring if she was going to stay. She looked to Ward and he nodded, telling her to keep going. She took a step towards me, I could hear her breaths picking up pace.
"I remember when shield captured me and put me in a cell interrogating me." She said empathetically. I heard the cell door open and shut as Agent Ward stepped out, giving us some privacy, even though there were hidden cameras in all four corners of the room.
"We're you tortured?" I asked.
"No..." She said slowly, "but-"
"Then you don't understand." I said, cutting her off. She sighed.
"All I'm asking you for is your cooperation." She said, "trust me, it will be easier, for both of us."
"Why? Cause it's so freaking hard to stand there and watch me get truth serums jabbed into me?" I asked sarcastically. She sighed again. "Look, why don't you just go tell Agent Ward that your done here? It would be easier, for both of us." I said, rage starting to bubble up inside of me.
"If that's what you want." She said. I nodded. She got up to leave, opening the cell door before she said, "see you this time tomorrow." I rolled my eyes. Therapy. Joy. I looked at the clock on the wall, it read 3:44.
Damn. I thought. 16 minutes before interrogation. 16 minutes of hell.
I thought of Skye, and her rich dark brown hair. She was obviously relatively new. She hadn't been here 3 years ago when I was last here.
I decided to start working out for a while. Building up my strength to keep myself healthy enough to possibly escape one day.
30 push-ups. 40 sit-ups. 7 minutes jog in place.
I repeated these steps until I heard the banging on my cell door.
4:00. I though.
"Mrs. Walsh?" I heard the guards voice from the other side of the cell door.
"Yes?" I said. He opened the door.
"Follow me."
~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~-Authors note-
Hola! Interrogation is next chapter!!! So do you guys like the story?? Please please please comment what you think? Sorry for any spelling or grammar error that might be in this chapter or any other chapter. They have not been edited. I'm new here....Anyways, today was grad 8 farewell at my school. It was super cheesy but still fun! Off to high school next year😖😖 Anyways it's late so I'm going to bed! Sorry for the short chapter and not updating for so long!!! Cuddles😘