
Hi, for those of you who do not know me I'm Rasec. Things you should know about me, I'm a Spanish boy, very competitive, and I'm a pretty buff teen. Am I missing anything? Oh yeah, I'm the son of Ares!
Now, I'm sure I left you with alot cliffhangers there, but keep calm and keep reading my biography! To fully understand how this all happened, we need to start in the beginning. Elizabeth Correa, gave birth to a beautiful little boy, who happens to be me! Now when the doctors saw me, they immediately saw something strange about me. First of all they spanked me and spanked me, but I didn't cry. My butt was red from all the spanking, but somehow I never cried. I was alive, I was breathing and laughing, but I couldn't cry. Another rare trait of me was my eyes. My eyes are flames. I mean literally, my eyes are the color of flames. Don't get me wrong, I have pupils and everything, but under all that the color of my eyes are fire!
Let's skip ahead. I'm 9 years old, I was in a soccer team called Alianza. Small town team, that never had won anything. Alianza had just made it to the finals thanks to my leadership. It was the 88th minute of the match, we were tied. Now if there is something about me you should know, I hate losing. When I saw that we were tied and we had made it this far for nothing something in me just turned on. From what my friends told me, I turned almost to the color red, and I grabbed the ball and never let it go. I dribbled past all the defenders and kicked the ball with all my power to the back of the net! We had won because I suddenly went into rage mode. I had single handedly destroyed the other team.
Now ever year after that, the team I was on, never, and I mean never lost a game.
Now let's fast forward to when I was 16. I had moved to NJ, and was known for being a real "Don Juan". I brought girls to the house left and right. Then something happened. I was walking home with my girl, Jenna, when she sees a "guy"attacking this girl. I looked around, but I didn't see a guy at all, that was a bull! Well, a Minataur to be exact. I couldn't believe my eyes, how could no one else see that huge thing. I didn't think a second more, and ran full on into the huge hairy beast. I pushed it so hard that it went right through the bricked wall. I took more time to see it. All down from the horns to his chest was all bull. He had brown fur and blood colored eyes. Below that he had the body of a man. The Minotaur had strong, powerful legs. I was still in shock, when the damsel in distress suddenly got up, walked right up to the Minotaur and stabbed it in the heart. As soon as she did that the Minotaur dissolved into golden dust that was sucked up by the floor. "Way to go you idiot! I needed him alive!" I came out of my shock only to hear this crazy girl screaming at me in half English half Greek. Wait, Greek?! How did I know that? I was still in shock, but suddenly the girl stopped talking and stood still for a moment. "What regiment are you from?". I had no idea what she was talking about. Almost as if knowing that I didn't belong to any regiment she screamed "oh my gods". "What in the world was That?!" I ask, she calmly says "oh that's a Minotaur". I'm clueless so I say "aren't those supposed to not exist?!". She laughs, which irritated me as if saying I'm the crazy one! "Come with me and all your questions will be revealed".