
"Levi Krumble has woken up from his Coma. The doctors say that he will be up and running for the first time in 30 years, in a couple of hours."
"OMG!" We both said. We laughed."Is he British?" Wren and i lived in England. We originally came from Australia, but moved when we finished school a year ago. Our Dad came with us, but lives in a separate section of the house. "Yeah, but i'm not sure where.""Look in the book!" "The book?""The book.""Oh! The book."The phone book. It had everyone's names and everyone's numbers."What was his name again?" i asked."Levi Krumble.""Okay."I looked until i found it. I told her the number and she dialed it.
"Hello?"
The voice was of a man, probably Levi.
"Hi, um, my name's Cath Avery-""I'm sorry, do i know you?" "No, you don't.""How did you get this number?""Yellow pages.""What do you want?""Do you know Levi Krumble?""Yes, that is I.""Well, Levi, i have a strong feeling that i am your soul mate." "Really? How can you be sure?""I can't. But for my whole life i have only been able to see in black and white, and this morning i woke up being able to see color.""What does this have to do with me?""I saw color when you woke up from, well, death. Which means that there is a chance you are my soul mate."
It sounded like he was thinking.
"We should meet up.""We should? I mean, we should! When?""Today maybe?""Oh, sure!" "Meet me at the pier at 10?""Absolutely.""See you then.""See you then."
I screamed. "What what what?!" Wren yelled. "We're meeting at the pier at 10!" "It's 9.30!" "Crap!"
I took off my Pj's and put on something nice. A loose stripy crop top and high waisted shorts. "I should leave." i said."Do you want me to drive you there?""Nah, i think i'm good.""Okay, you should get going.""Bye!""See ya."I left the house and drove all the way to the pier. Just before i got there, i stopped on the side of the road to put on makeup. I got out of the car and started walking down to the beach. Since it was winter, the weather was freezing. There was barley any sand, it was all pebbles and Snow. As i got to the beach, i saw a young man standing on the pier. "Are you Levi?" I asked. He smiled and started walking towards me. He was holding a bouquet of red roses. "Yes, are you Cath?" "I sure am." "Well, it's nice to meet you." "It's nice to meet you, too." I smiled. He held his hand out and gave me the roses. "Thank you, i'm sorry, i didn't get anything for you." "It's okay, you weren't expected to." I couldn't stop smiling. He was everything i could've imagined. He had dark blond hair that was put into a floppy quiff. His eyes were a light baby blue, and his face was pale. "Do you want to come back to my place?" Levi asked. I thought this was a little rushed, but i mean if he was my soul mate, why not? "Sure." Levi lead me to his truck. It was quite a nice truck, and it smelled like a Starbucks Cool Lime Refresher. "Where do you work?" I asked. "Starbucks." That explained the smell. "Where do you work?" Levi asked. "My sister Wren and I don't have to work, because out Dad owns his own company and gets a lot of money.""Cool." By the time we got to his house, we new everything about each other. We got out of the car and before Levi opened the door, he said,"Now, i have to warn you." "About what?" "Just, don't freak out. If you do, there will be consequences." I got a little confused, but i just agreed. "Okay." Levi opened the door. "Wow." The whole house was painted black. "Do you live with your parents?" I asked. "No. By myself." I nodded. "Okay." As i walked into the house, i started to feel really uncomfortable. "What's that smell?" I asked. Levi hesitated. "Um, i don't know what you're talking about." He said. I could definitely smell something, but i thought nothing of it. Now that i new he was my soul mate, i felt strangely sexual around him. "Do you want to go to the bed room?" I asked, leaning against a wall. I tried to make it very clear what i wanted to do in the bedroom. Or rather on the bed. Levi smiled sexually. "Race you." I ran up the stairs and looked at the doors. The smell was stronger up there. One of the doors said "Keep out." I thought that would be Levi's bedroom, so i ran in. "No!" Levi yelled. I got scared. "What?" I said as i opened the door. Levi relaxed. "Oh, um... You bet me that's all." I smiled and stepped inside. Levi sat down on the bed and i leaned over him. He reached under my top and fumbled with the clip. He lifted my top off and i did the same to him. He laid down and i laid on top of him. I pressed my lips onto his, his hands where i wouldn't usually let other peoples hands go. As i laid on top of him, Making out, i saw a pool of something behind his door. As i looked closer, i noticed it was a pool of blood. I then noticed it was dripping from a pile of naked female corpses. I screamed. He flipped me over so he was on top of me. "What are you doing?!" I yelled. He pulled a role of duct tape from his pocket. I tried to break free but his grip was to tight. I screamed again. He duct taped my hands to the bed. I screamed even more. "It doesn't Matter if you scream, people will just think we're having sex." I stopped screaming. He duct taped my stomach. He took of my shorts, underwear with it. He duct taped my feet. He got off me and left the room. He left me there for days, Tired and hungry. After about a week without food or water, my vision went back to black and white. I died.