
Trisha Thomson, was listening to We All Want the Same Thing, by her all time favorite band, Rixton. "Rixton is so amazing." I said sitting down in front of my laptop. I got on my laptop and went onto twitter. "Big news in 5 minutes everyone have your cell phones ready." I read aloud from my screen, "I wonder why Jake tweeted that." I said grabbing my phone off the table beside me. As soon as I had my phone in my hand it started ringing. "Hello.." I said in a shaky voice ," Hello is this Trisha Thomson?" Man on the other end of the phone said in a British accent. "Yes, this is Trisha. Jake? OMG is that you?!" I said to the man, trying not to freak out. "Haha, yes, Trisha, it's me, Jake. I'm calling to congratulate you on being picked by me, Danny, Lewi, and Charley to go on tour with us for the whole year, our Let the Road tour." Jake said to Trisha, on the other end of the phone. I stood up and started jumping up and down. "Jake thank you so much, I am your biggest fan. this is my dream." I said to Jake falling onto my bed. "Well Trisha we'll be picking you up tomorrow at 9:00am so be ready, to have a fantastic year." Jake said into the phone to Trisha. I stood up and squealed, "Yes, Jake I'll be up, ready, and waiting at 9:00am. This is going to be the best year ever." I said to Jake on the phone. "Well, Trisha, I have to go, Josh, is being. Josh. Bye Trisha, love you." Jake said I Trisha. "Wait what?" I said into the phone to Jake. "Yeah, you're a really supportive fan. I love that you can be a supportive fan. Well Trisha, I really have to go now, bye." Jake said, in his British accent to Trisha, hanging up the phone. "Bye, Jake." I said putting my phone down. "I am going on the Let the Road tour with Rixton, for the whole year." I said jumping up and down and pulling my backpack, and suitcase out from my closet. "I have so pack things the boys will think I'm cute in." I said packing everything I think the boys will like. When I got done I put my suitcase and backpack down and climbing into bed. "This is going to be the best year ever. I said right before falling asleep