
Crawling inside I shut the door behind myself and place towels at the top and bottom of the door frame in hopes of stopping any more smoke from coming in. Taking a moment, I try and breathe while I gather my thoughts on what is happening. I soon begin to notice the burning in my hand. Quickly I rush to the sink and put my hand under some cool water. Letting out a scream of pain I retract my hand and hold it close to me as I sink all the way to the ground.
Hearing a loud crash come from inside my bedroom I muster up the rest of my energy and pull myself to my shower. Climbing inside I accept the fact that I probably won't survive and think back to old memories.
I think about the time when my whole family took a trip to a water park. I thought about how upset mom got when she got her bag soaked and how Max, Dad, and I all laughed until everyone was laughing. Then I began to think about my family. Are they asleep right now or have they gotten out? Either way I don't think I will ever see them again. I wish I had told them how much I loved them, but instead I was whining about not being able to hang out with my friends. Mom must think I hate her. With that thought I felt tears rolling down my face. The last thing I did before I felt a soft breeze and then peace...
---
Death wasn't as bad as everyone makes it seem. There is no rocket ride into the Heavens, no scary elevator down to the depths of Hell. There is only peace, quiet, and darkness. It is like being in a state of nothing-ness. You have no worries in the world, all you have is yourself. After a while of this calming darkness I begin to notice the space around me becoming lighter and lighter until it looks like I'm staring at the sun with closed eyes. The quietness has also been replaced with the sounds of sirens and running water.
Realizing I am not dead yet I become aware of my different body parts, and the walls around me. Slowly opening my eyes I realize I am still in my shower, and the events of the past night replay in my head. Remembering my family I quickly push the shower door open and crawl out. What I see makes reality hit..and hit hard.
———————————-
Hope you have enjoyed my first chapter of my book. Please leave a comment of what you think and don't be afraid to give some constructive criticism, but please no hateful words. Sorry if you notice any grammar mistakes, that has never been my strength. The same goes for my spelling but I did spell check everything soo... Thanks for reading and I hope you come back for the next chapter. It will most likely be uploaded next week and if not sorry. I will try to upload every week so just keep an eye out.
Warning: There may be times where I seem to disappear. That seems to always happen so I am sorry in advance!