
"But Mom, that's not fair!" I call as I follow her around the house
"Don't 'But Mom' me. You know we have family night every Friday, and this one is no different." she says as she wipes down the cabinets.
"I have always spent family night with you guys. Why can't I have one day off? Besides, Max has missed a family night before and you didn't say anything!" With that my mom stops wiping and looks up at me.
"Now, Erin I am done talking about this with you. I have a headache and you are not helping it any. I know we have let Max go out but this weekend is different, so you either be there or you are grounded for two weeks."
"Uhh! Why do you always treat me like a child?"
"Because you act like one!"
Trying to hold my temper I quickly run up to my room and slam the door for emphasis. I really don't get what the big deal is. So what if I miss a stupid family night, we are going to have many more...and besides it's not like I don't see these people every day.
Letting out a flustered breath, I walk over to my desk and begin working on my essay over the impact of the Qin and Han dynasty. Nothing like some nice, calming history to take your mind off things. Insert eye roll.
Before I know it my paper is halfway done and my stomach is rumbling. Deciding it's time for dinner I pack up my work and begin making my way down stairs.
"Well Holly, you need to let her have some time to be a teenager." I hear my dad's voice coming from the living room and I freeze mid step.
"I know that Jace, but that can't be this week. You know Friday is an important time for her."
"Yes honey, but you still need to show her that she can have some time of freedom."
"Well, I will give her that once she stops acting like a child."
With that, I make myself known and march into the kitchen. Deciding I no longer feel like making anything I grab a banana and walk back to the stairs.
"Do you think she heard me?" my mother whispers to my father.
"She heard you!" I somewhat yell back as I stomp up the stairs and into my room.
Once again in an angry mood I fling myself onto my bed. I let my brain relax and roam through thoughts and ideas, and I slowly begin to get angrier and angrier. How could she think I'm acting like a child? All I want is one stupid day to myself so I can hang out with my friends and relax. It feels like my whole life is just made up of family time, and yes that's nice, but I want to act like a normal teenager sometimes. I want to sneak out and go to parties, have my first kiss at some abandoned park in the middle of the night...you know things that happen in the movies.
After a while of these thoughts I notice my eyelids becoming heavier and heavier as more and more angry thoughts flow through my mind. Eventually I can feel myself drifting off until I finally let go...
---
What seems like two seconds later I awake to a smoke filled room and an orange blaze coming from behind my door. Quickly doing like they teach you throughout school, I get onto the floor and begin to crawl towards the door. All of my angry thoughts have left my brain and have been replaced with thoughts of worry for my family.
Reaching the door I quickly grab the handle and hiss when I am burned by it. I pull my hand off and look to see that my skin has bubbled and began to shrink together from the heat. Putting my pain aside I get back onto all fours and begin to crawl towards my bathroom.