
Alyssa's POV
I was running but to where?, I was in dark damp scary hallway I kept running but I don't know why, why was I running. I was tempted to turn around and see why I was running but something told me not to.Finally, I came to a stop but it wasn't a good one, to avoid hitting a wall from running so fast I skidded to a halt and landed
flat on my butt. "Nice going Alyssa" I muttered I got up and started to brush off my nightgown when I heard a sinister laugh behind
me. Turning around quickly I came face to face with freakish man his face was horrible it was twisted and mutated. I fell back on the ground screaming "Get away! GET AWAY LEAVE ME ALONE" I screamed kicking my feet at him and backing up against the wall "shhh shh it's all over now " he said in a slightly distorted voice walking towards me or should I say crawling. Like a spider, and I HATE spiders he raised his arm up in air I looked to see what he was doing and it was good thing I looked too cause a hook was about to come down on my head. I dodged and ran but was cornered "I'm not going to hurt you just stay still you little brat" he yelled at last part. And started to come towards me "HELP HELP SOMEONE PLEASE ANYONE HELP ME" I screamed "no one can help you just close your eyes and it will all be over-". The freakish man was interrupted mid sentence by ear piercing scream. Above us a window ceiling now gushed tons of ocean water a skinny armored figure jumped from the ceiling and started rushing towards the man " OH SH*T BIG SISTER" the man yelled. I ran since the man was distracted I heard what sounded like a scream then a gurgling sound. I turned around to see the man drop and the skinny armored figure walk towards me in a calm way, though it seemed confused as to why I was running away from it. "NO YOU STAY AWAY TOO" I screamed running away I ran so fast that I tripped over my feet and fell, after that everything went black
I awoked screaming sweat dotted my forehead it was just a nightmare just a nightmare, my door swung open my mom rushed in a expression of worry on her face. "Alyssa what's wrong what the heck happened are you hurt" she asked frantic "it was a nightmare mommy another one" I said. "Oh dear, maybe we shouldn't go to the family reunion I'll call your grandpa Jack and tell him we're not able-" "no mommy! I still want to go this was supposed to be my birthday gift remeber today my birthday". "Oh yes June 15th,  oh I'm so sorry mommy's just been under stress remeber your brother Carlos and his cousin Mikey are home if you need them and your aunt Eleanor is going to watch you and take you to the reunion" she said. "Yes mommy" the doorbell rang "oh that must be her" said mommy she said those words as if she just had a disgusting spoonful of cough Medicine. I didn't get why mommy didn't like auntie Eleanor I heard Eleanor was very nice. I got out of bed and grabbed a doll that mommy gave me when I was six years old she called it "Mr.bubbles" now I'm eight accept today's my birthday so I'll be nine! I tiptoed out into the hallway only to find mommy and Auntie Eleanor arguing. "This the only and the ONLY! time my daughter is going to that filthy reunion of yours with your filthy family" yelled mommy her dark brown hair and her gray ice eyes made her look scary. "Its your family too! and you can't hide away your daughter forever eventually she has to socialize and see the world and not listen to all the crazy things your probably putting in her head" yelled Auntie Eleanor back. "Screw you Eleanor, Eleanor Lamb" said my mom making her way towards the door. "Its not Lamb, Sophia Lamb is not my mother she caused father to die its Ryan, Eleanor Ryan". Eleanor looked up at me finally noticing I was there she had dark brown hair almost black with pretty blue eyes unlike my mommy's scary gray ice eyes but I loved my mommy. Even though she could be scary especially when she was mad. "Im sorry you had to see us arguing sometimes adults argue even "sisters" Auntie Eleanor said. I knew mommy and Auntie Eleanor weren't related I think Eleanor was adopted. "So your the birthday girl today what's your name" "my name, you don't know my name Auntie Eleanor". "Oh I'm afraid not my dear the last time I saw you or when any of your relative's saw you was when you were born and not everybody could attend that event" she said sadly. "Oh well I'm Alyssa and this is Mr.Bubbles" I said happily introducing myself and Mr.B I held up my doll for her to see. "What the...where in God's name did you get that from" gasped Eleanor "what you don't like it" I asked sadly thinking my doll disappointed Auntie Eleanor."Oh no no no it's not that it's just I recognized it" she said "oh ok" I said happy again "let me show you my room" I grabbed her and pulled her towards my room and started showing her all my stuff and we played dress up a little. Eleanor was putting my hair into pigtails "you look kinda like me accept your hair is not as dark but your eyes they are the same exact color" Eleanor said  "that's cool maybe I'll look like you when I grow up" I said. "Cause Auntie Eleanor is pretty and kind" "thank you and you are cute and sound funny when tickled" she said "huh what do you mean Auntie Ele-". Suddenly Auntie Eleanor started tickling me "ah stop that tickles!" I yelled while giggling "that's the point" she laughed. After a while we stopped tickling each other and sat on my bed, now starting to throw stuffed animals and plushies at each other. "You'll never take me alive!" Auntie Eleanor yelled hiding behind a pillow fort she built with my pillows. Eventually, Auntie Eleanor started to run out of ammo and started to go underneath my bed to find some of my lost stuff animals she found a few and threw them. But one time she just sat on the ground staring at one and holding it. I went over to her to see what was wrong. "No no no no I must be mistaken" she said holding her head "mommy calls that one daddy delta or subject delta" I said. "How I dropped this at the bottom of the Alantic Ocean when I reached the surface with father and the cured sisters and Sophia Lamb". "No there's no way she could've gotten this unless she oh no no no this can't be happening" "Auntie Eleanor "what's wrong why are you acting like this" I asked now worried. Eleanor then started digging through all my stuff in my closet "what the....what the hell how did she get this,this was ny dress when I was a little sister and the shoes are here how in the hell did she get this". After ten minutes of Eleanor's frantic searching in my closet she calmed down. "Auntie Eleanor wants wrong are you worried about something" I asked fearing the worst. The next thing I know is im already half way out the front door Eleanor basically dragging me she's pulling on my arm "come let's get you the hell out of here and to the family reunion where it's safe"."Why what's wrong" I asked but once again still getting no answer. "I need to talk to Jack Ryan and Brigid tenenbaum about this I need...I need to tell them once again a new cycle has been created and....Rapture is being revived".