
What if I broke it! I wouldn't be able to sit down for weeks, I'd haft to stand up! I felt panic slowly creeping up on me as more of these thoughts came to my mind.
Suddenly I heard a deep chuckle, snapping me out of my thoughts and not paying any attention, what so ever, to the sharp pain in my arse. Because what I saw in front of me was horrifying, I would without a doubt run away if it wasn't for my inability to move at the moment.Right there in front of me stood no one other then Hunter Mars himself, chuckling at me. He was standing next to a big metal pole, which probably was what I had run into, again. They really hated me, didn't they? I thought while letting out a small in hearable sigh of sadness.
And if you were wondering, yes Hunter is the guy I had been admiring from afar just about an hour ago.
Oh crap, what if I had accidentally said all of that out loud! I suddenly realized. It was fully possible if you think about it. I mean how many times have you read a book were one of the main characters said something out loud that was absolutely supposed to stay inside their head?! And with my bad luck and clumsiness it was a 95% chance that I had managed to do just that.
Horrified I looked up at him only to see him still standing there looking dow at me wit an amused expression.
"Fuck" I muttered under my breathe.
I watched as he raised one of his eyebrows and a amused smirk starting to form on his lips. I gulped. As he reached out a hand towards me, at first I didn't quite understand what he wanted me to do but then, after a few minutes of him holding it out to me, now shifting a little awkwardly eating for me to take it. I understood.
Why do I always do this? I thought, frustrated.
I quickly grabbed his hand and he pulled me up from the ground.when I touched him it felt like I was being eletrucated , but in a good way, if that makes any sense.
"Thanks" I said slowly, shifting uncomfortably. He just stared at me, still smirking amused."I agree, these poles seems to have a small hatred for you" he said while slowly clapping the pole next to him "And your arse seems to be fine, I mean if you had broken anything you would probably be in a lot more pain" he added and while his smirk grew even wider so did my eyes and I felt like I was going to vomit. He had confirmed it, I had once again managed to humiliate myself in front of another human being.
Damnit
><><><
AN: Okay so that was the first chapter of this story, obviously. I'm so happy that you gave this story a change and I hope you will continue reading it. There's a hell of a lot more to come and I think you'll like it. I hope at least *laughs nervously* Anyways, I shall now head over to the land of dreams and sleep so goodnight or good day or morning... I'm not quite sure, it depends on were you're from. Okay I'm just rambling right now sorry. Anyways... Feel free too comment your thoughts an maybe even vote? It's optional, you do not haft to do anything you don't want to oh and also I am truly sorry for the grammatical mistakes I will make, please understand that English is not my first language. I'm honestly quite amazed if you read all of this.Much love Julia