
Haven's POV:I watched him from behind the corner near the school entrance. I know what you're thinking, and no I'm not a stalker, I'm just... Admiring from afar...
He leaned back on the school's stone wall with his back pressed against it, his eyes were closed and his hands were in his pockets. It kind of looked like he was tanning. I couldn't help but let out a small laugh.
He must of heard me cause the next thing I knew he was staring right at me, his chocolate brown eyes piercing right into me. My eyes widened and I quickly turned around feeling my cheeks heating up.
I probably looked like a tomato.
You can't exactly blame me for being embarrassed, it was probably the 10th time he had caught me staring at him since he moved here, which, may I add, was only a month ago.
He most likely thought I was a creep, although I wouldn't blame him if he did.
I had tried to stop staring at him but I couldn't, I simply couldn't. There was just something about him that drew me to him. I still haven't figured out what, yet.
A loud ring from the bell made me jump a little, pulling me out of my thoughts. Quickly I grabbed my things from the ground and stood up. With determination I started walking back into the building towards my next class, History. But right before I walked in I just couldn't help turning my head a bit just to get a small glance at him before he would be out of sight. Unfortunately he was already gone.
I mentally groaned and turned my head back around and started walking towards history again.><><><
I barley paid any attention to Mrs. Nelson who was standing in front of the whiteboard talking about the world war two, I think at least. I glanced at the clock, it was 20 whole Minutes left of class and I was dying to get my ass out of here.
Maybe the clock had stopped? I tried but then noticed the second hand was moving as usual. I let out a groan of frustration, maybe a bit to loud...
"Is there something wrong? Miss Saturday" I heard Mrs. Nelson say with a quite obvious annoyance in her tone.
"I... Erm.... I, I w-was only, erm" I stuttered out while trying to come up with a reasonable explanation. And of course, as always with my luck, noting came to my mind. So I simply sat there in the middle of the classroom, stuttering out random words, such as banana or learning everyone how to say cheese in different languages, everyone's eyes were at me, including Mrs. Nelson who now looked at me like I was going nuts and belonged in an asylum. And I can only tell you this, it was fucking horrifying and I felt like I was burning up from embarrassment, I actually kind of wished is could burn up right here and now.
That would at least keep me from embarrassing myself further.
Thankfully I was saved by the bell as it rang, once again. I had somehow managed to take up all the 15 minutes that had been left of the lesson with my rambling.
In my head I was on my knees with my hands up in the air screaming thank you to the clock while tears of joy were running down my cheeks.
Before anyone could stop me, I, humiliated, gathered all of my things and sprinted out of the classroom with full speed, not daring to look back, causing me to run right into another hard cold metal object, just like before.
In just a few seconds, I was sitting on the floor groaning in pain, from the fall that was caused by the hard metal object that I still hadn't identified, even thought it was pretty obvious to what it was I still couldn't know cd or sure. And now I was sitting here, complaining, about how much my arse was hurting.