
Trey POV
It's been 3 years since my wife died. I can honestly say that I miss her a lot. I know our daughter does too. It hurts me to see my Babygirl grow up without her mother. But she is looking down on us. My daughter is 8 years old now and she is starting 3rd grade tomorrow. She is growing up so fast. We just moved into our house, last week. To me Los Angeles is beautiful. Janelle was a little sad that we had to move because she had a lot of friends back in New York. Bad ones too. I'm talking about since we lived in Harlem, there was little kids that cussed, sag there pants and disrespect there mothers. A lot of those kids fathers were in jail. No wonder they act bad. I didn't really allow Janelle to hang out with them often. I didn't really let her go outside barely since my wife died. She got hit by a stray bullet to the head. I remember hearing the gun shots while I was sleep. My wife Janine got home from work around 10 that night. And she died. Smh.
I was finishing unpacking our stuff as Janelle went to her new room. Since it was just 2 of us, we got a 2 bedroom apartment in the suburbs. I unpacked Janine's favorite vase that I kept. I placed it on the top shelf I had on top of the tv. So it can be in a safe place. I looked at it and smiled. She loved that vace, especially since it had her favorite colors on it, blue and yellow. My thoughts were interrupted by Janelle coming into the living room calling my name.
Janelle: "Daddy?"
Trey: "Yes doll?"
Janelle: "I can't find Sasha and Leah"
Trey: "Look in one of those boxes Janelle" I told her
Sasha and Leah was her favorite Barbie dolls. It was a black one and a white one. She named the black doll, Sasha and the white doll Leah
Janelle: "Found it" she said as she took them out the box
I walked over and say on the couch
Trey: "Come here Janelle"
She walked over to me while rubbing her doll's hair. I picked her up and say her on my lap
Trey: "You excited to start school tomorrow?"
Janelle: "A little bit daddy, I just miss my friends" she said while looking down at her lap
Trey: "I know princess, but now you get to meet new friends"
Janelle: "Can we go back and visit? I miss Dayquan, Malaysia, Arianna and Jaquees" she said naming a few of her friends back in New York
You can tell by the names they ghetto. Smh
Trey: "We'll probably visit one day okay?"
Janelle: "Ok daddy" she smiled
Trey: "Now go play" I smiled at her as she ran off
I looked over at one of the boxes and noticed a picture inside a picture frame. I took it out and it was a picture of me and Janine's wedding. I smiled as I looked at it. A year left my eye as I quickly wiped it away. God I miss her. I decided to go place it on the nightstand beside my bed so I can look at her, knowing she still by my side.
Morgan POV
Me and Keith was cuddled up on the couch watching Love & Basketball. Me and Keith were high school sweethearts. We dated in the 11th grade all the way to senior year in college. That's how much we love eachother if we stayed in a relationship that long. Yeah we have had some arguments here and there but what couple doesn't? The day we graduated from College, he asked me to marry him. Infront of all our college graduates! I was so excited! We've been engaged for 2 years, married for 3. Life is perfect for me. Tomorrow I start my teaching job at Kimball Elementary. I love kids. I'm teaching 3rd grade by the way. My thoughts were interrupted by Keith sucking on my neck
Morgan: "W-what are you doing? I'm trying to watch the movie" I said trying not to moan
Keith: "That can wait" he said as he paused the movie
He picked me up bridal style toward our bedroom. And we made love. Lol. He's a freak!
*****************
Tell me what you think??? Keep it Delete? Trey POV?? Morgan POV??? Keep in your library of you love it already!! Share with others Please Please PLEASE!!!!!!!! Comment and Vote!! I might change the cover pic tho.
Characters in mm