
What inspired you to write your fantasy novel, The Girl Who Wished To Be Skinny?
As somebody who suffers from depression and frequent suicidal thoughts, I naturally gravitate towards those who also suffer from depression or who are also suicidal. I read an article about this 15-year-old girl Irish girl from England named Helena Farrell, who killed herself because kids often bullied her about her red hair. Her story compelled me to give my main character red hair and to write about a girl who is bullied because of her red hair. Soon after, I read another article about another girl who had killed herself because of bullying. She was bullied because of her weight.So I decided to write about a girl who was ridiculed because she was fat. Having been bullied all throughout my entire school life, I have deep empathy for those who are bullied, especially girls. Compassion drives me to write the stories I write and that's what drove me to write this fantasy novel.
Is there a message in your novel that you want readers to grasp?
Being beautiful is more important than looking beautiful. A beautiful mind is a terrible thing to waste and so is a beautiful heart. Strive to be a beautiful person, and if you want to strive to look beautiful then feel free to do that, too. However, a healthy girl IS a beautiful girl so always strive to be healthy.
Are the situations in your novel based on the experiences of someone you know, or events in your own life?
Articles about bullied girls helped inspire certain scenes. For example, when Megan gets punched in the eye by Cody I got the idea for that from reading an article about a 12-year-old girl who was punched by one of her peers. Most of the situations Megan goes through I drew up through my own imagination, but some experiences, such as when Veronica places a KICK ME sign on her back, I have personally experienced for myself.
What was the hardest part of writing your book?
Bringing my vision of Megan's thoughts, feelings, and the terrible ordeals she must suffer through to life on the page. Some chapters were difficult to write for the sheer emotional investment required of me to accurately bring to the page the thoughts and emotions that I wanted readers to experience through Megan. One of those difficult scenes was the "Mirror Scene" when Megan looks at her reflection in the bathroom mirror to find herself magically transformed.
Do you have any advice for other writers?
Write the story you want to read! Don't write what's popular for the sake of gaining popularity. You can, but if you write the story of your heart you'll find that it is much easier to write such a novel because you'll never be able to stop thinking of your characters and what will/should happen next in their story. By writing the story of your heart, the passion you pour into your novel will shine through to readers. No passion in the writer, no passion in the reader. You can't expect a reader to be truly passionate about your story if you're not truly passionate about it yourself. So write what you're passionate about!
If you had to do it all over again, would you change anything in your latest book?
Honestly? A part of me is kicking myself because certain middle schools here in California are home to 6th, 7th, and 8th graders who attend the same school. I have no regrets on setting the story in an elementary school, but as a big basketball fanatic, I might have placed Megan in a MIDDLE SCHOOL instead and start a trilogy. I'd have Megan make the middle school basketball team and from the 6th grade to the 8th grade, she'd win each All-City championship for the 3-peat! So she'd be sort of a middle school legend from a sports perspective, a champion. She'd also be a champion in real life because throughout each novel, she would have never given up even when things got rough for her.
Do you have anything specific that you want to say to your readers?
Just keep swimming! Just keep swimming! Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming!
That is all.

Check out DenmarkHarris's 2015 Watty's entry, THE GIRL WHO WISHED TO BE SKINNY, by clicking on the external link! If you enjoy reading The Girl Who Wished To Be Skinny, don't forget to offer his novel your support by clicking on the little orange star button labeled "vote."


