
Emma's POV:
"Emma come down stairs!" My 'moms' voice echoed through the house to my room. I flipped my laptop screen down and trudged downstairs. My stepmother Bronte, dad, my twin brother Luke and older sister Courtney were sitting down in our lounge room.
"We've got some big news kids" Dad started. I squirmed in my spot as they talked. Luke nudged my side so I did back. Dad flicked our arms. We focused back onto him and Bronte.
"So next week... we'll be moving!" Bronte threw her hands in the air. Courtney, Luke and I looked at each other in shock. Courtney's mouth was in an oval shape when I decided to speak up.
"And where exactly will we be going?" I probably sounded really annoyed. Courtney's mouth was still in the same shape while Luke was pacing the room. Him and dad were talking.
"To Chino Hills LA!" She replied excitedly again. I couldn't believe it! We're here in Oregon then all of a sudden we're going to California! I looked at Courtney who had got up from her seat. She grabbed my hand and Luke's arm. We found ourselves outside in the treehouse.
"Look Court, if you want to play dollies again, I'm going." Luke joked. Courtney slapped the back of his head. I giggled but snapped out of it. Courtney got up and shut the entrance then the window.
"Luke shut up. Look guys I'm just as angry, nervous and sad as you are but we have to compromise with them. Luke you can't be a pain through this, Emma stay calm because we can get through this. We've moved before throughout that time. This isn't new to us so we can get through with it. I'm going to Dylan's to tell him. Just pack your stuff and text me anything." Courtney exited the treehouse and we heard her the front door slam shut.
Courtney was 21, I was 18 along with Luke. We all got on well and stuff. I sat in silence with Luke. He then decided to be a smart ass.
"Maybe you should go tell your boyfriend about moving... oh wait, I forgot. YOU. DONT. HAVE. ONE!" He shouted and jumped up. Quickly, I punched Luke's stomach and went to the door.
"Wait, Luke. Truce." I held my hand out. He hesitated then shook it. I smiled but had a plan to make his days in LA miserable. We walked back inside and Bronte was folding cardboard boxes. I sighed when I got into my room.
"To be honest, I'll miss my room the most." I admitted, stroking my hand along the wall. Tears welled up in my eyes as I stopped at a Polaroid of me and my best friend, Sarah. We're inseparable and I can't bear the thought of telling her.
I grabbed my phone and sent a text to her:
E: come over?S: yes!E: good. See u soon x
My phone landed on my bed as I tossed it. Normally it would bounce off the walls three times and hit me. Sarah thinks it's a joke but trust me, things go ballistic between me and my phone, even though it give me a reason to live.
"Emma, Sarah's here!" Luke yelled from downstairs. Halfway down Sarah came up. We hugged and went into my room. Sarah looked at me worriedly. She sat next to me.
"Em, what's on your mind?" Sarah asked.
"Nothing. Well something. Actually it's complicated." I started. "Next Saturday we'll be moving to... California." I breathed. Sarah looked shell shocked. She silently laid down on my lap. I stroked her hair and gave her a hug.
"I can't believe my best friend will be leaving." she whispered. I let a tear fall and Sarah stood up. We hugged for a few minutes. Then we sat down.
"Do you know exactly where in Cali?" Sarah smiled, wiping small tears away. I could tell where this was going. The first person to know about any celebrity would be Sarah.