
"Um, we'll be living in a penthouse somewhere in Chino Hills LA. Do you want to know where Kimye are at?" I grinned. A smile crept up onto the blondes face.
"No it's just that many YouTubers, viners, famous dancers and rising stars live near and around Chino Hills. Even Cam-" I stopped Sarah there.
"Don't speak of him ever Sarah! You know what happened and I believe I will never want to see him in Chino Hills!!" I shouted as Sarah was trying to hold in the laughs.
"Yeah but he's there first." Sarah smirked. She was being her usual smart ass self. I playfully pushed her onto her side. She pushed me back.
Sarah then got up and picked a photo from my memory wall that was of Cam and me. She shoved it in my face as I tried to grab it from her hands.
"Aw, Emma I know you want to kiss him. Cemma, Cemma!" She teased while doing kissing noises. Finally I got the picture and grabbed it from her.
"Alright let's get a snack. Pretty girls need their food." I joked as we went downstairs. Luke was in the lounge room watching How I Met Your Mother. We grabbed Cheetos and soft drink then went outside on the balcony.
"You know Em. You're gonna get it lucky. Like meeting celebs on the streets and stuff." She sighed. I nodded my head. Sarah was right and that seemed exciting but I didn't want to leave her behind.
"I'll visit as much as I can Sar." I replied. "Maybe even get a signature for you." I added. Sarah squealed with excitement then frowned.
"Got to go Em. I'll come around Friday to help pack. See you." She walked to the front and I waved. I went on my phone and checked Cameron Dallas's Instagram.
He's still living in Chino Hills. Damn it! There were some posts of him, Nash and the Jacks. I sighed then went inside. I didn't want to go to stupid California and leave everyone behind. After all this place is my home and I would like to keep it that way.
But then again, the sun, beaches, tans and hot guys would be quite nice. Who even knows what celeb I may run into on the streets. Even though life would be tough without my best friends, I'll be living a pretty good life.
"Emma!" Bronte called out. I rushed inside and saw her with packs of packing peanuts. She was ripping open the boxes of them and taking them to her office.
"Come help love. Just place these boxes in my office." She huffed while ripping another box. I don't know why but it really annoyed me. She's only been here for 2 years but that still doesn't sell her 'love' to me.
"I don't want to move Bronte! Life will be way too difficult and I'm perfectly fine here!! Also would you stop acting like my mom! You're not her so quit it!" I yelled and sprinted up to my room. She ran after me but I locked the door.
I grabbed my Mac book air and watched Pretty Little Liars on Netflix. In between the 15 seconds of each Ep I thought about what I had said. Maybe it was really harsh on Bronte but who did I care.
_______
Yes. This is the day I'll be leaving everything behind. I don't even get why we're moving. Oh wait, it's because of dad's work and Bronte's work. And as usual Courtney, Luke and I get no say in this.
I checked my room for anything left behind. Nothing. Actually, I spotted something on my window sill. It was a picture of Cam and me when we were young. I smiled.
"Emma. We're going now." Courtney showed up in my doorway. I stuffed the picture in the pocket of my ripped jeans. I nodded and grabbed the last box along with my bag.