
"Lizzie!" I hear my sister, Georgia, call from downstairs. "You got visitors!" I hear as my door flies open and Finnley struts in and flops herself onto the other side of my queen bed. I laugh and put my phone down on the bedside table. "Making yourself at home?" I ask, laughing.
"Yup! Oh, and Maisie will be over in about half an hour... I'm bored, let's play Black Ops!"
She manages to say that all in about two seconds, then rushes over to my Xbox and turns it on. I climb over the bed and go to grab my rainbow controller but she reaches for it first. "Hey! Unfair!" I laugh, but settle for the green one anyway.
We play online until we hear the door closing. "Hey guys!" Maisie says, holding a cardboard tray with three Starbucks coffees in it. "COFFEE!!!" Finnley screams and scrambles to stand up and yank her soy latte out of the tray. She runs over and cowers in the corner, clutching the cup to her chest and muttering "My precious" over and over.
I collapse on the floor laughing, gasping for air, and Maisie looks at her like she's insane. When I've finally calmed down, I sit against the foot of my bed, drinking my vanilla iced mocha. Maisie slides down next to me and Finn's just in the corner drinking and going through her Twitter.
After we've all finished we play Black Ops 2 again. And only because it terrifies Finnley, we (Maisie and I) decide to play zombies.
"Uugghh, why do we have to play this?" Finnley groans, flopping down onto the bed, the controller rolling out of her hand and onto the carpeted floor.
"Finn! It's gonna be fun, okay?" I say, half joking and half annoyed.
"I. Hate. Zombies." she spits out, rolling off the bed and onto the floor, curling up in a ball. Maisie stands up quietly and kneels behind Finnley, tickling her ribs. She screams, limbs flying everywhere, until the back of her hand meets Maisie's cheeks.
"Bitch!" she yells, bringing her hand up to cradle her redening face. "I'm sorry!" Finnley says, resting her hand on Maisie's other cheek and making an exaggerated frown.
"It's okay, I might go though," she assures, moving Finnley's hand off her face and smiling weakly. Grabbing her canvas tote bag,  she heads out the door. "See ya, assholes!" I hear from down the hall and laugh, before the sound of a door slamming.
**********
"It's my party and I'll cry if I want to! Cry if I want to, cry, cry, cry!" we sing in unison, jumping up and down on the bed. "I'll cry until the candles burn down this place! I'll cry until my pity party's in flames!" We collapse on the bed, laughing, and stay there until my sister shows up in the doorway.
"Sorry to ruin your 'pity party', but Finnley, your mom is summoning you," Georgia says, and Finn gets up and walks out the door. I hear her running down the stairs and yelling, "Bye Lizzie! Bye Georgie!"
"See ya Fi!" I yell back, watching my sister retreat down the hallway and into the living room. Rolling off my bed and onto the floor I grab my phone and check the notifications. I have a text from Marcus, my long-time boyfriend.
Marcus: hey babe
Hey hun. What's up?
Marcus: not much. i just wanted to talk to you ;)
Aww, you're cute.
Marcus: your cuter
I cring at his spelling mistake, yawning as well. I glance at the red circular clock that hangs in my wall above the desk. 6:27. But I'm so tired...
Hey, sorry, I'm really tired. I might go.
Marcus: k babe. see you tomorrow.
I love you.
Marcus: you too baby
I put my headphones in, putting the music on shuffle, then click my phone off, snuggling into my pillow. I fall asleep almost instantly.