
Enrique Santos has been a member of El Cartel de Los Ochoa. His family has been in working at small farm in Tamaulipas, Mexico since he was born. His family has been living in poverty but one day when Enrique was 16 years old, he was given 10 pesos to buy medicine for his mother. His father died after a few men in black trucks arrived and asked for rent. He was shot to death. Enrique was 5 years old when this happened, Enrique had to take care of the animals that they had. His family didn't grow crops since the owner of the land only cared about horses.
Enrique's dad would breed "Mustangs" a horse that only brave men with money could afford, the owner would arrive to look at the horses and would sell them and give my dad 50 pesos for every horse the man sold. Enrique has been breeding horses all of his childhood but when he arrived at the town his life would change forever.
The town was 4 miles from the farm so he had to walk and hitchhike. When he arrived at the town, the man that he rode with started to rub Enrique's thigh. He quickly got off of the truck and ran to the Pharmacy. Inside, a lady was counting the money as a man stood behind her.
"Excuse me, where is the Tylenol?" He asked the clerk.
"It's on aisle 2" replied the clerk.
He walked down the aisle and saw a man wearing a black suit with a cowboy hat. His boots matched his outfit and he looked like one of those people that can attract any women he wanted. His shades looked very expensive too. Enrique stood next to him and glanced at the medicine. The medicine he wanted was more expensive that he thought, 15 pesos.
Without thinking he took the Tylenol bottle and stuffed it in his pocket. The man walked out of the store as Enrique walked to the door. Before he could close the door the man grabbed his arm and took him to he ally.
"Take it out of your pocket. I saw you and no one steals from MY establishment. Now..." He snarled at him.
Enrique stared at him in fear. He was to scared to do anything. The man lost his patience and forced his hand into Enrique's pocket and pulled out the Tylenol and the 10 pesos. The man counted the money and laughed.
"10 pesos really? If you asked me I could have loaned you the rest. What's your name boy?" Asked the man.
"Enrique Santos and I couldn't" he answered.
"Enrique listen here, anything is better than stealing. My name is Fausto Ochoa and I run a ranch nearby. You could easily pay back the money" said the man.
Enrique thought about it for a second and agreed. The man walked back to the store. Enrique prayed as the man came out with a bag. He handed it to him and took him to a Hummer that was parked not far. The Hummer was good looking. White paint job with chrome around the rims and gold in the middle of the rims, darked tinted windows. They both got in and Enrique was impressed about it's interior. White leather seats, chrome dashboard and a big touchscreen in the middle to listen to music, watch movies and TV.
"Can I take the medicine to my mom? She is very sick and needs it badly" said Enrique shyly.
"Where do you live?" Asked Fausto.
"At a small farm not far from here. It's the first farm on the road" he answered.
Fausto nodded and started the Hummer. The truck roared as it drove away. Enrique looked out the window and started to day dream. He was awaken by Fausto's phone.
"Bueno? Estoy busy..." He answered.
Enrique didn't listen to the rest. Fausto took a left turn and stopped in front of a small house. It was Enrique's house, the house was two stories and barely stood up. Fausto turned off the truck. Enrique got off and closed the door behind him. He headed inside the house and took the bottle out of the bag.