
*BOOM* I woke up, and looked at my clock. 9:42 AM. Why am I awake? Idk. Madison was asleep, so I crept to put on my cheetah house shoes I got from Becky at Secret Santa, and went down stairs to find her picking up pots. I  giggled and started to help her. "Hmmm" she dramatically breathed.
"Good morning Becky" "Good morning Gabi!""What were you doing?" "Trying to make breakfast...""Oh thanks, I'm gonna go get ready, Cathy told you I'm going to the mall today, right?" "With what money?" "This!" I showed her 6 stacks of 10. "Wow, you been selling drugs?" "No my mom left her China plate in her will, and I sold it." " Oh ok bye" Rude I thought. I went upstairs and got into Madison, Emily,Riley and Maria's bathroom that we shared which we had in the middle of our rooms. It had 3 showers and the last one on the right worked better, so I stripped down and let the hot water hit my back, as steam rose.I washed my hair and got out.I lotioned, and styled my hair into a braided up bun, and applied concealer. I put on blush, foundation and brown eye shadow.I winged my eyeliner, and thickened my lashes with mascara.I shaped my brows, and put on a nude baby lips. All this was given to me for Christmas to make me feel prettier, since sometimes I'm either coincided or insecure.I decided to actually put on clothes, when it was Maria's turn to shower. Maddie left our room, so I went in my closet. Here's my closet tour: A moxi floral dress with pikatchu on it, I got for 19$ on etsy. A infinity sweat shirt I got for 4$ on sale at JCPennys. A white crop top  with a llama on it, I got from Twaimz.com for 13$. 3 more crop tops that were totaled to 30$, and 3 flannels that were 12$ all together.3 pairs of black, galxy, and Greg Capri leggings for 2$ a piece.3 pairs of shorts that were 15$ total, and 4 pairs of shoes, combat boots, boots , converse, and sandals which are 55$ total. 4 pairs of jeans, 30$ total.Oh and my most important of them all MY NEON LIGHTS TOUR SHIRT!!It was 12$. I got it for my early birthday present from Kathy which is on July 28th.My whole closet totals too: 196$ worth of stuff. Not to brag but I'm doing good for a orphanage kid. I put on my Demi shirt because at the mall IM GONNA MEET DEMI LOVATO!!! I also put on high waisted washed jeans, and combat boots.I went down stairs, talked to the girls and ate my waffles. I brushed my teeth, and checked the time 11:00. Oh crap! I need to go! I grabbed a spare key, my Penny board my dad gave me before he killed my mom, and said bye to Becky. I made sure my IPhone 5 was in my pocket, and grabbed Staying Strong by Demi Lovato book. I rode my penny board to the mall, and I waited in line until 2:00 I was the 20th person in line. I looked through my book, and saw a note. Aww this is my old adoption papers for when I used this as a bookmark to believe in myself. I was looking over it and then I was at the front of the line. Finally!