
Hi. I'm Tumee. I go to Flowers High School. In this school, everyone has a status quo and everyone stuck with it. I went into the Nerd, Artist, Musician, and Rebel categories. I'm also in the 10th grade. Oh yea, I'm in this group called the Brotherhood. It's led by my best friend/little brother; Jaedan. Who everyone calls Syracuse because that's his hometown in New York. He's a Jock, Nerd, Prep, Artist, Slacker, and Rebel. 9th grader. (He stayed back)
*bell rings*
"Welcome class. Hope you all had a wonderful winter break." Mr. Bacon said as everyone rolled into class.
I took my seat next to the back corner. Everyone in the Brotherhood sat in the back corner in every class so I was kind of used to it. My friend Amelia sat next to me. As soon as she sat down, I shot her a look.
"What in the hell are you doing here?" I asked throwing my hands up.
"What? I can't sit here?" Amelia asked laughing.
"NO!!! Listen, you're my friend and all but if Jaedan catches you here, he'll rip your head off."
Amelia's smile came straight off and she dashed to the seat farthest from me. Jaedan hated Amelia and Angel knew it. She knew he was also dangerous and didn't care about consequences. Everyone knew that. But he didn't have beef with nobody so he was chill.
I took out my phone and start checking my kik. I look back up and see Nate sitting next to me. He looked at me, smiled, then looked back at his phone. Nate is chill like 99.9% of the time. He goes into the Slacker and Rebel categories. And he's in the 10th grade.
"Sup Nate." I say to him.
"What's good Tumee." He said not even looking up from his phone.
"Have you seen Jaedan? I need to talk to him."
"Nah. Haven't heard from him since the arrest" he responded.
Nate, Jaedan, and like 4 other people got arrested for jumping 2 police officers about 2 weeks ago. As the rest of the class starts to fill up, I see the rest of the brotherhood start showing up. Of course, they were the last ones in the classroom.
Ashley was the first one to show up. She goes into the Jock, Slacker, and Rebel categories. She's also Jaedan's girlfriend. She's in the 10th grade. Shortly after her, in came Maurice. He goes into the Jock and Rebel categories. He's also in the 10th grade. He's then follow by Javon. 10th grade Rebel. Lastly, Faith comes in. The 9th grade Rebel. As everyone walks in the classroom, I start thinking to myself, where is Jaedan?. 15 minutes later, I get my answer. Jaedan walks in the room with his phone in his hand. Mr. Bacon looks up, stops what he's doing, and sits at his desk.
"And why are we late?" Mr. Bacon asked.
"Aunt Bay came around" Jaedan responded.
Mr. Bacon gave him a look of concern and tells him to take out his book without even raising his voice. Jaedan sits next to me in his favorite spot, the very back corner of the classroom.
"Of all the excuses you've used, this is the one that passes?" I lean over and say to him.
"You remember Aunt Bay. You know how she is. Mr. Bacon found out the hard way" He responded.
"Anyways, I need to talk to you"
"About?"
"We're going to see a movie"
He looked at me with shock. I don't initiate my invitations like that. She shook it off and nodded. Now I'm shocked. He would've been screaming and laughing about this but all i get is a nod? Somethings up.