
Tony Stark:
It was bound to happen at some point, being the playboy that he is... Tony Stark becoming a father. It was pouring rain one night that a woman left a small pink bundle on the doorstep of Stark Tower. Pinned on the small bundle was a note that reads:
Dear Mr. Tony Stark,
You might not remember me... but nine months ago we met while very drunk... This is your daughter. I can not care for a child so I entrust her to you, her biological father.
The note was left unsigned, and if it wasn't for Steve coming back from a mission late at night and finding the small bundle on the doorstep, (Name) Stark would've died from a common cold.

Bucky Barnes:
After getting all of his memories back, Bucky moved into Stark Tower upon Steve's request. One evening Bucky was taking a walk to get used to the modern New York City, when he saw two men chasing after a woman in her late thirties holding a child close to her chest down an alleyway.
"Hey, what's going on here?" Bucky asks. The two men turn and sneer at him.
"None of your business bub." One of the men reply. Bucky sighs and punches the guy close to him with his metal arm... sadly he wasn't quick enough to save the woman.
"Please... take... care... of... (Name)..." The woman says with her last few breaths, she then points to where she had hidden the infant the woman then dies. Shell shocked Bucky walks over to the two dumpsters that the woman pointed too and with his good arm he carefully picks up the small infant.
"I guess that I'm your new Daddy." Bucky says. "I'll take care of you... (Name) I won't let anything bad happen to you, that's a promise." After saying that he heads back to Stark Tower. The rest of the Avengers were surprised that Bucky had brought back an infant... but after he explains what happened the others gladly welcome the child to the Avengers family.

Loki:
It was the middle of winter and Loki was taking a walk around a park in New York, Thor had convinced him to become an Avenger... he stops in his tracks when he hears a whine of a child, no one else was around. Curiously and carefully Loki walks over to where he heard the noise come from... he notices a rather large snow bank, getting on his hands and knees, he starts to dig. Eventually Loki finds the child... the blanket that she was wrapped in were soaking wet and her lips had a blue hue to them.
"Who would do such a thing to such a such a small child like you... besides my real father?" He mutters to himself. Loki then scoops up the child who snuggles into his chest for warmth. Once Loki gets back to the Avengers tower he gets a nice warm bath going and he puts the small infant in the bath.
"I'm gonna keep you, you're too cute to abandon... I need to give you a name... how about (Name) Laufeyson." Loki smiles.

PETER QUILL/ STAR-LORD:
Rocket found you in a pile of rubble, the Guardians were trying to find any survivors on a planet that Rohnan and his men destroyed.
"Hey Quill, I found one!" Rocket shouts. Peter and Gamora run over to Rocket.
"That's just an infant!" Gamora says clearly surprised.
"Rocket you're holding her wrong." Peter says. He then takes you away from Rocket (who happened to be holding you upside down).
"Since when have you known how to hold a baby?" Gamora asks.