
"Jumper" is a story that not only is for enjoyment, but to send a message to people. My message is that everyone belongs, nobody is a waste of space, and that everyone will someday have some sort of happy ending, no matter how small it is. You just have to look up at the sky and smile, thinking of the good things. Life is just a challenge, and you have to pass it to be happy. If you or anyone you know is suffering from depression, bullying, self harm, or anything like that, you can contact me and talk to me. You will always have a friend here for you, even if you never see my face.
This book uses the song Jumper by Third Eye Blind to help tell the story. This song does not belong to me in any way.
The characters and plot belong to me. With the exception of the gods and goddesses, minus their behavior and some of their appearances.
Summary: All flowers wilt eventually. We once thought that we couldn't die. That we were immortal. That nothing could stop us. But we were wrong. That's when the demons came, mixes of human and monsters. Straight from the depths of Tartarus. We were no longer invincible, we were scared. Scared of what might happen if we loose. The world would become chaos. Men and Gods alike would be wiped out. At first, we were taken off guard and our numbers dropped like flies. But then we were given a powerful weapon, and that became the catalyst of our counter attack. We fought back. Because loosing was not an option. Because wilting was not our choice.
~~~~
When Ludwik finds Lethe covered in her own blood, barely breathing, he thinks she's a demon like him. But boy, was he wrong. Lethe is a goddess, a supposed enemy to demons. And demons are enemies to gods and goddesses. But what if two people can change that? What if two people can stop a war and prove that not all demons are bad?
~~~~
LETHE is a goddess who really, really, hates her life. Between being weak, and her strange ability to transform into a demon, she's outcasted and laughed at. So when she goes on a mission and almost dies in the process, will she fall for a demon and become even more outcasted? Or will she ignore these feelings and go home?
LUDWIK is tired of all this fighting. Sure, he's a demon, but he's not bloodthirsty and always looking for a fight. But when he finds a nearly dead girl on the street, thinking she's a demon too, will he fall for the goddess of oblivion? Or will he also ignore these feelings?
~~~~
"I wish you would step back from that ledge, my friend. You could cut ties, with all the lies that you're living in. And if you do not want to see me again, I would understand."