
"I will not let you go alone!" My mother shouts.
"Why? Aubrey and Charlotte are coming with me!" I reply angry.
"Grace Ramona James! That's not enough!" She persists
"I am 17!" I roll my eyes.
"I don't care! Your brother and sister is coming with you, and one adult." My mom says. My older brother is 21. Gosh! He, Dylan, is very annoying. And my 20 year old sister, Maddison is just very pushy.
"What adult?" I ask.
She bites her lip. "I have the election soon, so your dad."
"Okay, at least let me drive my friends." I beg. She nods. My mom goes to tell dad the change of the plan.
Ugh! Sorry girls! Dylan, Maddie and my dad is coming! At least we can drive there by ourselves. I text my friends.
They reply with, Its okay. At least now i can go with my parents not worrying.
I can't wait to go to Myrtle Beach. We live in North Carolina so it shouldn't take a long time. We are leaving tomorrow and spending 2 months there, June and July. We will be back by August.
My mom bought me new clothes and a new bathing suit.
What am I bringing? I ask myself. I walk to my room to check. Clothes, check. Cute polka dot bikini and goggles, check. 400 dollars, check. Tons of paper, pencils, and drawing equipment, check. A few books and magazines, check. And then all of the other things you need, like a first aid kit, sunscreen, toiletries, etc.
My dad is bringing food to last us a while.
My mom is a governor and my dad is a teacher.••••••••••••••••••••••It's 8:00pm and we are stocking up the minivan with our stuff. My friends are sleeping over at my house so it is easy to leave at 7am.
Me and my friends start stocking up the Honda Sport which we will be driving in.
"Wait. So me, Maddie and dad are driving in this minivan?" My brother Dylan asks my mom. She nods. Dylan shakes his short blonde hair. Maddie looks up at him, her Hazel eyes shining.
"It's not all awful just for you" Maddie says. Her hair was originally light brown but it's all dyed red now.
Charlotte stocks up the passenger seat with food and entertainment with her sitting back with it. Her black hair gets in the way in her green eyes.
Aubrey is sitting shotgun next to me, her strawberry blonde hair in a ponytail. She has beautiful eyes. They are Hazel with yellow specks in them.
We all have our licenses with us. Aubrey Winters. Charlotte Piper. I nod to the house. "Let's go in," I say after we are all packed up.
We change into our pajamas and talk about the trip.
"Soooo," Charlotte starts, "You gonna meet any boys?" She laughs and wiggles her eyebrows.
"I am planning on it," Aubrey says.
"I just want to meet new people" I say. "That means yes," I whisper.
"Lights out girls." my mom says. It's only 10 but we are waking up at 6:30. We drift off to sleep dreaming about the trip.
Beep, beep, beep.
"Wake up" I say to my sleeping friends. They wake up. "Let's get ready" I say.
I put my blonde hair highlighted with pink in a braid. I put eyeliner over my green eyes. I put on short shorts and a white lace crop top with a white tank top under it.
Aubrey is wearing a green miniskirt and a yellow tank top. Charlotte is wearing sweatshorts and a tshirt.
We make a quick check again. My mom kisses me and my siblings bye. The minivan first starts so we don't get lost.
I start my car following the minivan. Next stop Myrtle Beach!