
(jade's pov) It's about 11 pm and me,megan and Gabriel are just getting ready to leave.I have a bad feeling about this... After what happened last time I'm alot more nervous.we said goodbye and I hugged my dad's and uncles, megan doing the same -only hugging uncle cas and pap-. Gabriel teleported us to the same bar.we all went and sat at a booth in the back.~timeskip~ As expected megan was too drunk to hold a conversation. Gabriel wasn't as bad,but definitely not sober. I sighed and rubbed my temples as I listened to the two of them singing 'eye of the tiger' on the stage.apparently it was karaoke night... Yay.the song finished and Gabriel went to get a drink while Megan sat back down. We 'talked'for a bit and then I froze, making eye contact over Megans shoulder, with the guy from a few nights ago.REALLY GRANDPA (God)?! DO YOU HATE ME OR SOMETHING?! I quickly looked away."Megan, it's the creepy guy!" "whaaaa?""the guy you kicked in the balls" she looked confused and then started laughing, remembering who I was talking about. "hahahahhahahaha oh yeah!.......what about him?""he's right there!" I whisper-yelled. "good for him...I'm gonna go help gabey with the drinks,ok?" she was to drunk to realize why this was bad and before I could stop her she got up and left.I didn't want a repeat of last time, so I stood up and tried to follow her.I say tried because on the way there someone stepped in front of me. I came face to face-well more like face to chest,me being short and all- with the man I was trying to avoid. I gulped. He no longer smelled of alcohol, hopefully he's sober and won't try anything. "um...e-excuse me" I attempted to walk around him, but felt him grab my arm."hey,hey,slow down. Listen, you're the doll from a few days ago, right?" I nodded my head quickly, hoping he'd let me go soon."I'm really sorry about the other day.I may of had a bit too much to drink.I probably made you uncomfortable. Would you let me make it up to you?" I was slightly shocked by his apology. "um...depends. What do you mean?""I'll buy you a drink or something...and if you're okay with it we could sit and have a better conversation.I think your cousin is a little occupied at the moment..." I turned to look at Megan, seeing her and Gabriel drinking shots and kissing in between each one. I hesitantly nodded. "okay, but I'll pass on the drink.I'm 19 so I can't have alcohol or anything. I've got some lemonade at our booth.""ok,let's go there then" we walked over and sat down. I kept my drink close, remembering what my pap had told me about people drugging drinks in bars. "so,you got a name to match that pretty face of yours,doll?""...it's jade. And you are?""matt.so um....what should we talk about?""um..well you know I'm 19,so how old are you?""I'm 22" "ok...now what?""I'll ask you some stuff, if that's alright with you?"I gave him a skeptical look."what kinda stuff?""you know standard stuff. Like 'what do you like?', or 'what type of music do you listen to?'...also 'whetherornotyou'reademon' (whether or not you're a demon)" he had said the last part really fast so I asked him to repeat it. "it's nothing don't worry about it." a slow song started playing. "hey wanna dance?" he stood and held out his hand. "uh...I can't exactly dance very well..." he laughed a bit. "thats okay, I don't mind"I slowly, cautiously took his hand.we started dancing-a little too close for my liking-. We chatted about random topics until the song ended.I had my face turned away from him the entire time and when I turned back,I saw him leaning forward. I squeaked and jumped back."sorry!... I guess I got caught up in the moment" we sat back down.he sat much closer than before. I chose not to say anything. Something caught my eye. Megan and Gabriel were gone....had they left without me? I turned to matt to tell him I was leaving. When I did he leaned forward and kissed me.my eyes widened and I pulled away covering my mouth with my hands.I was shocked. It hadn't felt bad, just weird "I'm so sorry. I couldn't help myself...."he slowly began leaning in again, gently moving my hands away. "what do you think you're doing to my daughter?!" I gasped and we both turned to see my dad. I heard matt mutter something under his breath. He then stood up and told everyone to evacuate the bar.it was now just the three of us."I knew there had to be something wrong with you...you're lucifers daughter... Brilliant" wait how did he know dad was lucifer? "oh...I see....you're a hunter then?""yup."...oh no. Dad started to move twords him,but matt pulled out a gun and shot him in the leg.I screamed and began crying, running to my dad's side.I heard commotion and saw uncle cas get stabbed by Matt."NO!" uncle dean ran in and tackled matt to the floor, resulting in getting himself stabbed in the side.matt got up and walked over to me.I froze...what was he going to do? He grabbed my shoulder and yanked me to my feet.my dad shouted at him to let go of me.matt ignored him and stared at me.I clenched my eyes shut, waiting for pain,but felt none.instead I felt cold metal on my wrists.my eyes flew open...handcuffs? I looked up at matt.he pushed me twords the door, my dad shouting at him the entire time. Once outside I felt something whack me over the head, knocking me unconscious. I knew something bad would happen....