
(jade's pov) I was in my room drawing. It's about 1 in the morning. Everyone except me and Megan is downstairs. I heard a knock on my door and then turned to see Megan standing in the doorway. "Megan, aren't you supposed to be grounded?""yeah, so?" I sighed. "jade, we're sneaking out" it took a moment for me to comprehend what she said."what!?" she 'shhh'd' me and continued talking. "we're going to the bar nearby""Megan, neither of us are old enough to go to a bar and what about our dad's?""I'm turning 21 in a few days, jade. And you don't have to drink so you're fine.as for our dad's.... F#ck 'em!""Megan...I don't think that's a good idea" "c'mon...." I thought about it for a minute before deciding that if I said no she'd go alone.... Which would lead to chaos. "fine" she fistbumped the air and then immediately, before I could change my mind, teleported us to the bar.~timeskip~I was sitting at a small booth in the bar.there was a glass of lemonade in front of me and in front of Megan there was 3 empty bear bottles, 2 empty vodka bottles and around 9 or so empty shot glasses.I don't understand how she's not sick... Needless to say, she's steaming drunk."jade...Imma go get me more alcomohol" I sighed at her drunken speech as she got up and walked over to the bar.I removed my phone from my pocket and checked the time. 3:30am... Our dad's are going to freak.I jumped as I felt an arm go around my shoulders. I was about to start telling the person off,believing it to be megan, but once I turned and saw the person my words caught in my throat. It was a guy I'd never seen before. He had silvery-white hair, a pale complexion (not as pale as me, seeing as I'm basically translucent) and dark, chocolate brown eyes.I could smell a faint sent of alcohol off of him,which made me more nervous. "hey,doll"he had a deep southern accent. It would have been soothing to hear,had I known the guy.but obviously I didn't,so the accent put me more on edge. "what's a pretty little thing like you doin' here all by yourself?" I stumbled over my words. "um,I-im actually w-with my cousin." I turned my gaze to the bar and Megan was nowhere to be seen.the guy followed my gaze. "which one?""um...I think she may b-be in the restroom...i-i'll just go get h-her." I tried to shuffle away and stand up but gasped as I was pulled back down. "I'm sure she'll be fine.in the meantime you and me can get to know eachother a bit better.""um no, you d-don't understand. I really need t-to find her.shes my r-ride home" I'm not technically lying... I can't teleport like her so I do need her to get home. "are you cold,doll? You're shakin' an awful lot" "I'm fine,I just n-need to find my cousin" I once again tried to stand only to have the same thing happen.what the heck is this guy's problem?!"if it's just the ride home you're worried about, I can give you one""no...I need to make sure she gets home alright" he was about to say something when suddenly he was yanked from the booth.he looked up from his position on the floor.Megan was stood there glaring murderously down at him."what the f#ck do you think you are doing with my cousin!?" she didn't give him time to answer before she kicked him where the sun dosent shine, grabbed me and dragged me out of the bar. She then teleported us home...where of course we had some angry father's to deal with.