
(sams pov)I was pacing around the living room. Dean had went to check on megan around an hour or so ago and she wasn't in her room.he went to ask jade if she knew where Megan was, only to find her missing aswell. We had all ran around the bunker looking for them. We would have phoned the authorities, but we knew they wouldn't do anything unless it had been at least 24 hours.Im so worried,I mean we're all worried, but I think I'm the worst. I really hope they're alright. I know megan can take care of herself, thanks to dean and cas. But jade can barely, if at all,use her abilities. I sighed running a hand through my hair.I jumped as a hand landed on my shoulder. I spun round and saw lucifer. I felt tears build up in my eyes. "oh, lucifer, what if they're in danger?" he gave me a sympathetic look."I'm sure they're fine,Sammy" he sounded as if he was trying to convince himself, more than me. Just then dean ran in out of breath. "guys they're back!" we didn't question him.we all ran to jade's room. Both of them were being held in a bone crushing hug by cas. He relased them and I instantly ran over to jade and hugged her.I spun her around out of pure joy that she was okay. She pounded on my back so I'd put her down.Once I did lucifer walked over and held his arms out for a hug, which he received. Then suddenly the happy moment was broken by dean's voice. "what the f#ck were you thinking megan!?" "dad calm down!  It's not like I murdered anybody!" what on earth are they on about? "I just kicked him in the balls!"... What? "thats not what I meant!  Why the f#ck did you take jade to a bar, while you're grounded?!""because, I wanted some alcohol. Im almost 21 and she's in one piece, isn't she?!" I decided to intervene. "Megan, what happened?""I just told you,uncle moose! I wanted alco-" I chose to ignore the annoying nickname, just this once."No, not that. The part about the guy" she looked at me confused for a second, probably trying to sort out her drunken thought. "oh yeah!  I kicked some weird guy in the balls because he was making a move on jadey" what?! My head instantly turned to jade and I started checking for injuries,or anything else. "jade,darling he didn't try anything did he?" she shook her head. "no,paps he just said some stuff.""okay,as long as you're both alright""SAM! Don't let them off that easily! Megan shouldn't have went out and jade shouldn't have tagged along! If they had stayed here, like they were supposed to, none of this would have happened!"I saw jade flinch back from dean's shouting. She wasn't exactly used to getting shouted at.Megan just crossed her arms. "dean, calm down, please. Your scaring jade"cas tried to help."NO,I WILL NOT CALM DOWN. She's 19 she should be able to handle a little shouting!" cas raised his hand and placed it on dean's forehead, putting him to sleep. I saw jade hugging lucifer crying slightly.... God d4mn it dean! "Megan, sweetheart, go to bed please and apologise to dean in the morning.  And jade try and get some rest if you can,ok?" cas asked gently. They both nodded,megan more reluctantly and did as they were asked.