
At first we didn't know what the Society was thinking when we were all told to undergo a surgery that would give us glass hearts. To me it sounded stupid, something completely unnecessary, at first no one paid it any attention. At first no one cared about our glass hearts. At first no one cared, no one cared, until my sister's heart was broken.
The story is simple of how Katherine died. She woke up in her bed next to her husband and saw him dead, apparently there was a problem during his heart surgery and he died. Katherine grieved his death for many days and soon she began no to sleep. Not to eat. Not to move. When Mother called the doctor to see if everything was okay with Katherine, the doctor said her heart was breaking. At the time none of us understood what that meant to have your heart breaking. However, the next day when I went in to try to convince Katherine to eat, I saw her dead body.
Katherine didn't die like we normally would have, she would have had her eyes closed and look like she was sleeping. But when I walked in her room that morning she looked nothing like that. All color was gone from her body. Her once healthy blonde hair turned white and dry. Her eyes were wide open and black, her mouth open as if she were screaming in pain. Once I was able to drag my eyes away from her horrendous face, I looked down to her chest. When I caught sight of the blood, I gasped in horror. The glass heart that the society had placed in her was shattered. Broken. The sharp shards of the glass were piercing through her once tan skin. The blood that filled her heart was dried on my sister's white shirt.
In shock, I went to grab the phone and dial 911, obviously thinking that it was a murder. Once the operator on the other end of the line picked up, I hastily explained the situation. When I finished telling the woman, she explained to me that it was not a murder. Just as I was about to go off on her and tell her to send and ambulance right now. She said it was heartbreak. Furious, I slammed the phone down, and tried to wake my sister up.
As I was shaking Katherine, and getting blood all over my hands, my mother burst through the door. At the sight of her oldest daughter covered in blood and lying motionless on the bed, my mother's heart broke.
The breaking of her heart was more violent then I thought it would have been, but it was over quickly. The skin above her heart was ripped open by the shards of the glass. The glass was thrown everywhere, and blood wet my mother's work clothes. Instantly, my mother fell to the floor, and was gone.
It wasn't until the rest of my family came into the room and died in the exact same way, that I finally understood what the operator meant when she said she died of heartbreak.

***

When I finally opened my eyes and took in the scene before me, I gasped. There, on the ground piled on top of one another was the rest of my family. All of them with their hearts broken. On the bottom was my mother, her heart broken due to the loss of her oldest daughter. On top of her was my father, his heart broken due to the loss of a child and his wife. And barley on top of my father was my little brother Jeremy, his heart broken due to seeing nearly his entire family dead. Like my sister, all of their hair turned white and dry, their skin colorless.
They must not of seen me, I thought to myself. Yes, surely that is the reason why they thought they had lost everything, they must not of seen me. I repeated this over, and over to myself. But then the thought occurred to me, why haven't I died? Why is my heart not shattered? Do I not care for my family as I thought I did? Did I not love them enough?  I kept these questions flowing through my mind. I was so occupied by the thoughts that I didn't even hear the people in suits knock down the door and take away my family.