

By being caught up in my thoughts, I hadn't realized a man was coming toward me until I was lifted up into his arms. I buried my head into the man's chest so that I didn't have to look as more men came in and placed each of my family members onto a thing with wheels and into a body bag.
As the man holding me jostles me around, trying to adjust his hands, I cried out in pain as I felt something in my heart. I guess now is my time to die, I thought to myself. I closed my eyes and prepared for my heart to shatter and kill me. But nothing happened. I just kept feeling the pain over, and over again.

The man holding me gave me a curious look and said, "Is everything alright miss?"  I shook my head no, incapable of using words because the pain was so terrible. Weakly, I pointed to my heart, the mans face immediately brightened as if he understood the situation. He gently shifted my in his arms and continued walking out the door to a car waiting for us. As he walked the pain in my heart began to dull. Once the man seated me into the car, I slept, exhausted by the pain.


***
When I woke up, I was lying on at cold surface with two men hovering above me in doctor outfits and a bright light blinding me. My eyes widened once I took a look  at what was in one of the man's hands. A large knife type thing was placed in his hands.

Ever so slowly the man brought the knife down towards my heart, the man gasped once he noticed my wide eyes. Frantically, the man shouted orders to people around the room. Because I was too delirious to try to comprehend what he was saying, I hardly noticed a mask coming towards my face, when it reaches my mouth I breath in the chemicals and slowly drift to sleep.


***
When I woke up I saw that I was in a different room, this one white and not as cold as the previous one. I slowly began to to lift my self up on the bed and get a better look around. As I sat up a sharp pain etched its way into my heart. I see you haven't gone away yet have you? Might as well get used to it, thought to my self as I looked down at my chest. I ignored the pain in my chest as I shifted to the edge of the bed, ready to get up.

Just as my feet touch the floor, a man came in. It took me a while to figure out who this man was, but then it clicked. He was the man with the knife. My doctor I assume. As the man walked toward me I shifted back onto the bed in a criss cross sitting position. I winced as I moved, the doctor seemed to have noticed.
"The pain you feel in your heart is not abnormal," said the man, when I still looked up at him with questioning eyes he continued, "The pain you feel in your heart means that the glass is cracked. It cracks if someone you love dies or betrays you."

"What about my family? Their hearts broke and killed them, why didn't mine?" I asked, these questions pounding in my head ever since I looked down at my dead family.
"Ah," the doctor said as if understanding my questions, "That was the question we asked ourselves when we saw you still alive. It turns out that in order for your heart to officially break is for you to tell the person that you love, that you love them, and you have to mean it. Love is not a simple word to explain ones feelings. Telling someone that you love them is promising them that you will be with them forever, that you will never leave them. So, when a loved one dies or betrays you, your heart breaks."