
~Ashley So I am now with Evan I'm very happy with our relationship everything is going good so far we have grown closer to together and I feel like I can tell him anything. The only problem is he keeps trying to be intimate with me, I really want to experience that with him but something always pulls me back. He trys to get me to talk to him about it but I just change the subject ,its not something that I really like to talk about but I know I have to talk about it sooner or later I just wish it was later. But for right now I have to get ready to go out with Evan , he said be had something special planned for us and he's been really secretive about it  I have asked him numerous of times about where were going but he keeps say don't worry it's just  something special for my beautiful , he keeps saying it and it starting to really get on my nervous.
~EvanMe and Ashley have been great together I'm all the way up in the clouds and nothing is gonna bring me down. There's actually one problem its just sex  I haven't been getting any. It has been really hard to control myself around her she has been getting more comfortable around me to the point where she is wearing these really short shorts and I just can not help myself. I know I sound like that guy that is really horny all the time,but I was never like this Ashley just brings it out of me. I have asked her about why she does not want to have sex she just changes the subject. So that is why I have planned this fantastic day for just her and I. I went all out on this day really I just can not wait for her to be surprised. I have to be over at her house in and hour so I went out and got some comdoms because hopefully tonight I can finally get some.
~A hour later~Ashley
"Hey Evie"I said to Evan"Hey beautiful did you miss me""Yes did you miss me""Yes but not as much as i miss this"he said while leaning in and kissing me with so much passion that it made me press my body closer to his trying to get more of him if that is possible.He pulled back and smiled"You really did miss me""I told you so know can you tell me where were going""I'll tell you once we get there""Once we get there I will know what it is so there will be no point in telling me""Your right so just wait to we get there go grab your things and come on""Okay give me a second"I said and walked out the room but not before Evan smacked my ass hard"EVAN""Sorry couldn't help it"he said laughing and I just walked away got my things and left with Evan to get in the car.The whole ride was silent until we pulled up at the bakery "Evei why are we st the bakery""You will see " he got on and came and opened my door and lead me into the bakery "This way beautiful"He took me up the stairs that lead us to the roof ,there was a table with a tray of food on it a blanket and pillows layed out then Evan said he had something else for me he went over to a switch and clicked it and Christmas light came on.The rest of the night went really well I enjoyed myself like I always do when I'm with Evan.~Evan The high was so amazing we didn't have sex but we ending up sleeping under the stars rapped up in each others arms I couldn't ask for a better date.
FOLLOW!!!
LIKE!!!
SHARE!!!
COMMENT!!!
*THANKS FOR EVERYTHING THIS IS AMAZING I HAVE SO MANY LIKES AND READS THANK YOU SO MUCH.* DONT FORGET TO FOLLOW