
Monroe
The huge black bars slammed shut. I turned my head to the side, watching as the heavyseat prisonguard walked towards my cell. My body suddenly started trembling, and I had already began crying.
The three ringed keyholder jingled against his broad thighs, and the smell of cheap cologne mixed with musk drifted through my nose.
Peering through the thin slits in the tight space, I covered my face. Blocking out any unnatural scents from my pathway.
"Daniels." The large and smelly guard, growled. I mumbled. "Umm."
With a loud thump against the bars, he chucked the key inside of the difficult mechanism shaft, and narrowed his eyes entirely at me.
"You must not know anything. You a deaf bitch, huh?" He asked, with a smirk.
I groaned. Shaking my head, I backed away from the cool bars so that he could slide the gate open. "No. I- I'm- m n- not d- deaf." I said, with a stutter.
Chuckling, he motioned me forward. "Bring your ass on girl, this here is prison. If you can't do as told then you outta luck." He told me, roughly.
Nodding my head, I followed him out of my cell and watched as he strutted forward. I could see the waistband of his pants, being swallowed heavily by his awful mass. No way would I judge someone with meat on their bones, but he was overweight.
There was no doubt about it. Suddenly, he skidded to a stop. Slowly turning towards me, he grunted. " I guess its too late for you to learn." Then he rolled his eyes, when he saw the questioning look on my face.
Sighing, he coughed a little. "Your going home." He finally explained.
A huge smile watched onto my face, and I couldn't wait to feel the cool sun on my skin.
"Thank God." I said, as he shook his head. Then he immediately continued on walking, as though he had no care in the world. Which is an absoluteunderstatement.
I can't believe this. Here I was, just a few seconds ago about to cry my eyes out.
Our shoes smacked against the dark gray tiled floor, which remained stained. I continued covering up my face, watching as his large fingers grasped onto the white door.
As soon as he stepped through, I followed in a haste. The sound of the door, locking back close shocked me. It almost felt unreal.
But then he held his crooked fingers out towards the same registration area, and I finally realized the truth.
With one last look back at him, I manuevered my way through the room. Stopping at the front desk, I looked into the eyes of the policewoman, and waited.
She slid the few papers forward, and her gaze was held on mine.
"You know where to sign." She said, halfheartedly.
I just ignored her, and took the pen out of her tight grip, and scribbled my name down on the release forms.
After signing, she quickly handed me my belongings, and motioned me forward.
"Good luck." She said, ruefully. I just walked away, with my head held high, and with a confident smile on my face.
No one was going to break my spirit.
And as soon one of the guards opened the door, and I stepped out of the prison building, I knew that it was only just the beginning.
The only thing that made it even more apparent was the sound of the gates buzzing open, and seeing my sister's face staring back at me.
I was finally free.