
~Evan The past few weeks me and Ashley have only grown closer together and today I plan to ask her to be my girlfriend. I want to ask her in a special way so I went out and purchased flowers and chocolate and now on my way to her house.
I arrive at her house in no time and then I get all nervous ,I walked her to her door and Before I could knock she opens the door and ran into my arms "So I'm guessing someone missed me""Maybe a little" she said then she slowly backed up"What's wrong""I'm know I'm heavy and probably just really hurt your back""No your not heavy your light as a feather you know what I can show you better then I can tell you" I went over to her and picked her up bridal style and walked her all around the house "See you light""Maybe to you " she said  I walked her to the couch set her down gently and began to tickle her and she laughed and tried to make me stop tickling her"Say you light ""NO" she said as she laughed "If you don't say it I won't stop I can do this all day""Okay okay I'll say it" I stop and wait for her to say it "I'm light there are you happy now" "Yes very" she said as she set her feet on my lap , and I happily rubbed them she seems to be enjoy the foot rub  just as much as I do.I continue rubber her feet for a long time and she moans the whole time I am doing it then she stops I look up at her face to see she had fallen asleep I picked her up and took her to her room and places the covers on her and kissed her forehead .I went downstairs and started making her. Dinner.She told me that she loved my cooking , I was happy that she did I never cooked for any other woman besides my mom if she even counts. I cooked her some fish and spagetti with Italian bread . I had just put the food in the oven when she came down looking beautiful , she always looks more beautiful after a good nights rest."How did you sleep""Like a baby what did you cook""Your favorite""Spaghetti"she said excitedly "Yes beautiful set the table while I make out plates"
We were a few minutes into dinner when I decide that now was the right time to ask her ."Ashley""Hmm""Close your eyes I have a surprise for you"She closed her eye and I made my way to the flowers And chocolate laued the out in front of her and asked her "open your eyes""Ashley will you do me the honor of being my girlfriend" I looked her in the eyes the whole time while I asked her she took a moment then replied"YES Evan I'll be your girlfriend" she jumped up in my arms and kissed me hard I pulled back and said "thank you you've made me the happiest man in the world"Then went back to missing her. This is amazing were finally together.
LIKE!!!
COMMENT!!!
SHARE!!!
FOLLOW!!!
*THANKS FOR READING AND LIKING AND LEAVING COMMENTS , DONT FORGET TO TO FOLLOW