
I came to the alley to find her dead. Blood slicked the ground underneath my feet. The decaying scent of the tall furless thing's dump boxes was lost to me, for the strong scent of blood almost covered it. The alley corner was shrouded in darkness as I approached her. I stumbled towards her. Mother.
Once I reached her, I backed up a step, unsure if it was really her. My breathing became shaky and felt choked, like there was water in my throat. My legs became weak and my paws went cold. Her orange and white fur crusty with congealed blood. My ears flattened, panicked. Her neck was ripped open.
"Mom?"
She's not dead. She's just... resting. She's tired. She's just sleeping with her eyes open. She'll wake up and help me find some grubs to eat. And we can sit side by side, she with her mouse and me with some grubs, or something..
"Mother...?" I approached her, placing my paw on her leg. She was cold. "Mom, I'm back. I found a good water source. We won't have to worry for the burn time. I ran into a tall furless thing's cat. He was very fat and he was afraid of me. He did not bother me, though." I said, nervously. "Mother, wake up. We have to move. The group could attack us." I gripped her leg, and tried to pull her. "I've been afraid they will hurt us. The monsters aren't very active right now. We can cross the black stone.."
I let go of her leg. It was beginning to hit me. I backed up, terrified, disturbed, but most of all, sad. "M-mom, did the group attack you?" I took a step forward, and then back again. Beneath the scent of blood, I smelled the scent of another cat. "It wasn't a stripe-tail... but you'll be fine.. you'll recover. You're too strong to be k-killed by some dumb group cat, huh?" I faltered. My voice broke; I found myself unable to speak. The blood on my paws was cold, the alley's metal boxes prevented light from hitting Mother.
"You're cold, mom. Y-you're cold. I'm cold." I sat down by her.
"Mother..!"
·····
I woke up next to her body. At first, I felt reassured next to her, and then I remembered. And I felt horrible grief. The pain was cruel. They'd killed my mom. The only one who cared for me. The only one kind enough to accept my differences. I laid my face in her fur, smelling the scent which was fading quickly.
I decided to bury her. There was a hole in the alley floor. I scraped dirt out of it and laid her there as neatly as I could. Her leaf-green eyes stared blankly. I closed them, my paw shaking slightly.
Collecting the dirt and laying it on her took forever. As I did this, I felt the grief welling up inside my as it turned into hatred. Those horrible cats. They hated us for practically no reason! I kept the strange cat scent I had smelled on my mother in my head. That cat would pay.
·.·.·
My cat mannerisms had set me apart from other stripetails. Only once had I been approached without hostility by one of my kind. He had shown me kindness, but he was gone as soon as I met him. Due to my aggressive nature, most cats didn't approach me either. I was an outcast.
Mother would always tell me stories about how "man" gave me to her when her kittens and mate died, due to sickness. I call "man" tall furless things though, that name fits them better. She told me that we came from a land far away. She escaped with me from "man" and we traveled here. I have few memories from that time, however.
.....
The blood and dirt and scum that covered my paws was bothering me. It was night now, and this was when I was usually awake. I had only been awake that day to scout out a reliable water source. Mother and I hunted at night. But now mother was gone.