
~AshleyI glad I excepted his apology it now means a lot to me  to know he can express his self with me like a real man I have true and genuine respect for him and I can not wait for our date tonight he is worthy of my time. I just hope he won't do anything stupid this time but something tells me he really beat his self up over this little incident.Now I'm up in my room tearing things apart to find the perfect dress for later tonight. I came across two dresses but I do not know which dress I like better. The first dress it a tight fitted red maxi dress., the other one is a short pink dress that has the back all out .I think I'm going to go with the maxi dress that ones more flirty. I put on the dress and looked at myself in the mirror I look damn good tonight , and maybe I will let him kiss me only if the time is right.
~Evan I am so excited right now I'm going on a date with Ashley tonight I have on imani suit and a imani watch with some good black shinny shoes on I'm ready for tonight. I have another fifth teen minutes until I have to pick her up and I can't wait. I just know that this is going to be the time of her life and my life to because I am with her , and every second that i spend with her she gives me life.
~15 mins laterI'm in front of Ashley's door i have been out her for 5 minutes think about what im going to say.I'm finally ready to knock on the door and before I can the door opens and a beautiful Ashley emerges looking like the beautiful queen that she is I can't help but check her out she just so sexy its unbelievable. While I'm checking her out I stop at her feet I never notices that she has such adorable feet so I continue to stare at them until someone calls my name which brings me out of my trance "Evan" Ashley said "Yes sorry I just can't help it your so beautiful" she blushes a little and I pinch her cheek "Hey stop I'm not a baby""But your my baby" I said with confidence "Mmm well see after tonight""Yes we will are you ready to go""Yeah let me just grab my purse"She grabbed her purse and we were out the door .We arrived a few minutes later at the restaurant We went in and she picked out a table bacuse she it still in charge for the rest of the night and that's fine with me because I'm happy to oblge and need need she has for now and forever. The waitress came over and tried to flirt with me "Hello I'll be your server for the night what can I get you handsome I personally recommend the sexy waitress in front of you " I know she has eyes and can clearly see I'm on a date and not interested in any other woman" so not interested your not woman enough for me so much wether have Ashley over her she certainly does look edible in that outfit" she started to pout and stormed away I looked over to Ashley to see her laughing seeing that she was happy made me put a smile on my face "Why are you smiling" Ashley asked me "Because seeing that your happy brings joy to me""That's sweet and you really are too much but I like it""Hmm what else do you like about me""You go first"she said and I was not mad about it "Well I like your eyes there beautiful like the rest of you , your hair is so curly I just want to run my fingers through it, your legs so long And soft "I said reaching over and placing her legs in my lap "your feet ,your toes are to cute"I said slipping off her shoes and rubbing her legs and feet and she moaned in delight "also I like your voice its music to my ears its something I want to hear everyday all day "I said "I just can't get enough of you" I leaned Down and pressed a kiss on her feet and smiled at her. I think I may have to gained a feet fetish but only for her.
The rest of the night was fun he laughed talked and when it was time to leave she gave me a kiss goodnight on the cheek. And that night I dreamt about my life with Ashely.
LIKE!!!
COMMENT!!!
SHARE!!!
*THANKS FOR LIKING AND READING HOPE YOU REALLY ENJOY MY BOOK*