
~EvanIts been a few days since Ashley and I kissed and I just can't stop thinking about her or the kiss. She fit perfectly in my arms  and she taste amazing ,also she is soft in are the right places. But I haven't seen her since the kiss , I went by the bakery to see if she was there but nothing and every time I go over her house she's not their or she is and just not answer in the door. This has never happened to me before a girl running away from me its usually the other way around girls running to me,I hope she isn't mad at me. But how could she be mad I haven't done anything , think about it now it might not have been a good idea to laugh after I kissed her. I mean  I wasn't laughing because she was bad I was laughing because the shocked look on her face. Now that I figured out what I did I can apoligzie and maybe get another kiss because those lips are just amazing .
~Ashley I'm laying at home in my bed think about that kiss and he had the nerve to laugh I can't possible face him he'll think I'm stupid, he probably just kissed me to shut me up and Make me believe he likes me for me when I'm really just his side bitch. At first I though be really liked me but now I know he can't except me He laughed at me I can never see him again. I been so afraid to see him I haven't even went into work or stepped outside my house , but that all stops today because i am not going to care anymore he did what be did and now its done he can just go to hell along with all that bullshit he was talking. He should take on some acting classes because he had me believe that lie for a second damn he's good but he can take it and stick it where the sun don't shine.
~later that day I was done think about him now I'm at work making the most of it when my grandma came in "Baby are you okay""Yes why do you ask""You've been making cakes nonstop all day no break or anything""Oh I didn't even notice""Is there anything you wanna talk about""Know there's nothing""Girl is this about that man""N...yes""What happened""He told me he liked me kissed me then laughed about it in my face like I'm some kind of joke""He did he doesn't look like that type of person to just do that wait he does but it doesn't look like he'll do that to you,did you talk to Him""No""Why""Because he'll just embarrass me more""Well if you don't talk to him how do you know"and with that she left the room.
LIKE!!!
COMMENT!!!
SHARE!!!
*thanks for reading*