
I looked up and there were green eyes staring at me, with a cup of coffee in his hand.
"Why?" Okay, so I needed to work on my social skills. Maybe that's why I was still single at the age of 26.
His green eyes twinkled softly again, causing faint laugh lines to appear on his olive toned skin. He looked young. Maybe about 30? 32? But there was something in his eyes that held a maturity that told me he was older.
"Because there are no other chairs available." He said it with such casualness, it was starting to make me question why I asked him to begin with.
With a brief look around the cafe, I nodded for him to sit down. "Thank you." He sat his coffee on the table before taking a seat.
"No worries." I turned my attention back to my laptop and ignored that chuckle again.
It was so manly I felt my insides warm up slightly. "I see manners aren't your strong suit." His voice was very deep, but that accent. Definitely British. Why did all British guys sound so incredibly sexy?
"Excuse me?" I took the pen out of my mouth I was currently chewing on.
He looked up at me and I noticed he had set-up his computer. Mac book air. Expensive. "Do you often come to coffee shops to talk to yourself?" His face was completely straight.
"Depends. Do you harass women you don't know?"
He sat back in his chair, his green eyes never leaving mine. "Maybe, I didn't realize what I was doing was bordering harassment."
I didn't have time for this. Yes, he was handsome but I had a dead-line to meet. "Well, aren't you just a bag of charms, and witty comebacks. Tell me, did you practiced those in front of the mirror before gracing the world with your presence?" I replied in my best British accent.
His eyes widened for the slightest second before he chuckled again. "Interesting." He didn't say anything else. Just interesting. What the heck did that even mean?
I took a another sip of my latte, looking at him over the screen of my laptop. He started working, occasionally drinking and he never looked back up at me. Not once. Maybe I wasn't that interesting.
A few hours passed and I was no closer to writing my chapter than I was when I got here. I looked up at green eyes, hoping he'd give me some inspiration.
He was handsome. Not in your typical pretty boy, cocky way but more so in a rugged, manly way. He was definitely in his mid thirties. The strong set of his jaw, against the light stubble of dark hair encasing his chin.
Was he a CEO? He was dressed in a pair of black dress slacks, with a white pinstripe dress shirt. The first few buttons were undone, and a light dusting of hair peeked through. Definitely masculine.
"Would you like another?"
"Huh?" Goodness, did he catch me staring?
He looked up, this time his green eyes were intense. What was he working on over there? "Drink? Would you like another latte?"
"I'm okay." I slurped the last bits from my cup, causing another masculine chuckle.
"My treat." He stood up, stretching his long legs. "A thank you for letting me share your table and an apology if my comment was I'll mannered."
Definitely British with all his 'posh manners'. "If you insist."
He looked at me before running a hand through his dark black wavy hair and mumbled, "Interesting." So I was starting to hate that word.