
A few minutes later, a fresh latte was sitting in front of me with a straw in it. "Thank you."
He took a seat again, with a fresh cup of coffee in his hand. "What's your name?" He closed his laptop and was staring at me expectantly.
"Why?"
"Because I would like to know it."
"I don't give my name to strangers."
"No, you just stare at them."
Okay, so he did see me. I looked down at my keyboard. "Thanks for the latte but I should-"
"Would you like to go for a walk?"
"Huh?"
He chuckled. "You really aren't the best conversationalist." He started packing away his laptop. "I need to think and walking helps clear my mind."
"So go." Okay, maybe I was being a tad bit rude but I barely knew the guy.
"I want you to come with me."
"Which is why I'm asking why?"
He chuckled again before saying, "Because I find you interesting."
Me? Seriously? I sat my latte back on the table, crossing my arms. "How am I interesting?"
"Your outfit." His briefcase was packed and settled back on the table.
I quickly looked down as if forgetting what I threw on this morning before I looked back up at him. "What about my outfit?"
"It's interesting." He said it like that explained everything.
I gave him a puzzled look before saying, "Don't stop on my account. Please elaborate."
He laughed again. Didn't know I was so entertaining? "It's a Monday afternoon."
"And?"
"And you're dress in yoga pants with a save the earth tee shirt that is three sizes to big for you."
"The yoga pants are comfortable and I'm a sucker for going green."
Apparently this was funny because he laughed again. "Like I said, interesting."
I took a sip of my latte trying to figure this guy out. "Okay, I'm listening."
He nodded towards the other customers. "Most people come here to work, with the occasional soccer mom coming to gossip with her friends. The kid who skips school because of a dysfunctional family life and everyone else who comes for the free wifi."
"Who doesn't like free wifi?"
"I love free wifi. Maybe that's why I'm here."
This time I laughed. "I highly doubt that."
"What makes you think that?" He looked intrigued.
I gestured to what he was wearing. "You're dressed in designers threads, typing on a Mac book air. Your shoes look like they were imported from Italy and you must come here often because the latte you ordered for me taste better than my first one."
"Maybe she thinks I'm handsome."
"Or maybe you're a big tipper, who comes in often."
He chuckled before taking another sip of his coffee. I felt a smile tug at my lips. "So?"
"So," he leaned forward and I caught another whiff of aftershave. Aftershave and a very masculine scent, that made my stomach do flip flops. "So you're dressed so casually for a Monday and yet you've been stressing since you sat down in here. Which tells me you have a very important job that allows you freedom but not important enough that you're your own boss."