
{4Months ago}
Recently I've decided I actually am in the need to find new friends and well better friendships. Everyone now a days are so clueless and all about boys and the Internet. I shouldn't honestly be saying these things but I have to admit I do it too.But whatever okay?
So the other day I was casually scrolling down my Facebook (Like always) and well out of the blue had gotten a friend request from a girl called "Justine Walker" I had seen her before and well I decided well why not just accept it right? So that is what I did. And well a few moments later she messaged me and we had talked for hours witch was terrifying considering I barley had any friends what so ever but I guess we had came closer and closer everyday. Once we had decided to Skype she had told me that her older sister had friends over and well her older sister was 18 and Justine she was 13 and well me I was 14. So I was hoping none of the older people that were there didn't really talk to me because honestly I get super nervous and don't know what to say and make a complete idiot out of myself. But I guess that's something I'll just have to learn to live with.
So anyway we Skyped and let me tell ya there wasn't any good really looking guys there. Even though I was looking at them on a screen there was one in particular he was actually pretty cute. And for some reason he kept saying my name and I was wondering why. That's all I wanted to ask was why? He just repeated my name over and over again I quickly got frustrated and I had asked Justine to make a group chat with him in it. At this point I didn't even know his name but I felt somewhat attracted to him.
She had finally made the chat and it was only Justine,Chris and me in it. I had asked him why he was repeating my name over and over almost like a broken record or something. He had said "Because your so beautiful" I was completely shocked I have never been called beautiful in my entire life. I didn't know what to say. I must've been silent for a while because Justine was yelling my name continuously . I had finally answered her and she said " WTF?! Don't you even think about getting with my sisters best friend okay? He's a player he goes for everything that walks and well he'll just end up breaking your heart you can totally find someone better River. I promise!" I didn't even know how to respond to something like that all I could say was "Okay" I almost felt rude but I sorta felt like I like liked him sounds a little childish but 100% true.
A few hours later it was maybe around 11:30 I had gotten a friend request from Chris Chapman. I had quickly accepted it. He had messaged me instantly.
(Hey bb) -Chris
(Hi Chris)- River
(Sorry I can't help it. How old are you?)-Chris
(14. I know I'm young, don't laugh😂)- River
(Aw bbg I won't laugh I'm only 17 )-Chris
(Woah... That's sorta a huge age gap. Don't ya think??)-River
(Nah I've dated younger hahah)-Chris
(Oh)-River
(So where you you stay?)-Chris
(My house.)-River
(Well duh😂.Stupid.)-Chris
(Listen here Chis call me stupid again and you'll never hear the end of it.)-River
(Okay bb😘)-River
I had basically spent all night talking to him he called on the phone to and he sang to me until I fell a sleep (Not that he was any good😆) but I'm scared of what Justine and what her sister would think I mean he's almost 18 and I'm 14. What the hell is wrong with me?