
"She walked in and saw him.....
No, no, no.
"She was standing by the window and he....
Definitely not.
"She always wondered if....
Okay, this was not working. I needed a latte if I was going to get at least a chapter written. So much for trying to cut back on caffeine. Screw it. I need it so bad, it runs alongside the blood in my veins.
I grabbed my wallet and made a beeline straight for the counter. I needed an extra large latte with several shots of espresso. Why the heck did I promise my publisher I was going to get at least half the book written by the end of this month?
"You have definitely lost your mind this time Jamie." I muttered to myself at the same time I heard the faintest laugh behind me.
It was sort of a half laugh half cough but enough to make me turn around and catch the person who was eavesdropping on my private conversation with myself. The nerve of some people.
I was about to open my mouth and say something when my breath literally got stuck in my throat. Standing right behind me, was an extremely attractive man.
He was on the phone with someone, but the slight curl of his lips, alerted me to the fact he had indeed heard my little one-way conversation with myself.
I turned around, completely embarrassed. Why the heck couldn't I keep that annoying habit at home so people didn't think I was crazy?
Relax, Jamie. Maybe he's laughing at something else. Don't be so paranoid. Everything isn't about-
I felt a light tap on my shoulder. I closed my eyes, taking a deep breath before turning back to the gorgeous stranger behind me.
"Yes?"
His lips were still slightly curled in that tell tale sign that he was indeed laughing at something. "I think it's your turn." His voice had a slight accent. British?
"Huh?" My turn for what?
His dark green eyes were twinkling. "To order. It's your turn to order."
I was still looking up at him in complete confusion when I heard the lady at the counter ask,
"Miss, what can I get started for you?"
"Oh, right. Coffee. Of course." I gave him my best fake smile causing a soft chuckle to pass through his full lips again. Very kissable lips. I wondered what it would feel like to kiss those-
"Miss?" The lady sounded impatient.
"Right." I turned around, thankful my blushing wasn't showing up because of my mocha colored skin tone. "Latte. Venti with four extra shots of expresso."
The barista looked me up and down, rolled her eyes before punching my order in. Really? Some people really had no manners.
After getting my drink, I settled back in my chair sitting Indian style, ready to go back to work. I gathered my long jet-black curly hair, putting it in a messy bun on top of my head before I took a long drink of my latte.
Okay...think romance. A girl falls in love with a guy who she met on an airplane...
Been there, done that.
A girl falls in love with her boss.
Too many stories with that plot. And wasn't there some chick flick about a-
"Do you mind if I sit here?" That voice again.