
I walked out of the house, immediately stopping in front of the door. Ray was talking to a person. I raised an eyebrow, recognizing those two people. That person glanced at me, giving off a grin.
I raised an eyebrow. "What are the ping pong boys doing here?" I asked Ray. He laughed and patted blue-eyed boy's shoulder. "Tay..." He whispered.
I walked closer to them full of disbelief. "B-Ben?" I stuttered as my brown eyes widened. You laughed, running a hand through your dark hair. "I can't believe it. What are you and Jeff doing here?"
You chuckled. "What? No 'hi' or 'hello?' That's so mean, Tay." You joked, placing a hand in front of your heart. My heart beats faster, remembering those are the exact words I said to Sandra that one day when we were younger.
I held in a breath, running towards you. You held out your arms, so I only crashed into your body. I wrapped my arms around your neck and you wrap your arms around my waist. "I missed you." We say in unison.
I pulled back first when my brother coughed. I smiled sheepishly at Ray and greeted, "I assume that you must be an older version of Jeff. I'm digging the 'stache."
Ray and Jeff laughed, but I could see that Jeff blushed only a little bit. "Hey 'Lor, long time no see kid." He waved, scratching his mustache. I giggled, snuggling my head against your chest.
"Where's Alex?" I asked you. I felt you tense up, same as how both Ray and Jeff paled. I shut my mouth, regretting what I just said. "Sorry, rough topic?" I bit my lip. You shook your head, hugging me tighter.
"It's okay, Tay." You assured me. "It's just that I'm not quite ready to talk to about it." I nodded, letting out a breath I didn't know that I was holding. I just saw my best friend once again, that's kind of a rough start.
"Come on, we got a lot of catching up to do," You winked, grabbing my hand. Then there you go again, pulling me towards wherever you want to go.
You stopped suddenly, making me bump into you. I looked up and smiled, seeing the small house. "Your old house..." I sighed, remembering all the memories that we had together. "You live here still?" You nodded, giving me a cheeky grin before pulling me towards the entrance.
You grabbed the keys, opening the brown door. As we entered, I breathed in the scent of the house. It still hasn't even changed one bit. You pulled me along, walking past the TV and couch just to reach the kitchen. My eyes brightened up when I saw a few certain things. "Cherries!" I squealed, letting go of your hand.
I rushed over to the bowl of cherries, immediately taking a bite. Then my brown eyes widened once again once I saw my favorite food. "Cherry pie!" I beamed, grabbing a fork from the drawer and taking a big piece.
I heard chuckling from behind me so I looked back. You were standing behind me, with a gentle smile. How you could easily calm me down like that is truly a wonder. "Things haven't changed," You commented, making me blush. "You still like cherries?"
"Like?" I repeated, swallowing the piece of pie. "I love cherries. They grow as twins. How cute is that?" I cooed, lifting up another cherry stem. Then I took another bite, laughing softly as the delicious juices squirted in my mouth.
You laughed, taking the other half of the cherries. I pouted, narrowing my eyes at you when you slowly bit down. You laughed when I childishly stuck my tongue out at you. Then I realized a few details about myself. "Oh crap, I'm still not prepared!" I exclaimed, about to rush towards the house next door.