
"Thank you." The man nodded, walking deeper into the truck. Soon enough, the man came back out, holding two ice cream cones. "Have a nice day ladies." I took my cone first, Sakura mimicking my actions shortly after. I licked the cool desert when I saw that the man lingered, not letting go of the ice cream cone when Sakura placed her hands over his.
The man was the first to snap out of this weird trance, giving her the cone completely. "T-Thanks." Sakura stuttered, a light blush on her face. I smirked, licking my treat once again. Sakura visibly shivered, looking back at me as she was handed a receipt. I acted innocent, just looking around the park. I could hear Sakura lowly growling at me to which I didn't even react to.
We walked away from the ice cream truck, me still keeping my smirk on. "So you have an admirer?" I teased, elbowing her right shoulder. "Someone whose name might be Adam might get jealous." I sent her a cheeky wink to which she slapped my left shoulder with.
"S-Shut up!" Sakura stammered with her cheeks tainted red. I looked at the receipt and saw that there was something written on it. With Sakura's guard down, I snatched the paper away from her right hand. "Hey!" I stuck my tongue out as she tried to grab it but I already saw it. A phone number written with the name Drake.
"Aw, are you also gonna start liking this guy named Drake?" I cooed, giving her back the receipt willingly. The blonde scowled, stuffing the paper in her jean pocket. I was confused when she shook her head. "Of course not," Sakura softly smiled, taking a bite into the sugar cone. "Drake's cute but I'm loyal to Sato."
I was going to ask her who Sato is until I realized that she was talking about Adam. Instead, I asked her, "You're willing to be loyal to someone who's afraid of commitment?"
The green-eyed girl shrugged. "I want to at least try." Sakura sighed, taking another bite. "What's the point of everything we've been through if we just decided to give up now?" I stayed silent, just looking at her in admiration. Sakura's adult side is coming out-slowly, but it's still there.
Soon enough, Sakura and I were sitting at a bench as we enjoyed our cool ice cream. Luckily, there wasn't much people hanging around for it's only a Wednesday afternoon. Other than some students who are wondering around the area.
"So are you gonna take your test soon?" I asked the girl beside me. The blonde was lost in thought, not really paying attention to what was happening. Getting annoyed, I snapped my fingers. Sakura's green eyes snapped wide open, she shook her head.
"S-Sorry." She stuttered, finishing the last of her ice cream. "I'm just worried about what's gonna happen during the test." I calmed down, she honestly answered my question without knowing what the question was. I shrugged in response, continuing to slowly lick my vanilla ice cream.
"By the way," Sakura spoke once again. I looked at the girl from the corner of my eyes. "Just so we can relieve the obvious tension between us, what is the most strangest or embarrassing thing you've done?"
I bit my lip, placing my right index finger on it. "Strangest thing, huh?" I repeated before an idea popped into my head. "The strangest thing I've ever done is dressing up as a hooker to prevent this one guy in Princeton to take advantage of a nice girl. Luckily, I showed him what I'm really like so I beat the shit out of him!"
I held up a fist, smirking in victory as I remembered the memory. Sakura moved slightly away from me, raising an eyebrow. Then she shook her head, realizing that she has to answer me as well. "Falling into a lake after chasing a rabbit." The blonde muttered, ducking her head to hide the blush.