
"So? You weren't thinking, and I should be used to it by now anyways." You pursed your lips. You lifted up your white shirt, fixing it back in place where you want it to be. "I'm surprised to see you here."
I smiled softly, thanking God that you didn't care that I turned into my violent self the day before. I looked back up to the sky, placing my hands on my stomach. "This is our little spot after all." I recalled. You nodded, mumbling a "yeah" as you scratched your dark hair. This brought me so many memories. Such as the time when we were playing a little game the first time we were here.
I was going to a picnic with your family at this meadow with my mother and brother. Well, she dragged my little seven year old self with her, so I really had no choice. The sweet white summer dress was swaying with the wind.
As I stood at the edge of the clearing, my mother greeted hello at loud. I stared blankly at the meadow, not seeing why people call them beautiful. They're covered with autumn leaves and it seemed like a plain more than anything. I spotted you with Jeff, you were the only person there that was my age.
It was two days since I met you, we haven't really talked since that day. Seven years old as well, dark hair that I counted it as a deep blue. Very spiky hair unlike the last time we saw each other. Your eyes were incredible; stunning and clear blue, like I could see the sky directly in your eyes.
A woman with dark brunette hair stood up from the grass with a kind and welcoming smile playing on her lips. She gestured for us to come closer saying, "Come here!"
"Thanks Alyssa," My mother smiled back once we were closer to the center of the field. I looked around the meadow, it still seemed dull anyways. I wondered if he was there, since I couldn't see him afterwards.
I wasn't listening to the conversation much since a little kid like me wouldn't call those types of conversations "interesting." My arms reached out to Alyssa's jacket, her kind gray eyes gazing down at my figure.
"Ano, nadito po ba si B-Ben?" I stammered, my cheeks getting pink. The older woman ruffled my hair with a smile, "He's over there with Jeff, sweetie." I looked around her figure, seeing that I wasn't hallucinating about your presence.
"T-Thanks," I stuttered, running towards them at an amazing pace; Ray was running behind me. The grass crushing underneath my Greek sandals, the wind blew my hair back as I ran down the hill.
"H-hello?" I gulped, standing in front of the two Swift brothers. You gave me a big grin, revealing that you have lost one of your tooth recently since your gums was still a bit red. "Hey, you're Taylor right?! Remember me-Benjamin?"
"Yes I am," I beamed with a bright smile. "Do you want to play with me, Ben?" I showed you my teeth with a small grin, I have lost a tooth as well a week before. "Let's play family." I suggested, clapping my hands.
I didn't pay attention to the blush that you have gave me. You hesitated with your answer, "Uh, okay..." I didn't care that your face turned way redder than before when I declared, "You are the husband and I am your wife."
Then Jeff gave you his sweater and hat while my mother gave me a headband so the game would feel a little more realistic. You walked towards me, throwing your brother's hat away a few feet.
"Welcome back dear." I greeted you with a smile. You only hummed in response. I pouted, standing up. I stomped towards you and crossed my arms in front of you. You asked with irritation in your voice, "What?"
"The husband is supposed to kiss his wife at the beginning of their date, duh." I complained, my voice getting squeakier. The heat visibly increased in your face.