
Sakura stood up suddenly, taking a phone out of her jeans. She walked towards her desk, sending a quick text to another person. "Do you have a phone, Lo Lo?" She asked me. My eyebrow twitched, not liking the sudden nickname that an acquaintance gave me.
"Yeah, why?" I took out my phone from my back pocket and handed it over. Sakura walked closer, taking my phone out of my hand before walking back to the spot she was at. "Do you want my number or something?"
Sakura just nodded, my eyes widening as the girl tossed me her phone afterwards. I yelp, catching the phone just in time. "What the hell, Sakura?!" I exclaimed, gripping the phone tightly.
"I knew you would catch it." Sakura rolled her eyes, keeping a cheeky smile on her face. "Besides, put your number in there now!" I grumbled under my breath, tapping numbers on her screen. I tapped on the picture section, immediately choosing the option to take a picture. I turned the camera to the front camera, lifting the phone up. I flash a smile, giving a little wink. For my name, I gave her: Rushing Smartass.
Instead of throwing the phone back at the blonde, I stood up from the bed and walked over to her myself. I placed a hand on her shoulder, as she was sitting down at the teal chair, getting her attention. The blonde gave me my phone first before I held out hers. Sakura grabbed the phone out of my grasp and chuckled at the name I gave myself.
"At least I know your number now," She stuck out her tongue. "Rushing Smartass."
I glanced at the desk, my face scrunching up at the sight of how messy it looks. Sakura placed her phone next to what looks like a brown journal. She caught me staring at the notebook and smiled, opening it up to the first page. "Just ideas of designs." The blonde informed me before I could ask any questions. "Nothing special."
She held out the book towards me; I hesitantly took it from her hands. I flipped to the next page, seeing a more edgy look. "This is just grand," I asserted, flipping to the next page. "Why aren't you a professional designer yet?"
Sakura started gathering the messy papers on her desk, shrugging in the process. "Well, I had to go here to finally finish my test." She quipped. "It took me a few months before I realized that I want to become a designer here instead of Japan."
"Well, a lot of people are liking Japanese styled items so of course it would sell more anywhere else." I reckoned, placing the book back down on the desk when Sakura tidied all the mess.
"Yeah, you're right." The blonde smiled, opening her book to an empty page. She looked at me from the corner of her green eye. "Say, enough about me. Come on Taylor! Tell me more about you!"
My face scrunched up slightly in confusion. I have no idea what to say to people. It just comes out naturally, not all at once! The only words that managed to get out of my mouth were inaudible noises, making the girl on my left smirk. "How about you introduce yourself the Naruto way?" She suggested.
Although, that only made me more "confused". "Naruto?" I echoed. The only thing that flashed in my mind was a boy with whiskers on his face. "That one Japanese cartoon?"
Sakura gasped, placing a hand over her heart as she felt offended. "Anime and cartoons are different things!" She yelled out. "How could you just say that, Lo Lo?!" I gulped, not knowing how to respond. I learn yet again another detail about the blonde. She's an otaku.
I chuckled. "Just kidding." I winked. "I'm fond of anime as well, except I'm not that obsessed." The blonde girl glared at me, clenching her teeth. Woops, did I accidentally offended her?
Sakura brushed it off soon enough. She then gave me a small grin. The blonde told me, "Say stuff like your name, likes and dislikes, hobbies, and your dreams for the future. Like: The name's Sakura de Amoir. I like fashion, chocolate, and anime. I dislike sluts, players, and most of all-slobs. My dream for the future is to open up a store to show everyone my designs!"