
R is for the rotten way you treat my sweet Itomo
U is for the 'UGH' I feel BECAUSE I STILL LIKE YOU
Damn it. Happy fucking birthday, jerk. I love you."
I bursted out laughing, tears immediately forming at the corner of my eyes. You laughed as well, seeing a scowl form on Adam's face. "Happy late birthday bro." You teased. I tried to stifle my laughs, "Nice girlfriend you have there."
He scowled. "At least she doesn't have a flat chest." He retorted. You smacked his chest with a wink. You coaxed, "Even if Tay's chest is small, she has to have big dreams!"
I blushed a deep red. I can't believe that you guys are willing to talk about a girl's body part in front of a girl herself. That is going to a different level, dude! You looked at me and saw that I was angry, so you coughed. "But that doesn't mean anything, she's perfect the way she is." You covered it up. I smiled, nice save.
Adam scoffed, rolling his eyes. He crossed his arms in disappointment. "Women are such a pain in the ass." He growled, probably thinking of Sakura. "If you make a move too soon, they think you're just after their body. But if you take your time, they think you're not attracted to them."
"Looks like you are having relationship problems, Adam." You commented. You showed the boy your phone, so he can see the poem himself. He complained, "Sakura and I are just so different. I'd prefer to be with a girl like me."
You raised an eyebrow, taking your phone back from your friend. "But just because someone's similar to you doesn't mean we're attracted to them. Doesn't being different from someone make you want to know them? It might be difficult falling in love with someone who lead a different life; but I don't think it's something you two can't overcome."
Adam stuck his tongue out. "Blah blah blah, that's so cheesy bro." He mocked, pushing you slightly. "But I guess I'm just afraid of being committed in a relationship."
I smiled, placing a hand on my hip. "It's good that you're afraid you know?" I chimed in. "It shows there's something you want to keep or protect. Besides, it could last forever. What is it they say? 'Dishes made by the one you love are made with the sweetest spice'?"
Adam groaned. "I'm stuck in a house full of shitty jokes and an ass full of vomit." He whined, rubbing his forehead dramatically. You chuckled, obviously enjoying this situation. "I am gonna die because of you two. I was hoping to fulfill a dream of mine. A dream of riding a roller coaster twenty times in two hours."
You furrowed your eyebrows. "You can die from that, dude." You bluntly informed him. "Most of your brain cells might get destroyed as well." He shrugged, not caring of what you told him.
"So how was America, Taylor?" You asked me, a mark of curiosity visible in your blue eyes. I shrugged, taking another cherry stem while meekly saying, "Boring."
"Really?" Adam chimed in. We both looked at him having a disbelief look on his face. "But what about all the hot white chicks? Come on Taylor!" I scowled, furrowing my eyebrows. He's such a pervert.
My hand subconsciously rose up, but you placed yours over it gently. I calmed down, realizing that I should get used to it. After all, it's only what Adam had become. "Sluts, prostitutes, strip clubs, yep you guessed it-motels." I bluntly answered, dripping hints of sarcasm here and there.
He smirked. "That's awesome!" I stared at him blankly. How you are friends with this pervert and how I get along with him still is beyond me. "Yo bro, we should go to the United States one day." The brunette winked.