
The blonde girl felt shivers on her back. It was silent for a few seconds; that enough told me that she was trying to find an excuse immediately. "A-Adam said that y-you'd co-come here even-tu-tually. S-So I did-dn't bother to f-find you." The green-eyed girl stammered.
My eyes lingered on her face for a short heartbeat before I turned to look at Adam once again. That jerk. The more that I hang around you guys, the more I've started to hate the Vegas boy. The said boy didn't even squirm in his seat, just took a sip from his drink.
"It's not my fault." He brushed it off with closed eyes. "You're the one who texted me. You should've figured out you texted the wrong person immediately."
I scowled. That god damn bastard must always get on my nerves, doesn't he? You hesitantly patted my right shoulder. "It's alright Tay," You tried. "Adam just grew up to be an idiot, that's all."
Sakura snorted, placing a hand over her mouth. "Sorry Sato; but in all honesty, Benj is right." The blonde girl gave him an apologetic smile. Adam sighed, not even responding to what his friend just stated. I'm guessing that he gave up.
"Well other than that." Adam changed the subject. His hazel eyes brightened up and a smirk was plastered on his face. "I have four tickets to Potasian Land, why don't we go?"
"Potasian Land?" Sakura echoed, raising an eyebrow.
"It's one of the most popular amusement parks around the air." You answered, wiping your mouth. You smiled brightly even so. "It is very fun! My family and I always went there when Tay and I were kids."
I softly grinned; I remembered how we always bugged both of our brothers if we can go. Despite the two boys appearing very annoyed, I now understand that they gave in because they want to see us happy. When both of our mothers died in that accident; it's a wonder how we're still friends.
"Really?" The blonde piped up, snapping me out of my thought. She gave out her signature smile, a mischievous twinkle in her eye. "That sounds really fun! Oh Sato, when can we go?"
"I'm afraid next Saturday." Adam informed us with a frown. "I'm going to be busy at the office this weekend so I have lots of free time next weekend."
Sakura nodded, as if she understood the problem. "It's okay." The blonde surmised. "I'm working on my latest outfit and I need about a week to finish anyway."
You shrugged, finishing the smoothie that you've been drinking. "I'm still working on my next book," You mentioned. "Being a college professor and an author is hard work."
"Wait a minute." I cut him from saying anything else. "How come I've never heard of you taking careers in the educational course? And Adam is a business man?!"
You turned to me with a surprised face. "I thought I told you," Your voice kind of squeaked. Then you coughed, clearing your throat. "Remember what Miss Lovato kept telling me when we were thirteen?"
I blinked, my mind wondering off. Now that I think about it, I must admit that it makes sense. Mr. Dawson has mentioned that you were one of his best students. In elementary, you did won the Young Authors award for three years straight.
"Anyways," You snapped your fingers to get my attention. "I'm gonna admit that it wasn't my first choice; but when I started college, I decided to become a teacher. I know it must sound stupid, but I actually want to teach our world's future. I want to guide them into making the right choices, and accepting who they are. That's what you taught me, so I want to pass it on. Also, you may know me as T.K. Woods."