
Only about one day later, I continued to work on my experiment. It is true that I have known Sakura for only a week, but I can't help but want to help her. I have gathered all the information that I've learned in Princeton with the help of online research to find out the perfect medicine.
I haven't told anyone else about the project other than Ronald, who promised to keep it a secret. If I fail, then I am nothing but scum for giving people false hope. I want to be positive about the results, so I have to keep it a secretive experiment for now.
I chuckled, realizing what I was thinking. A week ago, I would've asked myself why I was bothering to take up most of my time and energy on this stupid project. Why am I doing an experiment precisely for one stranger? Then a realization came upon me that what I'm doing is not even stupid nor was it meant for one person.
Many people around the world is diagnosed with this skin disease. About two out of ten people are born with it so the disease wasn't as rare as I thought it would be. I want to give them hope that this minor flaw will disappear.
You may be wondering why I'm taking the news into a way personal level. Well, I know that it's a fact that eczema could be tamed using lotion, cream, or any medication that a person could apply. That is a good feeling I'm guessing, people don't have to worry so much about their skin on those lucky days; but wouldn't it be better if you can get rid of it completely? Imagine what the people would feel.
I don't know why I'm suddenly feeling like this. I don't know why I suddenly have the urge to help out strangers around the world.
Despite that feeling, my project isn't dedicated only to the blonde girl any more; she's the number one reason why I'm still working on it. Even though Sakura says that she doesn't care about how she looks, I know deep down she is suffering.
That sad look on her face when I caught her little secret. The way that her eyes widened in disbelief and started to shine out of tears. The way that a cheerful girl could be beaten down over one simple trait that she didn't choose to have.
That girl...I have thought that she might've been one of the people I despise as much as I dislike Adam. I can't believe how wrong I was when I first went to her house on that one Friday afternoon. She was a disliked stranger that turned into a weird acquaintance.
Sakura had no doubt brightened up my life only a small percent, but even the small amounts count. The small amounts from you, Sakura, and even Adam combined and made my days happier by a quarter. Maybe that's why I easily called the blonde my friend when we went to the park two days ago.
I realize that I shouldn't easily judge people since they could be suffering. A beautiful face is suffering from a skin disease. That was a bit of a shock to me. There isn't much of Sakura that I actually know. I would like to know my new friend better after seeing her eyes widen at a sight of a park.
I let out a light-hearted chuckled, rubbing sweat away from my forehead. How absurd was it that I'm thinking such strange thoughts. My teenage self wouldn't have thought the same. Maybe that's how I matured?
I continued to work on the main tube, glancing at the book next to me every once in a while if I need more information. I bit my lip, tightening my high ponytail. The past week, I have slowly improved; my only problem is that I wasn't too familiar with herbs nor know how to make medicine.
Is it even legal to make medicine without the government's permission? If not, then I'm not afraid to beat everyone involved in that government until they give me permission.
The corners of my mouth subconsciously tipped upward, forming a smug smirk. It only took one blink for me to snap back to my senses. I shook my head, getting rid of the sudden thoughts. That's no doubt illegal; I'm not helping myself.