
"Oh hell yeah there is," I replied. I quickly looked up at you when you called my name quietly, immediately regretting it afterwards. The girl slapped me and tried to get free once again, but I just tightened my grip.
I turned my head sharply to the girl, students staring at us after seeing what was going on. Most of them had gasped when she hit me, knowing that they shouldn't mess with me. I was known to be violent, especially when it's about you. "Holy shit," Half of them exclaimed in unison, not believing what they saw. I slapped the girl back with as much force as I can.
"Do it again, I dare you." I challenged, my fist already raised up in the air. The girl gulped silently and nodded, slapping me again without any power. I laughed mockingly and punched the girl, falling to the ground. I was sitting on top of her, my fist flying up but then going back down as fast as a bullet.
I noticed that people gathered around me, their faces showing shock at how angry I was at the damsel below me. Now thinking about it, I don't even understand why I was so angry. I would've normally hit people once or twice before leaving; it's what I do to girls when they're being mean to you.
"What is going on here?!" Shrieked one of the professors as she tried to pry us apart, neither of us separating. "Oh! Mr. Dawson, please help me!" She shouted. I didn't care that I was going to get in trouble. I didn't care that I was feeling pain because my light brown hair was being pulled. I didn't care that my fist was covered in blood, not knowing whose blood it was.
"Break it up!" Mr. Dawson shouted, pulling us apart. I struggled in his grip, letting out weak punches to the air. I shouted, "Let me have her! Let me show that bitch what I can do! Let me go!"
Mr. Dawson dragged me to Professor Stein's office, leaving me inside. Luckily, she's a childhood friend of my mother, so I look up to her as a second mom. I sighed and sat on a chair in front of the desk, reading a manga book that I took out of my backpack.
"Taylor, you have a lot of things to discuss with me young lady!" Professor Stein warned, walking inside the office. "I don't know why you got into another fight or why you were so violent with that girl but I need you to tell me."
I tsked, crossing my arms. "What? No 'hi' or hello'? How mean, Sandra. Did you know that Ronald's birthday's coming up? We're having a celebration on Saturday."
"Yes, I know, Taylor." The female in front of me sighed. Then she started begging, her brown eyes dulling. "I need you to tell me why you were so angry at that girl. Can you do that for me Taylor? Can you please tell me that at least?"
"She called Ben a faggot." I simply stated. Then I squirmed uncomfortably in my seat when I know I have to explain. "I can't handle the face she's joking that he is."
Sandra smiled, patting my shoulder. "Taylor, the right way to handle things would have been to speak to her about it, not use violence. Violence does not solve everything." She rubbed my arm.
I pouted, gently shrugging her hand off of my shoulder. "True, but it solved that problem, didn't it?" I tried to convince her. "Besides, if I spoke to her about it then she would've told the whole world that mahal ko si Ben! I don't want a rumor to happen now, do I? How many detentions do I have?"
Sandra laughed. "None," She answered. My eyes widened, both in confusion and happiness. "Don't tell anyone though. It's our little secret, alright? Now go home, I need to speak to the other little girl involved in this."