
The next morning, I have done absolutely nothing. I wasn't sure how I could face you after what had happened the day before. I had just lost control of myself and I wasn't in my right thought.
I looked up at your face for a brief second yesterday. I don't ever see that look ever again. The hurt visible in your eyes, your eyebrows furrowed, your whole face screamed disappointment. I sighed, deciding to dress up in a white dress for the day.
"Hey, where are you going?" Ronald asked me, seeing that I was wearing a dress. I ignored my older cousin, just continuing to walk forward. I bet that I looked like a zombie to whoever saw me, but a girl can't help being tired.
As I walked outside, barefoot, I kept walking where my feet told me to. I was still half asleep, so I really didn't care where I was heading. Cars zoomed by, and the noises of tricycles didn't startle me. I stayed on the side, walking slowly to who knows where?
I saw huge trees surrounding a chunk of area so I carelessly walked towards them. I followed a dirt path, so that way I wouldn't step onto the thorns and such. It was dark in that forest, so happiness came to me when I saw the light.
I stopped, yawning suddenly. I felt the softness on my feet so I looked down, seeing that I was standing on a patch of grass. My brown eyes snapped open, realizing that I was at a meadow. It wasn't a normal meadow though. This was where we used to hang out most of the time as kids.
Do you remember? If you don't, then you don't have to be sorry. We were only nine years old with Lauren and Jeff babysitting us. They were taking us out to a spot and we just followed them around carelessly.
We went inside a forest, so I held onto your hand tightly so I wouldn't get lost. I could tell that you were scared as well as your hand was shaking, but I admired that you tried to stay brave for my sake. You grabbed onto Jeff's
"Welcome back to our family's meadow," Lauren smiled, extending her arms when we had reached this place. The dark haired girl spun around, the wind circling around her torso. Do you remember the looks on our faces as we stared at the meadow?
The first time we went there was fall, so coming to the meadow the next year when it was spring was a great experience. Do you remember how we made this our special little place?
I walked forward, enjoying the open area. The wind brushed against my face, my brown eyes closing to take in the fresh smell of flowers. Dandelions; my favorite flower. I extended my arms, spinning around.
It reminded how Lauren reacted this way when I first stepped foot into this area. I giggled, falling on my back. I felt the softness of the green grass touch my bare skin, my eyes looking up at the clouds. Do you remember that we used to watch the clouds as kids?
You'd point out what a cloud looks like and I'd argue because I saw different. Even though I was the only one arguing, you kept quiet and let me rant. I think I didn't thank you for that yet; sorry.
My light brown hair spread behind my body, I closed my eyes. "You stood by me, through the hardest times, you gave me everything; you were my solid ground." I sung quietly.
"You picked me up, when I was down; and you were there when there was no one else around. No I'm not turning my back on you; there's just something I gotta do." Someone sang, his voice sounding so perfect for the song.
I faced my right-where I heard the person singing, opening my brown eyes. You were sitting there, your hands inside your purple pants pockets. I raised an eyebrow. "Hey," You greeted like nothing was wrong.
"Hey?" I repeated, my face giving off a shock expression. "That's all you have to say after yesterday?" You shrugged, not seeing what the big deal is. "But I injured you!"