
You looked at my arm with a frown, seeing that it was shaking from holding all my cousin's items. "If you're tired, then stop. You wouldn't want to hurt your arm. It would be a shame, wouldn't it?" You chuckled, holding out a hand. "My name's Benjamin."
Even though I was told not to talk to strangers, I didn't hesitate to take your hand. "Taylor." I introduced, my brown eyes shining. Then looking at you more closely, I realized why you looked so familiar. I opened my mouth to speak but my brother-Ray interrupted me, "Are you guys the Swifts?"
We looked to the right simultaneously, seeing Ray raise an eyebrow as he talked to Jeff. Your brother nodded, holding out his hand towards my brother. "Yes, Jeff Swift. You must be a member of the Rush family. I saw you moved in to the house next door yesterday."
"Ray Rush," My brother introduced with a blank face. He must be angry because he got in second place after Bryan. You and I both know that a 23 year old being beaten by a nine year old must be embarrassing.
I gasped. "That's why you look familiar!" I exclaimed, jumping up and down. You laughed, feeling a little jumpy as well. My brother glared at me, telling me to shut up. I closed my mouth after yelping and hiding behind your shorter body. I remember that I loved being taller than you.
"So we're neighbors?" You asked Jeff who nodded as an answer. "Horray!" You cheered, turning to look at me. "I have a playmate!" I giggled, smiling at the boy with crooked teeth cheer. I haven't noticed something until my other cousin Luisa pointed out, "Meron ikaw boyfriend, na?" She teased.
I was going to question why she thought that I now have a boyfriend until I saw that we were still holding hands. I noted that we both turned a bright red, letting go of each other's hands immediately. Can I blame you? Not really.
Since that day, we became best friends. You had invited me over to your house and I remember that Adam was teaching us how to play baseball. I was happy, I really was when I caught the ball after a handful of fails. You were the reason why I was happy. The next day, Ray bought a rabbit. I wouldn't let Bugs down when I first saw him. You came over to my house that time and cooed over how cute he is. You were gentle when you touched his nose.
My heart flutters when I think of those two precious moments. You and I were the ultimate partners in crimes in our neighborhood. Everyone just stops and smiles when they saw us hanging out together. We always had big smiles on our faces, even when I invited you to my lame tea party with my stuffed animals. We were only eleven years old that time.
Then when we were only twelve was when the biggest mistake of my life happened. Not because that's why you starting questioning your gender, but because of what happened next. You wore nail polish to school because I begged you, you got teased. I always got angry, getting into a lot of fights when they teased you. You always got angry at me when you found out that I was sent to the office once again.
"Hey Faggot!" A girl screamed at the end of the school day, rushing towards you. I stopped in my tracks, glaring at the brunette as she stopped in front of you. "I've been looking for you all day! I thought that we can play dress up, since you swing that way." She mocked, batting her eyelashes.
"Oh no she doesn't," I growled, stomping towards you two. I suddenly paused, wondering what you're going to do. You said nothing, just stared at her. I narrowed my eyes when I stomped towards you once again, not caring who I ran over. I grab the girl's shirt when I reached you two, pulling her away from you.
"What did you call him?" I clenched my jaw as my hand tightened on the girl's shirt. The girl frowned at me, struggling to get out of my grasp. She snapped back, "Faggot, duh. Is there something wrong with that?"