
"Hey, how are you doing?" Ray knocked on the door. He entered with me answering, so I just turned around from my chemistry lab. His brown eyes widened; my older brother nodded in approval at the sight of my work area-which is the basement.
"I'm doing okay," I meekly reply, wiping more sweat off my face. "I'm currently busy so please don't make much of a disturbance." It feels weird that this is how I would be talking to my brother; at the heat of the moment, I have no choice but act as a professional citizen.
"What are you working on?" He asked, walking closer. His face was contorted into the exact image of confusion; that is, if confusion does become a human being. I smiled faintly, returning back to my work.
My brother and I might not have been that tight, but he's still my family. I know that I could trust him to keep it a secret as well. I merely answered, "I'm working on finding a medicine for a disease-such as eczema. Please don't tell anyone about this little experiment."
Ray shuffled around the room and I heard him stop from behind me. "So you're working as a scientist now?" He inquired. I shook my head, not saying any words. "Then why are you-"
"I'm trying to find a cure to help out this poor girl with eczema." I interrupted him with a soft tone. My brown eyes dulled as I poured chemicals in my main tube. "She had it ever since she was a kid and I don't want her to be judged for her appearance. I want to help; and this is the best that I got."
"Why do you care so much for this girl anyway?" My older brother asked. I looked at him from the corner of my eye, seeing that he picked up a book from my small library at the corner. "I doubt you actually care, you're just willing to do anything to get a story out of her."
I frowned, hating that my own brother would think lowly of me. "Of course I care," I furrowed my eyebrows, keeping that scowl visible on my face. "Sakura, along with other people around the world, is suffering because of this disease."
I let out a small grin, showing my slightly stained teeth. "Sakura is a very close acquaintance, why wouldn't I care about her?" I ask him rhetorically. "If I can help her, then there's no doubt I would try my best to assist her on taming this skin disease."
I looked back down, hearing Ray put back the back where he found it. I flipped two pages after I finished the last paragraph on page one hundred seventy two and started reading. "Sakura? Didn't you meet her only last week?" My brother recalled.
"Well yeah," I shrugged, adding a little chuckle. I tucked one of my loose light brown hair strands behind my ear before continuing. "But still, she has become one of my friends so I can't help but want to help her out like this."
I added another chemical in the main test tube and moved my head back as it exploded slightly. I smiled, seeing as the smoke was green. That has got to be a good sign. "Anyways." I changed the subject, reading the next paragraph of the book. "After I have figured out a cure for eczema, then I may or may not move on to other projects."
"What do you mean?" Ray questioned. I laughed, closing my eyes. I fixed my goggles back onto where it fits comfortable before I finally showed my brown pupils again.
"I can't help but feel like I'm the older sibling right now." I snorted, feeling a little silly about the situation. Normally, the younger brat would be asking his older sibling what he's doing. Looks like the tables have turned. Deciding to answer, I only told him the follow words:
"Well, I might hate doing anything that could seem meaningless and would take up useful time. But I continued with this project so I can't help but want to finish it. Knowing that there are other people suffering from diseases like cancer or AIDS, I want to give them hope that there's a cure somewhere."