
Yes, I admitted that I was afraid of getting replaced without saying the exact words. You were always there for me and I couldn't think of a life to live without you there with me. I was afraid that I'm just another person you know before you find your soulmate. That was what I had been dreading since you told me that you were questioning your gender. That you'll find somebody far more important than me.
The woman was shortly arrested so the school let us go home for the day. When Sandra told every parent what she did to a student-she even told them that it was me-they shot me sympathetic looks. I looked away, you still holding my waist to comfort me. So happily, my brother realized what was truly important. He grew concerned over my safety ever since that day. Ray apologized for his behavior so I guess that our bond is stronger than before.
That made me think that we represent something, light and shadow.  Ben, you're my light. You shine so brightly that sometimes I have to look away. But even so, why would you stay by my side? Then I remember what my mother had told me when I was just a little girl. Where there is light, there must be shadow, where there is shadow there must be light. There is no shadow without light, and no light without shadow.
Next year, I found out that I was accepted to Princeton University in America. I was only fourteen years old so there's no reason why I shouldn't be nervous. I have my mother's brains so it wasn't a shocker to my family. The only thing is, I couldn't say goodbye in time.
You had a family event the next day which includes ping pong, so I didn't want to bother that fun day for you. It was also the day that I left so I couldn't imagine the hurt you felt when you found out about my disappearance. Let me take this page to tell you that I am so sorry. Before you told me about the family event, I was planning to confess the feelings I have for you. So when I sat on the plane, I couldn't help but write a little poem.
So many stories
Where best friends fall in love
But will that happen
When moving is involved?
One has so many fears
What if something goes wrong?
Then the two would split apart
And the one can't be saved since she's too far gone.
I have been meaning to give that to you through text, but I had to focus on my studies. Yes, I have noticed the little texts that you sent me but I couldn't answer. I was either in class or jet lagged because of exhaustion. Now that I was back home, I couldn't help but think what would've happened.
We had promised each other that we won't replace the other but was that a stupid fantasy. Do you really think there are people who are irreplaceable? Maybe people who leave you aren't meant to be in your life from the start. But still, would we be together? Would you still turn gay? Is it true love or a cruel twist of fate?
You must be laughing, thinking that I'm delusional for speaking like that. I can't blame you really. The whole time I was back home, we haven't spoken that much. You probably forgotten who I was; I was the only one stealing glances at the other.
So this is why I need you to remember. With the little fantasies I have in my head. This is the only way I can tell you how I truly feel on the inside. So this is my story, of the little imagines I have in my head since the day I came back.