
"not as beautiful as you baby girl" he says grabbing my chin and kissing me.
"PDA!" sammy yells right near our faces. it scares the shit out of me and jack , and i bite his lip.
i thought that fucker was asleep.
"ow!" he says. "oh my god babe i am so sorry!" i say. "no, no, its alright , im fine, its just a little bit of blood" he says.
i glare sammy, giving him a look saying "you better run for your fucking life".
"oh shit!" he says. he jumps out of the car and runs in the house.
i follow him in and see everybody either in the living room or in the kitchen cooking.
i see other people, but dont pay attention.
"SAMMY FREAKING WILKINSIN YOU ARE SO DEAD!" i yell trying to get to him.
he was on one side of the table and i was on the other. he laughs cause i cant get to him.
"woah woah!, whats going on!" my mom says laughing.
"sammy made me bite jacks lip!" i say. "how did he do that" she says laughing. "i scared the crap out of her" sammy says smirking.
"ha ha very funny Samuel" i say smirking. he glares.
"alright alright yall too , quit fighting and go get your crap and put it up" sams mom says.
we huff. "fine" we say. we both start walking out with him in front of me. i step on the back of his shoe, he whips around and glares. i laugh.
we go outside and grab our bags, i see that jj and tristen FINALLY woke up and are grabbing their bags.
i grab my suitcases and roll them to the front door. i dont see the new people in the living room anymore. huh?
i drag my crap upstairs and go to the room i stay in when we come here.
i start unpacking, and here a bunch of foosteps , then i hear "samuel wilkinson!" i hear tristen yell.
"hey babe arent you gonna stay with me in my room?" jack asks standing at my door way.
"uh...i guess if you dont mind" i say. "of course i dont , come on baby girl lets unpack, our moms are making lunch, and its almost done!"he says.
i laugh at how excited he gets over food.
after were done packing and putting away, we head downstairs.
i feel arms wrap around my waist as im about to step off the last step and , jacks starts spinning me around. i giggle.
"jack put me down!" i say whacking his arm playfully. he sets me down and holds onto my waist, and we walk hugging eachother to the kitchen.
"yall are so cute!" some lady says. "umm...thank you¿" i say . "you dont know who i am?" the lady asks. i think....and then...
no, no, no, no NO! this cant be.....
"your......
A/n: Hey Lovelys! who do you think that lady is?Comment! Love you! Bye Sweet Thangs!