
Suddenly, my night gown was ripped off from my body. I screamed, immediately covering my chest. You are probably thinking, why would a flat-chested girl cover her own chest? Well, I'm very self-conscious okay?! Anyways, Lauren shushed me. Then I felt cloth over my bare skin; I sighed out of relief. Then I felt her take off my underwear; I blushed as cool air hit you know. Then my lower body was covered up by what feels like pants.
Lauren pushed me down on the bed, covering my feet with fabric-socks. Then she slipped on shoes afterwards, grunting because it was tight against my skin. Then I sat up on her bed, the blindfold being untied. "Don't you dare open your eyes." Lauren warned taking it off my face, but my eyes remained shut.
Suddenly, I giggled when something soft hit my face. Then my mouth opened. "Are you putting make up on me?!" I exclaimed. "Lauren, I'm all natural!" Before I can continue ranting, she shoved a lollipop in my mouth. I grumbled until I licked it, brightening up because it's cherry flavored.
I stayed quiet as she did my face, only pouting when the lollipop was taken out of my mouth. She applied lipstick or lip gloss before inserting the candy back in my mouth. Lauren chuckled, clapping her hands. "All done!" She cheered.
I slowly opened my eyes, seeing a mirror in front of my face. This girl...she has my body but I couldn't even recognize her. I stood up, looking at the mirror on the wall. Gray tank top, ripped black jeans, and black rocker boots. Then Lauren gave me a red and black plaid cardigan.
"Rocking it, rocker girl." Lauren teased, punching my shoulder playfully. I smiled, walking towards the door. I hesitantly opened the door and saw you with another boy with both of your backs turned. "Hey guys," I greeted.
One boy turned around immediately, staring at me with wide hazel eyes. "No way," He smirked. I gulped, realizing that he was the boy who suggested going to a strip club yesterday. "Who's the hot chick?"
I heard you hum in confusion before turning around. "What do y-" You stopped talking at the sight of me. I grew shy, clasping my hands together. You spat out water from your mouth, causing me to giggle shyly. "No way, what did Ate Lauren do to you, Tay?"
"Holy shit Taylor?!" The other boy exclaimed. You nodded, retorting, "Who did you think she was, Adam?" I raised an eyebrow. That's Adam? Man, he grew up to be a douche. Adam shrugged, patting your back.
"Taylor became hot, lover boy." Adam winked. I raised an eyebrow. Great, our old friend is flirting with me unintentionally. Should I feel flattered or disgusted? By the way you're looking at him, I guess disgusted.
"Nice to see you again, Addie." I smirked, using his childhood nickname. Then he smirked back, walking up towards me and patting my shoulder. He flashed me his teeth. "Nice to see you Sunshine. By the way, I go by my Japanese name that they had gave me, Satoru."
"Satoru? Doesn't that mean 'management' in Japanese?" I asked him. He nodded, but kept his cheeky grin on. I pursed my lips, placing a hand on my hips. You have been quiet all this time so it's no surprise that I was confused. As kids, you were one who never shuts up.
"By the way, Sakura finally gave you a birthday poem for yesterday." You finally informed him after a few quick seconds. That caught Adam's attention for he quickly turned to you. "You want to hear it? Alright then.
S is for your sadist ways that drive me up the wall
A is for your asshole smirk that truly does appall
T is for the trust issues you use as your excuse
O is for the 'Oh, hell no!' I scream at your abuse