
i sau goodbye to everybody and then they leave, saying bye to my parents was hard.
i look at michael. "bye beautiful, ill see what i can do to see you ok?" he says. i nodd tears falling. he wipes them away. "im gonna miss you beautiful" he says hugging me. "im gonna miss you too" i say.
"okay i have to go now bye " i say pulling away.
we pull apart and he walks away "call me when you get there!" he shouts. i give him a thumbs up.  i hug everybody else, and we board the plane.
"please turn off all devices, for the plane will now take off" the flight attendant.
i turn my phone off, and lay my head back.
"you ok?" jack says. why is he talking to me, just because i talked to him at the party doesnt mean i forgive him. "im fine"
-Getting Off The Plane-
after going through security and stuff we had to find a man with the sign that said "magcon".
we looked for like 5 minutes, and we saw the guy and walked up to him.
"we are hear for magcon" i say. "ok the limo is outside, they will take you to the hotel where all the guys are at" he says. i nod and we go.
we get in the limo and head to the hotel._________________"excuse me mam where is the people for magcon staying?" i ask. "we cant hand out that kind of info" she said. "we are here for magcon, we are in the show" i say.
"ok names?" we tell her our names and she gives us our room keys, im rooming with jack...wow! just great! sammy is with tristen, and jj is with taylor caniff.
we walk to the top floor and look for our rooms. i heard the whole top floor is reserved for us, thats cool.
i find me and jacks room and we go in. "this is nice!" jack says. i dont say anything, "where is everyone else?" he asks. i just ignore him.
"what the hell bri!" jack says."what the hell jack!"i mock him. "whats your problem?! why are you ignoring me?" he said.
"are you seriously going to fucking ask that! jack i havent been talking to you since we fucking broke up!" i say.
"you talked to me at the halloween party!" he said.
"i was having a good time, i didnt want drama !"i said. "so you were faking it!" he says.
"yeah! who cares! " i say. "i do sabrina, i fucking care!" he yells.
"WHY DO YOU CARE SO FUCKING MUCH JACK?!?!" i yell louder, getting more pissed off.
"I CARE SO FUCKING MUCH BECAUSE...." he yells then stops.
"WHY DO YOU CARE SO FUCKING MUCH?!" I yell.
"IM STILL IN LOVE WITH YOU!" he yells. "im....i-im still fucking...in love with you"
A/n: Hey Lovelys! oh shit..........