
(Sabrinas Pov)i woke up to jack not next to me. oh wait, he has basketball practice. thank god its Friday.
i get up brush my teeth and go take a shower. i get out put a robe on dry my hair.
i dont cover the bruise.
i put on (the outfit above). i grab my bag,phone,keys,wallet, and head downstairs.
i grab my water, and take off to the girls house.
when i get there i honk my horn and they come out, i just keep my head down.
"sabrina what the fuck is on your face?!?" tristen yells.
"oh my god sabrina!" Meghan yells. they get in the car and keep asking what happened.
i got annoyed and snapped. "WHY DONT YOU ASK COLE?!?" they stayed quiet. i started the car and took off to school.
(Jacks Pov)
i wake up to see im still in sabrinas bed. i look at the time and its .....5:45!
oh shit, i have practice at 6:00! i still gotta pick up the boys.
i leave her my hoodie and kiss her forehead before taking off out the door.
when i got home and got extra clothes and changed into my basketball clothes, i grabbed my backpack and gym bag then head to sammys house.
i honk the horn and he comes out, then we take off to johnsons and we do the same thing.
"hey , whats up with you jack? you look stressed or something?" sammy ask.
i rub my hands through my hair and sigh. "guys last night at the party.....did yall see sabrina go upstairs with cole?" i ask
they both say 'no'. "she called me at 1:00 in the morning crying, because cole tried to have sex with her, well he was forcing her but she got away. she told him she didnt want to he slapped her hard, she tried to run away, he slapped her, and she was crying so he slapped her" i said getting angry gripping on to the steering wheel. my knuckles turning white.
"HE WHAT!" sammy yelled. "im going to fucking beat the shit out of him!"
"SAMMY!" "WHAT!" "as much as i would LOVE to hurt him, sabrina said not to , it will just make things worse!" i said.
"yeah and you could get kicked off the team sam" jj said.
he nods his head. we finally pull up to the school and head towards the gym.
"hey boys!" my coach yells from across the gym. that caught some of the guys attention and one of the guys was the dick himself.
"hey coach, sorry for not coming here early i over slept" i said "ahh! its alright son" he said smiling. "go put up your stuff and you can start your drills" i forgot to mention i am the captain of the b-ball team.
me, sammy, and jj went to go put our stuff up because we has our jerseys and stuff at home.
"its gonna be hard not smashing coles face in during practice " i say
"yeah same i am just glad bri got away" sammy said.
"is her cheek really bad?" jj asks
"horrible , it hurt ME just to LOOK at her " i say slamming my locker.
"hey bro chill, practice will be over before you know it" jj says, i run my hands through my hair and nod.
"ok lets go boys" i say. we walk out of the locker room and when we get in the gym cole was talking to the guys and they were laughing.