
I took a deep breath, closing my eyes to rest for a few heartbeats. I turned to another page, where I saw examples of rashes that eczema can cause. "I don't have a job yet." I reminded Ray. "So I have to be useful somehow. I really want the ill to get better and actually know what it's like to live without all their worries. If I could see at least one person smile because they're healed, then that's good enough for me."
Ray stayed silent. My body tensed up when his hand was suddenly on top of my head. I looked up at my brother with wide brown eyes; Ray never showed this much affection towards me in a long time. He was smiling at me, a gesture that I almost had forgotten.
"You have matured into a great woman." Ray smiled wider, leaning closer. I closed my eyes out of instinct, not daring to open them as something wet touched my forehead. My brother just kissed my forehead.
I know that may not seem much, but it actually means a lot to me. He started to despise me because of all the troubles that I've caused as a kid. All those fights made him more disappointed in me. Seeing him smile and show affection towards me is one of the treasured moments I have.
Those moments are very special to me. The way his cheeks would curl up when he smiles, his similar brown eyes as mine would brighten up if something wonderful happened. How his cheeks would be seen as a bit chubbier than normal. That's the one rare face I have always wanted to see. I have never felt more accomplished than this very moment.
I opened my eyes the same time that Ray pulled away. He kept a smile on even when he turned around to leave. "Mom would've been proud." He chuckled, making me smile for two different reasons.
Even so, I guess that this is how people know that I'm my mother's daughter. I've worked hard to make her proud. All those fights as I was just a young girl; all that trouble that I caused my family, I'm so glad...I'm so glad that it's finally changing for the better.
It was now a day before the weekend, no doubt that students must be happy right now. Unless they get weekend homework, that would suck. Anyway, I decided to take a break from the experiment.
The next morning, I just threw myself casual clothing. I walked out of my house as usual, eating a banana as my breakfast. I looked to the left, seeing that someone is getting out of the house.
"Wow," I sighed in amazement, walking towards you. You seem to have notice the sounds of my footsteps for you turned to your right. I smirked, finishing the last bit of my banana before crossing my arms. "Nice to meet you Professor Swift."
You blushed, scratching the back of your dark hair. You were wearing a gray suit fixed up with a red tie. It was a bit more formal than what I'd expect you to wear. "I don't look stupid, right?" You sort of stuttered.
I shook my head, punching your left shoulder playfully. "You look so feminine," I stuck my tongue on, adding a little wink. "But that isn't such a bad thing."
You chuckled. I watched you as your eyes squinted slightly, your hair flying a few centimeters back from the low wind hitting us. Your cheeks tinted a ghostly red, your forehead shone showing a bit of sweat. "Is that so?" You puzzled.
I nodded, giving you a huge smile. You opened your eyes fully, showing off the bright blue. I was jealous, wishing that my eyes could have gotten that mutation. It's not normal for Filipinos to have colored eyes.
That smile faltered however, when another person came out of your house. A person who is also wearing a suit, except he had a blue tie instead of red. Adam scratched his brown hair, making it a bit messier than it usually is. He looked up at me, his face giving off a scowl. "What are you still doing here?" I emphasized. "Shouldn't you be back to your broken down home?"