
The green-eyed girl exited the car, slamming the door gently behind her. I did the same movements, staring up at the house in amazement. "Nice house." I complimented.
"Thanks!" She beamed, walking around the car; Sakura took my hand and we ran towards the entrance. The blonde girl took out her keys and unlocked the white door, opening a screen door behind it as well.
"I'm home!"
"Sakura?" I heard a male voice coming from another side of the house. A head peeked around the corner of a wall, so I see that he had dark hair and a bit of a baby face. His brown eyes trailed off from the girl beside me and landed on me. "Ah, you brought a guess."
Not knowing how to react, I bowed down politely. "Hello sir, I-I am Taylor Rush." I introduced myself quickly, my voice cracking every once in a while. I heard the man laughing as I stood up straight.
"No need to be formal," the man chuckled. I was taken aback at his heavy accent; the Japanese man scratched the back of his head and walked out of the corner. He was tall, seeming to be at least six feet. "My name is Sora de Amoir," He held out his hand.
I hesitantly took it, trying to avoid his hazel eyes. "He's my papa!" Sakura bounced. Suddenly, a beautiful woman came walking down from the stairs. She noticed my presence and raised an eyebrow, "Meron tayo visita?"
I took in her appearance; the woman had blonde hair and forest green eyes, her face sort of heart-shaped. That's when I looked at the three when Mr. de Amoir and Sakura went to the woman. "Momma, this is Taylor Rush!" Sakura introduced cheerfully.
"Ohayo Daisy," Mr. de Amoir kissed his wife's cheek. I got a closer look at Sakura and looked back at her parents. She has her father's eyes, but her eye color was a perfect mix between the two de Amoir's. Her face shape was round as her father but she has her mother's chin. Her nose was shaped like her mother, but the tip was pointy like her father's. She obviously has a mix of both of her parent's hair color. Sakura has a pale skin, so that must've been from her mother. I sent a ghost of a smile towards the family; a perfect combination.
"Oh hello, Taylor, dear." Mrs. de Amoir smiled. I held out my hand to make acquaintance with her; but the woman pulled me in for a hug instead. I was caught by surprise, not expecting the older female to be this casual. "My name is Daisy de Amoir, mother of Sakura here."
She pulled back, her pink lips fully plump as she flashed me bright white teeth. "Nice to meet you Mrs. de Amoir." I nodded in acknowledgement. Mrs. de Amoir merely chuckled, moving her blonde side bangs out of her eyes.
"Please, just call me Daisy." She told me. "Any friend of Cherry here is my friend as well." My eyes widened at the name Cherry. Noticing my face, Daisy just giggled. "I call Sakura, Cherry, dear. Not to be confused with the plant."
My face calmed down, feeling a bit disappointed. Although, now I know that Sakura has gotten her mother's personality. "Momma, we're gonna go to my room!" Sakura informed her mother, grabbing my left wrist.
"Alright dear, have fun." Daisy shone, letting go of my small body. Sakura gave her a bright smile in return, dragging me up the stairs. I stumbled a little on the first steps by surprise, but regained my balance as I followed the blonde in front of me.
We soon reached a hall of rooms; Sakura opened the second door to the right. It was a white door-but the poster of Five Seconds of Summer and Megan Nicole made it obvious that it belonged to the child of the family.
I entered the girl's room, my eyes immediately taking note of my surroundings. White carpet touched the bottom of my feet, feeling soft as I curled my toes. The pink walls covered in posters of K-pop stars and regular pop stars or bands caught my attention.