
What is a girl to do when they look at you? The exact question that I ask myself when I first saw you after six years. Other than that, what exactly does someone say to a person after six years? Maybe "Hi stranger, long time no see" or "Wow, you changed?" I must admit that I was surprised when I saw your dark hair-dyed blonde. Your piercing blue eyes was focused on another.
That's when I realized; I was too late. You were looking at Glen, another family friend. Just when I was going to confess my feelings, I had to leave. Knowing that you have been questioning your sexuality years before, I had been holding back. I blinked when you glanced in my direction, looking away as I closed the door of my brother's car.
I remember that I blinked away my tears when I reached the door. I let out a big smile when my family noticed that I was here. "Taylor!" They exclaimed one by one. The next thing I know, I was tackled by hugs. I laughed off the sadness I was feeling when I hugged them back. "It's good to see you," the oldest cousin, Ronald, ruffled my hair.
"You know, Ben missed you," Kate, the youngest as she's only nine years old, winked at me. I blushed when she mentioned your name and when everyone at the household wolf howled. "Did you see him yet?" She questioned, blinking innocently.
I hung my head in shame, feeling bad that I was sad that you changed. "Yeah, I saw her." I mumbled, emphasizing her. I let Kate down, walking deeper into the house. I felt their eyes burning into my back so I just walked into the room that I was staying in.
Ben, that's your name. Ben, that's the name of my childhood friend. I remember the feeling in my chest when we were talking together, only that I was the oblivious one. I had denied your feelings subconsciously ever since we had met. Do you remember that?
We were seven year olds-well, you were turning eight. My family had taken me to a sports center to play bowling and my brown eyes immediately looked in your direction. My first thoughts of you were, "he's cute." My family played two matches of bowling while I held their items as I read a book. Even so, I keep stealing glances at your way; I look away as soon as we made eye contact.
You were at that place with your two brothers and a friend that's our age. They were playing ping pong. I keep looking back at my seat to see you looking down at your brother's phone or watching my cousins as they play. I blinked when your beautiful blue eyes had caught mine and looked away after a quick heartbeat.
It had been a while before you started playing ping pong. I tried to act natural, my eyes switching back to look at my family bowling and you playing against your oldest brother-Jeff and your friend Adam. I stood up from my seat, leaning against the wall so I can get a better view. You looked very familiar to me, but I wasn't sure if I was just imagining things as I watched you play against your brother. You weren't that good when we were kids, I must admit. Haha, you actually sucked.
After another ten minutes, I caught you clutching your left shoulder. That made me think, "He must be tired." My thoughts turned into a fact when you missed the white ball coming your way, managing to hit my left forearm. Your blue eyes widened because I started rubbing it. It was a fast ball, so that stung for someone my age that time.
You ran over to me when you saw me picking up the ball. "I'm sorry," You apologized, ignoring the fact that one of cousins-Bryan was laughing at me. I shook my head with a small smile, handing you the ping pong ball. "It's 'kay." I bubbled, handing you the ball back. "You're good! Your kuya sucks."
Yeah, looking back I realize that it's a lie; but I believed it was true one hundred percent. You gave me a cheeky grin, showing me that you had lost another of your baby teeth. "Thanks."