
You clapped your hands together. "Welcome back class," You declared loud and proud. "Welcome to English 305.
You clasped your hands behind your back, your eyes roaming around the group of students. "Now, I must question you." You cleared you throat. "How many of you want to hear me ramble as an example of public speaking?"
Most of the students' hands shot up to the air making me giggle quietly. You were no doubt a much admired person at this campus. Your eyes widened at how many hands were raised so you placed a hand over your heart. "So touching." You wiped away a fake tear. That made me along with some other students laugh. "But sadly, you won't get what you want today."
Some of the students started whispering to one another with confused looks. Seriously? Am I just a phantom to them or is the spotlight only on you?
You forced out a cough, getting their attention again. "I have invited a guest." You extended an arm towards me, my presence finally getting acknowledged by the students. I gave them a small wave, their eyes following my every move as I walked towards you.
"This is Ms. Rush." You introduced me loud and proud. "I have invited her today so she can be an example on how one person can be during public speaking." You pushed me in front of you, making me more nervous than I was earlier.
"Um, hi?" My voice squeaked. I just sweated when a few students chuckled or even giggled. You placed a hand on my shoulder which surprised people. I looked over to you giving me a reassuring glance.
"It's alright, Taylor." You smiled microscopically. You looked at me for another heartbeat before you turned to look at the people in front of you. "Now Ms. Rush here i-"
"You can just call her Taylor!" One of the male students called out, interrupting you midsentence. You glared at the disruption which caused the male to shut his month.
"Anyways," You sighed, letting go of the building steam. "Some people speak out in public in different ways. Some people like to be prepared while others like to answer questions after a presentation. Ms. Rush here is nervous, but I know that she's better at answering questions out of the blue."
I blinked, my eyes widening in surprise. Students murmured to one another, silencing literally after a short amount of time. "So, Ms. Rush, introduce yourself." You commanded.
I nodded, giving you a grin. I closed my eyes and let out a breath before I opened them once again. "Hey," I decided to be casual. "The name's Taylor Rush, I'm only twenty years old; yes, I'm around your age as well. I dislike rudeness and I like cherries as much as I love hanging out at the meadows with a friend of mine." I turned to look at you with a smile which you ignored.
I only giggled when you turned away with a blush on your face. "A-Any que-questions?" You stammered, scratching your dark hair. Only a few hands shot up immediately. I looked around the crowd and picked a girl with a medium brown for her hair color.
"The name's Amanda by the way." She spoke as soon as I pointed at her. Her voice was interesting, a bit fast-paced and a bit high while keeping a feminine tone. "Anyways, who's this certain friend of yours?"
I smiled at her, looking at you from the corner of my eyes. I closed my eyes, feeling the tension leave my body. "Oh, he is someone that you all know well." I laughed light-heartedly. When I opened my eyes again, I was shock to see more hands were raised.
I picked on a random person. "Did you dye your hair?" He asked. I picked up a strand of hair resting on my shoulders and shook my head. "All natural." I grinned before picking more students.