
The blonde girl smiled brighter, fisting the air as her teal chair tipped over. My heart stopped for a quick half second, managing to get the girl back on balance before she could fall over. Sakura, on the other hand, wasn't fazed by what almost happened.
"Okay." I dragged the word, hesitating to follow her advice. "My name is Taylor Rush. I like meadows, cherries, and my friends. I dislike bullies, sexism, and my othe-" I paused, not knowing where the last trait came from. I shook my head, brushing the idea off. "Anyways; my dream for the future...I haven't thought about it."
Sakura groaned, flipping to another page of her sketch book. "You're so lost, Lo Lo." She teased, drawing a figure on the page. The blonde turned to me, her green eyes shining with a bright new idea. "How about this: we ask each other questions by turns, but we also have to answer that question."
"Okay?" I replied immediately, not sure what to say to the girl. "Favorite color? Mine is green."
"Fushia." The other girl replied immediately. "Fashion style? Mine is obviously floral and sweet."
I wasn't sure how to answer the question for I was not a fashion designer. I looked down at my clothes, trying to tell Sakura a summary of what I most likely wear. "Maybe just casual?"
Sakura turned and looked over my body carefully. She pursed her lips, raising an eyebrow as she stood up from her seat. I was sweating, her fierce green eyes were traveling from my chest to somewhere lower. I know we're both girls but that doesn't stop it from being weird! The blonde girl snapped her fingers, placing a hand on her hip.
"You're right!" She exclaimed, her green eyes sparkling with another new idea. "You might have a casual look, but you seem to have a cute yet dangerous style to you. Ang cute talaga yung iyong fashion style!"
I decided not to say anything; I let the blonde girl ramble as she sat back down. Not sure what to say in situations like this, I decided to wait for a minute or two before she completely stopped talking. "Anyways," She laughed nervously, sketching in her book. "Favorite outfit?"
I smiled softly, looking at Sakura. I watched the way as she stuck her tongue out slightly, furrowing her eyebrows when she concentrated on her new piece. Like an artist figuring out what to add in her latest masterpiece. I shouldn't be surprised that most of her questions must involve around clothing for the blonde girl in front of me had a passion for fashion.
Before an awkward silence could pass between us after a couple more heartbeats, I decided to answer her question. "White tank top, gray jeans, and blue-gray flats."
Sakura let out a very ghostly figure of a smile, sketching out the head of the figure. "Mine is the best work I've done." She informed me proudly, her hand smoothly drawing out rough yet elegant lines. Sakura traced over the lines, making it darker.
"Favorite accessory?" I questioned her, deciding to go along with her fashion-related questions. I looked down at my blue amulet, your face immediately appearing in my mind as I touched the gem gently.
The blonde girl saw my actions, mumbling "my Legend of Zelda necklace" under her breath. Her green eyes didn't meet mine as she asked, "Favorite flower?" Sakura lifted up her white sleeves to draw more effectively. My eyes widened, seeing her pale skin so red and there seemed to be an infection.
I grabbed her right wrist tightly, not answering the question she just asked. "Did you do this to yourself?" I demanded, my brown eyes hardening. Sakura looked down in a second, her eyes visibly widening a heartbeat later.