
~Skip to last day at the vacation house~
(Jacks Pov)
"im gonna miss this place" sabrina says zipping up her last suitcase.
"me too baby girl" i say hugging her. i kiss the top of her head and rub her back.she pulls away.
"i think we made this summer worth it!" she says. "yeah we did" i smile.
"i Mean, we had a blast, and on vine we all have at least 100,000 followers!" she says.
i laugh. she is so adorable, when she is excited.
"the only bad part is school is next week ugh!" she says falling on the bed. i laugh.
"oh! can you please come shopping with me, i need school clothes?!" she says .
"yeah baby ill go with you"i say. "thank you" she says. i wink at her.
"alright kids lets go!" our dads yelled. we get up, grab our stuff and head downstairs.___________________"babe how does this look on me?" she asks coming out of the dressing room,
i look up from my phone and my eyes go wide. "damn baby you look fine!" i say getting up. i wrap my arms around her waist and kiss her neck.
she pushes me playfully, "ok i'll get it" she says going back in the dressing room,
after paying we went to the food court and got taco bell.
"this is so fucking good!" sabrina says taking a bite of her taco.
i laugh and eat mine. "so...you ready for school in 2 days?" i ask her. she looks at me like 'are you stupid'.
i shake my head and laugh. "jack.....can i tell you something i have ONLY discussed with my parents?" she asks putting her head down.
i scoot my chair closer to her and grab her hand. "baby, of course " i say.
"i have been looking at colleges and .......all of them are out of state, and already....UCLA , Harvard, Berkley, and Rice all want me......" she says.
i release her hand. "w-what?, your not going to college here in Nebraska?" i ask.
"jack...*sighs* if something amazing happens wherew r become famous or something idk, i will go to college in Omaha....but for now....im looking at going to UCLA" she says.
"sabrina what if we dont become famous! huh! are you gonna leave me!" i say yelling a bit and standing up.
sabrina grabs my arm and pulls it. "jack! people are staring, i dont wanna talk about this here!" she says.
"then lets go to your house, i wanna talk about this!" i say grabbing my keys.
she sighs, grabs her stuff and we head to the car, lets just say it was a silent car ride.
we pulled up to her house, got inside and went to her room. her parents are downstairs, so im gonna have to keep calm.
she sits on the bed. "so....your gonna leave me" i say. "i ...i-i , jack (she stands up) i love you baby....so damn much, but i wanna go to college, my music career is important to me , you know i wanna be an official songwriter.......UCLA will get me there, and if nothing happens before i leave.....im sorry but baby im gonna go" she says
"so were gonna be done! just like that! 3 years of friendship and this relationship,your just gonna  throw it all away!" i yell getting pissed.
"JACK! why cant you be supportive! if YOU were the one leaving i would fucking miss you so much! but i still wouldnt do that, because its your damn dream!" i yell.