
"alright boys! we are going to do the same drill as last time, then we are going to do shirts vs. skin" i yell
we got in our spots and start practicing.
(this was early in the morning when he left, andrea didnt wake up till 7:00)
(Sabrinas Pov)
we got to school by 7:15 and it just opened, i decided to get here early today.
the guys were still at practice, i wanted to see jack but then......i would see cole.
i just decided to go, me and the girls got out of the car and walked towards the gym.
when we walked in , i saw the boys having a scrimmage, shirts vs skin.
"good morning ladies! How are you?" coach davidson said.
we walked up to him. "good morning coach we are good how are you?" i ask
"im doing fine, yall ladies coming to our first game of the season next monday?" he asks
"yes sir! here to support our team and our best friends, wouldnt let jack, sammy and jj down!" i say.
"thats sweet, they are very lucky to have you ladies as their friends " he said
"thank you sir" he smiles.
we walk off to the bleachers and sit down, i am so glad coach didnt notice my face.
we were watching the boys, and sammy had the ball, they haveny noticed we were here yet.
sammy turned our way and he saw us and just stood there looking at me with an anger expression.
damn it! jack must've told them. then i see adrian come steal the ball from his hands and he just lets him.
"sammy what the hell man!" jack says him and jj running up to him.
jack looks where sam is looking and sees us girls.
"hey everybody take 10" he yells, the guys walk towards the bleachers and we meet them down on the gym floor.
he hugs me and lifts me off of my feet, i giggle. he kisses my forhead. "hey how you feeling?" he asks
"umm...fine" i say fake smiling he turns my head and touches my cheek, i wince. "im sorry "he says moving his hand.
"its alright " i say . "oh my god bri your face! this worse than i thought, im gonna fucking kill h-
he started storming off but i grabbed his arm and looked at him with pleading eyes. "please dont" i say softly.
his expression softens and he pulls me in for a hug.
"im sorry this happened to you bri" he says.
"dont be, it wasnt your fault"i say
"it kind of is, i should've never left you with cole by yourself" he says. "sam its my fault for not listening to jack" i say."so, dont blame yourself"
he nods.
"we got to get back to practice, ill see you first period, alright beautiful!" jack says smiling.
i nod and blush. he pulls me in for a big bear hug and kisses my forehead.
"ok im gonna stink now having you boys hug me!" i say laughing.
"you love it!" sam yells putting his thumbs in the air with his back to me walking away. "you wish!" i yell, he flips me off. "right back at you wilk!"