
Jacks Pov
i was fast asleep when my phone started ringing.
i groaned and looked at the time....it was 1:00 in the fucking morning.
i picked up the phone.
"hello?" i say groggily .
"jack...." my eyes shoot open
on the other line i heard sabrina sobbing.
"im s-sorry j-jack i s-should've l-listened to you.........i-i'm s-so s-sorry" she said crying harder.
"sabrina where are you at?, im going to go get you!" i say getting up, putting in sweats and my hoodie. i slide my vans on and grab my keys.
"i-i dont know, i-im n-near a park a-and gas s-station"
she's down the street from coles house on 5th avenue.
"ok babe (in a friendly way) im on my way" i say getting in the car and driving off.
"j-jack p-please......hurry" she said through tears.
"im on my way".....
*End Of Phone Call*
That son of a bitch! what did he do to her!
i finally get to where she is at and get out of the car.
she looks up and her face killed me. she had tears running down her face like a waterfall and she had ...what the hell is.....
no he did not ......he fucking HIT HER! ,
i ran my hands through my hair and slammed my fists against the car.
i heard her whimper. i ran to her and picked her up , put her in the car and we drove off.
(Sabrinas Pov)
he puts his hand on my knee in a comforting way, but it made me think of cole touching me so i scooted .
he furrowed his eyebrows then anger took over him.
"what.did.he.do.to.you!" he said through gritted teeth obviously pissed.
"c-can we g-go to my h-house, m-my p-parents a-arent h-home" i say
"yeah" .....___________________when we got to my house i get out and unlock the door.
we get to my room and i sit on the bed.
"what the fuck did he do!" jack yells. i flinch.
i wipe my tears.
"um...when i got to the party he gave me a drink, and we danced then he took me upstairs. then h-he locked the d-door, i asked him why and his eyes got darker. he started coming closer and then i fell against the bed, h-he started k-kissing me and i d-didnt kiss back so he.....um, h-he s-slapped me and s-said k-kiss me bitch, and i told him i didnt want to have s-sex with him, because im a virgin and then he smirked and said t-this will be fun....he s-started unbuckling his p-pants and took off his shirt , he started ......h-he....h-he started t-touching u-up my t-thigh, when h-he got closer i pushed him off and ran for the door....but then he grabbed me and pinned me against the wall and said dont run from me bitch , then slapped me. i kneed him in the balls and ran" is say crying a little.
"that son of BITCH! IM GONNA FUCKING KILL HIM, IN GONNA KILL HIM!" he yelled pacing back and forth.
"n-no j-jack please y-you will make it w-worse" i say
he looks at me and his expression softens.
he comes near me and squats in front of me he touches my good cheek .