
Sakura's bed was near the window-opposite to where I'm standing; next to its left is a small heart-shaped bookshelf hanging on the wall. She had a white closet parallel to her bed, a desk right next to it. The desk was a mess-scattered papers over a laptop and pencils everywhere. What caught my attention though, is the mannequins set on my right.
I studied the outfits on them in complete aww. One outfit included a white lace shirt beneath a denim vest that stopped mid-back. It was wearing a loose floral skirt with a black sequined lining over peach tights that ended once I saw the bronze boots.
"Th-This is amazing!" I chuckled, a big smile on my face. I turned around, seeing the blonde girl looking at me in amusement. Sakura walked forward, stopping by my side. "Thanks," She giggled. "This is the best work I've done."
"And you're only in training?!" I gasped, looking at the outfit in amazement. If Sakura was only in training and could design outfits this cool, then I can't wait to see her work when she becomes a full designer.
Sakura nodded, tracing her fingers on the skirt's black lining. "I only have to pass a few more tests before I can become a full designer." She informed me with a smirk. "Then, I can open a store called Haru Mana; that's when I finally accomplished my true dream."
I smiled softly. I wonder how it feels like to have a goal set in your mind. Even though I went to Princeton, I'm not sure what to do in my life. People like Sakura-people who already figured it out makes me envious.
"I would come to that shop every time I see it then," I chuckled, sitting on her pink bed. "You are truly amazing, Sakura!"
The blonde girl's cheeks tinted pink as she scratched the back of her head. She laughed nervously, trying to avert contact with my eyes. "Y-You think so?" She stammered. "W-What would A-Adam think t-though?"
Seeing the way she was nervous makes me think of what kind of girl Sakura truly is. The blonde is cheerful and creative-those are the best words that describe her. Although she is kind of obsessive and easily jealous-the best words to describe her flaws.
"Adam would honestly have no interest in this." I bluntly told her, deciding to be honest instead of making up a white lie. "He is more of a party type of dude, who doesn't care at all about fashion other than dressing up nicely."
Sakura's shoulder dropped in disappointment. Her normal smiling mouth dipped down in sadness. "At least I now know an honest person." She brightened up, closing her eyes. "At least I wouldn't be fed lies by other people."
I stared at the girl as she sat on the bed next to me. "This must truly be destiny calling my name!" The blonde fisted the air. "I won't disappoint the Sakura's beautiful sign!"
I gulped, sweating at the girl. I don't know what to say because it was honestly stupid; but a smile formed on my lips. Maybe a boring girl needs a cherry blossom every other spring.