
"Then who is she?" The blonde sputtered out with frustration. "Why else would another girl other than Lauren be here?!"
Seeing how she was distracted which made her loosen her grip, I flipped myself over; I smacked her in the process. I kneed her stomach, rolling backwards before ending up in a crouch position. "I'm Taylor Rush, remember the name," I glared, standing up.
"Of course she would be here; Tay's a childhood friend of mine." You trailed off, letting go of Sakura's arm. The said girl, who's holding her stomach in pain, looked up at me in surprised. "You're Benny's girlfriend?"
I blushed, shaking my head. "U-uh..." I couldn't find the right words to say. Sensing my distress, Adam filled in for me, "Yes she is. Taylor here is just too afraid to admit it."
I narrowed my eyes at the brunette, who shrugged in return. "Oh my god." I saw the girl's hands cover her mouth. She pulled out of the guys' grip and ran over to me, pulling me into a tight embrace. "I'm so sorry! I assumed that you're here because of Adam and...and..."
I awkwardly patted her back, shushing her. "I-It's okay." I stuttered, not knowing what to say. After all, what would you say to a stranger who's apologizing to you? Sakura pulled away with a crooked smile.
The girl stood up, before she outstretched her hand. "Sakura de Amoir," She introduced herself. "Quarter Japanese, the girlfriend of Adam Vegas, and a designer in training." I hesitantly took her hand, being pulled up to my feet.
Now that I got a better look at her, she has a small dimple when she smiles at the center of her right cheek. She was only a few inches-maybe two inches shorter than me. "Taylor Rush." I greeted.
Sakura's eyes trailed off mine, slowly landing on my chest. I grew red, feeling a bit self-conscious. "You have a cherry blossom on your top..." She observed, placing a finger on my left boob; that's why my face grew redder.
She looked up and gave me a cheeky grin. "That means the gods must've destined us to meet on this very day!" The blonde girl beamed, bouncing up and down. I deadpanned at the girl, gods?
"S-Sorry." Sakura calmed down, finally standing on her own two feet again. "I am very interested to horoscopes and mythology you see, so I may get overly excited when I see things that seem like signs or stuff like that."
I nodded, finally understanding why her personality all of a sudden changed. "I guess I get it." I murmured. Sakura ignored the tone of my voice and continued to smile brightly. She grabbed my other hand, flashing me her white teeth. Well Sakura is obviously a cheerful but overly jealous girl.
"That sudden mood swing," Lauren whistled, placing a hand on her hip. My eyebrow twitched at the sight of what she was wearing. A fishnet over her black bra and short black shorts. Very edgy..."What are you doing here anyway, Blondie?"
Sakura paid no attention at how harsh Lauren called her Blondie but turned around with a side grin. "Isn't it obvious? I'm here to see Sato-Addie!" The blonde stated before turning back to me. "Come on, Lo Lo, it's been a while since I hung out with a girl!"
She grabbed my right wrist, turning around and running towards the door. Since the girl has a tight grip, I had no choice to follow her. I casted a look at you but you only gave me a thumbs up. I groaned, not wanting to deal with a chirpy girl.
We entered a white car, Sakura telling the driver to take us to her house. I gulped as her green eyes met mine. "So, Taylor, tell me about yourself." She flashed a grin, making me more nervous. "School, hobbies, everything!""Uh..." I trailed off, not knowing how to answer. I just met this girl; does she expect me to trust her right away? She sighed, shaking her head while keeping a smile on her face. "Just kidding," Sakura winked. "I'm not gonna force you to tell me anything you don't want to."