
During the whole weekend, I chose to just hang out with my family instead of hanging out with any of you guys. I decided to continue researching for my experiment for two days, so basically I was just a shut in during that time. After I had enough studying, I just went to Sakura's house instead of yours.
The de Amoir's let me in politely and I went straight to Sakura's room. We were starting to become friends so I figured that I could make a girl friend during my stay. Sakura looked to her left once I opened the door. She was sketching something in her book. When she caught sight of me, the blonde just stood up with a smile.
"Hey Lo Lo! Let's go to the park!"
Not waiting for my answer, Sakura just grabbed my hand. I was lifted up onto my feet, so no doubt that I stumbled slightly as the girl pulled me along. We barged out of the blonde's room, immediately running down the stairs. "Momma, papa; Lo Lo and I are going to the park!" The blonde called out once we reached the end of the stairs.
"Alright honey, be safe!" I heard Mr. de Amoir shout from another room. Then I heard Daisy from the same room saying, "I love you, Cherry!"
Unfortunate for Daisy since the door already slammed shut. Sakura squealed at the fresh air-although it faded immediately since the Philippines barely has windy weathers. Instead of entering the car like I thought we would, Sakura just dragged me to wherever she felt fit.
I watched the girl bounce in front of me. How could a nineteen year old girl stay so cheerful; especially when that time for adulthood is around the corner?
My thoughts faded away as Sakura suddenly halted; I almost bumped into the girl but I caught myself right away. "So this is what North Green Park looks like." The blonde wondered out loud, letting go of my hand.
"Never been to a park before?" I asked her, standing next to her right.
The green-eyed girl shook her head. "Don't get the wrong idea," She chuckled, clasping her hands together from her behind. Sakura looked at me from the side of her eye. "Of course I have been to a park before; I just like finding out what other places look like. Like the Barnes & Nobles from Las Vegas must be different than it is in LA, it's just the books that might be the same."
I nodded, fully understanding. "That makes sense, I guess." I shrugged.
Sakura giggled, grabbing my hand once again. "Come on! I want ice cream!" She exclaimed, pulling me to who knows where. I chuckled, deciding to run side by side with the girl instead of getting dragged along.
This cheerful designer apprentice...she's just blossoming slowly but surely; she's just like a bud blooming into a flower. Until that day comes though, I fear that she is too innocent for this world. I smiled, shaking my head. Perhaps I'm just overthinking. Sakura is fine the way she is.
The blonde spotted an ice cream truck and called over before they could drive away. "One cotton candy please." The blonde ordered, letting out short gasps for air. Then she turned to me with a huge smile. "What do you want, Lo Lo?"
I looked over the menu on the side of a truck. I was struck with disappointed when I saw that they didn't even have any ice cream that's cherry flavored. "Just a vanilla ice cream cone." I requested with a soft voice. The man, who had such a baby face that I can mistaken him for a fifteen year old, nodded with a kind smile.
He ran his left hand through his dark brown hair and held out his right hand. "Alright ladies," He cleared his throat. I raised an eyebrow. Is this guy sick or something? "That will be one hundred pesos." He informed with a scratchy tone.
I nodded, immediately grabbing my wallet from my back pocket. That is until Sakura held a hand out in front of me. "It's alright Lo Lo, I'm gonna pay." She offered. I opened my mouth to protest until I saw that she already handed the guy her money. I pouted, placing my wallet back into my back pocket. Although, I can't complain much. It's free food!