
It seems that class wasn't starting just yet, I see students on campus through the gate. Instead of entering the gate, you took me to an office. You were immediately greeted by one of the office employees. "Good morning Mr. Swift." A woman to the left nodded with a grin.
You gave her a small smile in return, walking over to the main desk. A chubby woman was sitting behind the counter, noticing your presence since she hung up on her phone call. "Good morning Mr. Swift," She sighed, clasping her hands on the gray desk. "What can I do for you?"
"Hello Ms. Shellum," You greeted with a blank face. "I was wondering if it's alright that I brought a guest today for class." You moved a few inches to the right, revealing my small body. The lady-whose name is Ms. Shellum I suppose, glanced at me.
"Oh, a guest?" She echoed. Her brown eyes lingered on my face for a few more seconds before they moved to you. "What reason Mr. Swift? This is so sudden."
You weren't even moving your body an inch as I placed a hand on your back. All you told her was, "As you know, every once in a while, I give public speaking exercises so people could be prepared once they graduate."
Ms. Shellum nodded, resting her chin on her clasped hands. "Indeed I do." She gave a small smile. "It helps that you're around these student's age, they seem more comfortable around you."
"Thank you Ms." You nodded before looking back at me. "You see, I invited Ms. Taylor Rush to demonstrate public speaking. If you don't mind."
"This is so sudden." Ms. Shellum pointed out. "Are you sure that you can handle your class along with this lady?" You nodded without hesitation, looking back at the female in front of you. Ms. Shellum sighed, figuring out that you won't back down. "Then do as you please, I'll contact the principal immediately."
"Thank you." You nodded. Ms. Shellum just looked at you in response, picking up the black phone next to her. You grabbed my hand, pulling me along as we exit the main office. You let go of my hand once I was walking side-by-side with you.
"My classroom is not even that far." You glanced down at me. I looked back up at you without a care as we neared the one hundreds building. "It's Room 104, you can come to that classroom later if you wish. This school offers breakfast and opened restrooms so if you want-"
"I'm fine, Ben." I giggled when we reached your door. You took out keys from your back pocket, opening the door. You pulled the door open, giving me a hand. I smiled, entering the classroom first. My eyes traveled around the room, feeling nervous to be back to a college room. The room was small no doubt, but there were small steps for each row of desks. There were five rows filled with seven chairs each making me surprised. About thirty five students want to be part of the educational career branch?
The walls were brown as well as the floor since the classroom was made out of wood. "You enjoying the place, Tay?" I heard you chuckling from beside me. I nodded, still studying my surroundings. I thought out loud, "I never thought that I would be back in a college classroom so soon."
You let out a small chuckle, standing beside me. "Me neither." You admitted in a soft tone. "What can you do though? You end up liking things that you never thought you would as a kid. So that's why I'm here."
I smiled at you. I heard the loud bell ring loudly from an alarm on the ceiling, making me jump in surprise. I stood at the front left corner of the room, watching as students fill in the classroom.
I wasn't sure what to expect, some students noticed me standing while others chatted away with their friends. I gave the ones who did notice me a small grin, waiting until they were all seated. To my surprise though, there weren't enough seats for students to take a seat in, so about ten to fifteen students had to stand up.