
I ran out of the office, a big smile on my face. There's no doubt that you would be happy that I was let off easily. I couldn't wait to tell you."
"Ben!" I exclaimed happily when I saw you near the lunch tables, talking to Adam and your other friend James. "I don't have any detention! Sandra let me go!" I announced cheerfully. Instead of smiling, you scowled and stood up. "What's the matter? Why are you so mad?" I asked worriedly, backing up a few steps, scared of what you might do.
You followed me anyways, clutching my face with both of your hands, your piercing blue eyes staring into mine. "Why would you do that?!" You yelled. "You could've gotten expelled. We've talked about this!!"
I frowned, my brown eyes burning a bright amber as I glared back at you. "She was talking about you-bad stuff! She called you a faggot! I had the right to get into a fight with that little bimbo!" I spat in your face.
"Taylor Michelle Rush!" You yelled. I calmed down, knowing that you're truly angry since you used my full name. "You can't just get mad at them because they joked about me. You are getting a bad reputation at this school!"
You wouldn't back down, you just let go of my face before turning your back to me. My shoulders sagged, my eyebrows furrowing when tears got in my eyes. "I'm sorry," I whimpered, letting them flow down my cheeks. "I only wanted them to take back their words. It's my fault..."
Noticing that I was crying, you turned around and pulled me into a tight embrace. "Wag ka mg iyak," You whispered gently next to my right ear. I ignored you, wrapping my arms around your neck tightly as my voice repeated, "I'm sorry. You don't deserve it."
Some students stopped doing whatever they were doing and stared at us while others didn't care about the scene in front of them. You paid no attention towards them, pulling your head away from my shoulder. Instead of looking at the crowd, you just kissed my right cheek.
My eyes widened, hearing the howling noises of the people who weren't minding their own business. I was surprised at your ability to ignore them. "I don't care what people think," You rested your forehead against mine. "I won't let you get in trouble because of something I don't even care about you."
You stared into my brown eyes, your left hand crawling its way to my right hand. "Let's go home." You suggested, holding my hand. You dragged me to Jeff's car, not caring about my cries filled with embarrassment.
Ray was mad at me that day. He couldn't understand why I keep getting into these fights. "This is getting out of hand, Taylor!" He screamed, slamming his hands on the dining table. "Why do you keep getting into fights like this?!"
I blinked, just clutching my books tightly. I couldn't look up at the disappointed look in my brother's eyes, so I just stared at the table. "That's not how we raised you!" He scowled, showing his teeth. "Dad wanted you to be the girl our mother was! What? Do you wish to disappoint mom?!"
I stayed silent, fighting the tears in my eyes. My throat started aching and I feel like I was suffocating. I didn't understand back then on why kuya brings up mom and dad whenever I got into fights. My heart beats near my chest that I nearly felt like I'm having a heart attack. I clutched my chest tightly, biting my lip to stop my tears from flowing.
Now I know that kuya brought them up because dad was a soldier who wanted the best for us and that mom was the one inspiration that I always had since I was a kid.