
"You interested in ping pong, Taylor?" A voice from behind me asked. I jumped slightly when I turned around, frowning at Josh who started laughing. "Sorry dude, didn't mean to scare you. Do you know how to play?"
I shook my head, looking back at the game. "No," I bluntly answered. "This is just entertaining." And it reminds me of that day, the best day of my life. My face just became blank when a loud noise was heard from the right. I looked to where the sound came from and saw John on the floor.
I looked at the alley and pursed my lips seeing that there was no ball. I snorted. "Did he seriously fall trying to warm up?" I giggled, covering my mouth with my left hand. Bryan, who's also laughing nodded, wiping tears from his eyes. Then I calmed down, shaking my head. "People are a bunch of idealistic morons."
I looked back at the ping pong table, noting that the boy switched sides with the older man. He held out the ping pong ball with his right hand, stealing one glance at me. Then he started off another game.
Why? Why does this boy look so familiar? "This is so boring." The man on the couch complained. "Let's go to that strip club." I blinked, raising an eyebrow. He sounds familiar, also the way he talks...
"What the heck, bro?" The blue-eyed boy asked, frowning. "We have to pick up Lauren from work later. If we don't get her and bring her back soon, we're going to be in trouble..." I think I can guess how those three will act at a strip club.
The man in the eighty's attire will be making it rain seeing the stripper on all fours and shaking her head up and down. The blue-eyed cutie would probably be weirded out and be like, "I'm gonna fail in life, aren't I?" Then the boy complaining would probably would request for a lap dance.
I wouldn't be surprised if he gets laid. That disgusting pervert. Then again, I would be the pervert since I'm thinking about strip clubs. I was snapped out of my thoughts when a sudden ache came to my arm.
I frowned, looking down at the ping pong ball bouncing on the ground. "Sorry," Someone apologized, picking up the ball. He stood up slowly, looking straight into my eyes. He's tall; my forehead is directly at his lips. "You aren't injured, right?" I slowly nodded, getting lost in his blue eyes.
I blinked two times when I heard laughter. I glared at Bryan who was pointing at the two of us. "De ja vu!" He teased, clutching his stomach. I growled, throwing my book at his head. He paled, rubbing his arm. "Ow shit, hard cover..."
I smirked in triumph before looking back at the boy. He was looking down somewhere. Not at my chest but at my necklace. "That's nice..." He complimented. I raised an eyebrow as he turned back to his game. "Uh, thanks?" I mumbled. What the hell just happened?
Soon enough, both games had finished. We left around the time of nine and ten, but I kept glancing at the table. As we were signing out, I walked back to the ping pong table. I saw that the boy was clutching his shoulders.
"Hey," I called as the ball bounced off. The boys turned to look at me clutching my book. My eyes went to the boy with the blue eyes. "If you're tired, then stop. You wouldn't want to hurt your arm. It would be a shame, wouldn't it?" With that, I turned back, walking away.
I ran out the building, getting into my brother's car immediately. I smirked, seeing the boy stop at the front door. He saw the car, getting a glimpse of my face. I waved teasingly at him before my brother drove out of the lot. I leaned against the window and closed my brown eyes. He looked so familiar.
The next thing I know, I woke up in my room. I blinked, knowing that I fell asleep in the car. I stood up and dusted myself off. I opened the door of my room and walked out, putting on my sandals.