
"this is really good, and amazing thank you mom, katherine(jacks mom), julie(Meghans mom),liz(tristens mom), kate(sammys mom), and chelsea(jj's mom)" i say smiling.they say "your welcome"
"so....jack i see you and my daughter are dating" my dad says cocking a smirk.
"yes John i am" jacksm says smiling looking at me. "you know i trust you right?" my dad says. "yes john , i know you do" jack says rolling his eyes playfully then smirking at my dad.
my parents, and jacks parents are close, because we found out 5 months into us living in omaha that they went to school together.
he laughs. "im glad your dating my daughter, ive actually always wanted you to date her " my dad says smiling. i smile at my dad.
"im glad" jack said chucking.
"hey excuse us meghan,cole, and i are going to go to the stores to get stuff to make smores....would any one like to join?" julie says.
nobody answers. "okay we will be back" then they leave.
once they leave i see jj, sammy, tristen let out a sigh of relief. me and jack do the same.
"alright , you kids cut the crap whats going on" david says. i get nervous. i look at the guys, making a face signaling to help me.
"we want answers and we want them now" my mom says.  jack squeezes my hand and nods. i take a deep breathe.
"we were at lunch one day and cole wanted to talk to me, he said he liked me....we made out then jack stopped us he told me not to trust cole, but i didn listen then that night .....cole tried to have sex with me..... and i was crying him telling him to stop...he hit me 3 times and i told him i was a virgin and his eyes got darker then i tried getting away and kneed him in the you know what and ran out the house, i called jack he picked me up and we stayed at the house with me....then the next day he told everybody at lunch standing on the table i was a virgin...and sammy,jj, and jack stood up for me, but jack and sammy got hurt the most....then jj and meghan started goimg out , she cheated and we found out she was using us for popularity and pretending to be our friend...." i say then let out a long breathe.
"HE WHAT!" david and my dad yelled. i got scared, and squeezed jacks hand harder.
"I WANT THEM OUT OF THIS HOUSE! " ny dad yelled. i flinched. "john stop! your scaring your daughter" my mom said.
my dad looked at me and softened up. "im sorry sweetie.."he says. "its ....its ok" i say barely audible.
"i dont want them here, he basically tried raping our daughter beth!, once they come back we are telling them to leave" my dad said.
"ok, why don't you kids um....go watch a movie in the screening room and we will handle this" jj's mom chelsea said.
we nodd and get up. i grab jacks hand and we go to the screening room....im scared.
A/n: oh shit!.....whats gonna go down?!¿¡Bye Sweet Thangs!