
"POLICE OPEN UP!" we hear. "katherine get the door please" she opens the doors . and by now i realize they have broken the boys up.
"excuse mam, i need you to tell me what has happened" a police officer says. i start talking to him, and see them push cole and jack against the wall and handcuff them.
"NO! what are you doing, jack didnt do anything wrong!" i say running to them. but i feel 3 people hold me back.
i turn around and its sammy, jj, and tristen. when the hell did they get here.
"listen mam, he isnt in trouble, mr. smith here is, we are just taking mr. Gilinsky in for questioning" they say. i relax a little, and feel relieved.
i see them take jack and cole outside and put them in the car. "mrs. rae,i will call you and you and your family can come pick jack up" the officer says leaving. "okay, thank you sir" i was scared but when he was asking questions, i told him cole tried to rape me.
i hear meghan's mom on the phone with coles parents.
"look chris, im sorry, its just hearing what cole did to my daughter pissed me off and i took it out on you and your family because meghan is dating him , and i just apoligize" my dad says.
"its alright, but what exactly did cole and my daughter do?" chris says.
i shot up. "you wanna know what they did! cole tried to have sex with me! he abused me because i was crying hip telling him to stop! and your "oh so sweet daughter" broke up with jj, and got with cole, and she was pretending to be our friends , jut for popularity!" i say.
"oh my god! i had no idea , i am so sorry! you did not deserve this! meghan you are grounded all summer!" chris said. meghan nods tears in her eyes.
"i am so sorry again, me and my family will get our stuff and leave, have a nice summer" meghans mom says.
they get their stuff and leave. when they were leaving meghan passes by me and looks at me with tears. "i am so so sorry sabrina" she says.
i just look away. then they were gone.
"oh my god, first day here and already all of this!" kate sammy's mom says throwing her hands in the air.
we laugh, but i whince because my cheek is hurting like hell.
"oh god sabrina, did.he hit you again!" my dad said looking at my cheek.
"yes but im fine!" i say. he gets me a bag of ice and i put it on my cheek.
"katherine, david... i am so sorry, because of me your son got arrested, and is hurt again! and im just so so sorry!" i say letting tears fall. they come up to me and hug me.
"sweetie, its fine, you dont deserve any of this....and its not your fault jacks hurt, he made the choice to fight cole, because he was sticking up for you...thats how i know i raised my son right!" katherine says giggling, i giggle too.
"im sorry for all this drama everyone, no more of it! i promise!" i say laughing. everyone laughs along and nods.
A/n: Hey lovelys! sorry if these chapters have been boring, ive been slacking off...and just not feeling myself lately...but im back and i will write some good chapter for you beautiful people! i love yall! Bye Sweet Thangs!