
"and you...leigh, you look pretty" i said smiling. "aww! thank you sabrina, you look nice too!" she says. why does she have to be so fucking nice!
"thank you!" i say smiling a real smile.
"i heard you sing on ....vine? i think its called, you have an amazing voice!" she said. "aww! thank you!" i said.
"ooh jack! i love this song! lets go dance" she said grabbing his hand, dragging him to the dance floor.
"hey sabrina" i turn around to be faced with michael burk (made up name). he is in our choir class.
"oh hey michael, whats up?!" i ask. "oh um...i wanted to know if you wanted to dance?" he asks nervously.
"sure i'd love to!" i say smiling. "cool, lets go" he grabs my hand.  i turn around while im walking, i see jj, sammy, and tristen smirking. i flip them off.
we get to the dance floor and dance are asses off, it was so much fun just to go , i have been so stressed out, this night really helped a lot.
after we dance, we all have to sit down , they are announcing the awards for best costumes.
michael go sits with his friends, and i sit with leigh, jack, jj, sammy, and tristen.
"and the award for best video game costume is.....sabrina rae and tristen baylee!" our principle says.
me and tristen stand up, i see sammy recording, i put a thumbs up to the camera and we walk on stage, get our award and sit back down.
"this is dope!" sammy says. "how in the hell did they make a trophy like this?" leigh asks. i laugh, "i dont know, but its a cool trophy" i say. they agree.________________"Goodnight boys" i say talking to sammy and jj.
we all stayed the night at tristens, except for jack and leigh.
"Goodnight bri" they say.
we made a huge fort in the living room, all of our parents are hardly home,  they go on lots of business trips, they work together.
"hey wait before you go to bed check out these two viners, their names are nash grier, and cameron dallas" jj says.
i go on my phone and look up their names on vines.i look at each of their vines, and they are pretty hilarious.
after watching countless videos of them, i turn off my phone and go to sleep.
A/n: Hey Lovelys! hope you liked this chapter! in the next few chapters , this book is going to have lots of new people, and Povs! so...yeah! i love yall! Bye Sweet Thangs!