
My brown eyes widened, immediately meeting his blue orbs. "You're T.K. Woods?!" I exclaimed out of shock and happiness. "Sha ay isang favorite authors ko!" You smiled, resting your head on my shoulder for a short minute.
During that minute, I turned to Adam. "Out of all things, I would have never expected you to be a business man." I addressed the brunette.
Adam rolled his eyes. "Have some faith in me, sheesh!" The hazel-eyed boy chided, meeting my brown eyes. "No I'm not there for the girls and no I'm not doing it because I was forced. I'm in a company based on technology and slightly on electronics."
I pursed my lips in a tight line. Out of all of us, I'm the one who hasn't matured most. You are a college professor and writer; you can influence people and teach them using ways other people can't. Adam is a business man that is improving technology for the better of our world. Sakura is a designer in hopes to sell clothes so people can feel more comfortable in clothing. Then there's me; I feel so bad that I'm not even doing anything to make this world a better place.
"What about you Taylor, what's your job?" Adam asked me. I stayed silent, biting the insides of my cheek. I wasn't sure how to respond to that question. I fiddled with my thumbs; after a few heartbeats, you lifted your head from my shoulder.
"You don't have a job yet?!" Sakura reckoned, her mouth opening wide. I looked up, seeing two different faces. Sakura's was a mix of surprise and sympathy; Adam on the other hand has a smug look.
"If you want, you can assist me for the time being," You offered. I shook my head with a reassuring smile. I smiled brighter as I said, "I'll figure out what to do with my life sooner or later!" Although my lips were crooked, so no doubt you immediately saw the lie. Thankfully, you stayed silent.
"If you say so." You shrugged, placing your hand on my right forearm. I glared at Adam, slamming my left fist on his right hand. He flinched at the sudden contact, looking up at me. I warned him, "If you dare tease me, I won't hesitate to injure you!"
Adam gulped, nodding. I let go of the boy, giving off a little cough. "Anyways, can I order a smoothie or some tea?" I called out any of the employees. Even though I've known you and Adam for a long time and Sakura for five days, you guys are no doubt full of surprises.