
You gave me a smile in return, wrapping your right arm around my shoulders. "Then come on!" You chuckled, walking in the same direction Adam went earlier. I laid my head on your shoulder. I'm not that short, okay? My forehead reaches your nose.
We both pulled away when we neared a black car. I expected you to go around the car; to my surprise, you opened the passenger door before I could even lay a hand on the handle. "Thank you." I giggled, hopping into the gray seat. You closed the door, walking around the front of the car.
I already had put on my seatbelt once you entered. You didn't bother buckling your seatbelt until you started the engine. "By the way, you didn't invite me to be your assistant out of pity right?" I worried.
You shook your head, keeping your left hand on the wheel as you patted my shoulder. "Of course not, I invited you because you could be a great help today." You chuckled. "Also because we're going to be public speaking next week so I need you to be an example today."
My body froze, my fingers started tapping on my thighs nervously. It's been a while since I've spoken in public because of a project or any other subject. The last time was about one or two years ago, I don't remember. Noticing my sudden gesture, you placed your right hand over you left. I blinked, staring at our hands. Your thumb rubbed over my knuckles gently, keeping a firm grip. You remained holding my hand even when you felt my hand relax.
"You know, we still haven't gotten a lot of time to talk ever since you got back." You alleged, looking at me from the corner of your eye. I gave you a soft smile, mentally agreeing with what you had said. I chattered, "Isn't it obvious why?"
You shook your head making me giggle out of disbelief. "And I thought you were as smart as me." I let out a faint smile. I pondered, "We've both been busy. The only times we actually hanged out was at the meadow from time to time and at InfiniTEA."
You rolled your eyes. "Still such a cheesy name." You mumbled under your breath. Then your voice went back to its usual tone. "Even so, I guess that's why I wanted you to come to the classroom today. Maybe I just want to spend more time with you."
The heat found its way on my cheeks, I must look away. "Why do you say that?" I dared myself to be a bit bold. Your hand squeezed mine, but I wasn't sure if you realized or not. You smirked when I turned to look at your face. "Because I like you." You hinted.
My heart stopped for half a second. Billions of ideas shot through my mind based on what you said. Do you like me? Did you mean it as a sibling type of like or the type where people might end up getting married? What do y-
"You are my best friend after all." You continued shortly after. I blinked, my mind snapping out of my imaginations. My shoulders slumped in a feeling of disappointment for some reason. All that came out of my mouth was a simple, "Oh." You chuckled, entwining our fingers making me give out a ghost of a smile.
The rest of the car trip was sat through in a comfortable silence. I looked at the view as you focused on getting to our destination. I don't know why, but we didn't even realize that our hands were still intertwined.
After for what seems about eight minutes, we had reached a bit of a dead end for the road. There is still a path to continue forward, but it's just sand until you reach about a few yards away. I looked at the lot in front of me. I understood now that it was a roaming campus, so there is an outdoor instead of the classes all being in one building.
As soon as you parked your car, I opened the door with my hand suddenly feeling cold. I look down to my left hand briefly, realizing that we were holding hands the whole way. I brushed it off, exiting the car completely.