
Sabrinas Pov( Few Weeks Later)
"JACK PUT ME DOWN!" i yell hitting his back.
everybody was outside, our dads were cooking bbq. me and tristen were tanning, while the boys were in the pool but jack decides to be an ass and mess with me.
oh and cole got put in jail for 7 months for sexual assault, and abuse.
he laughs. "whatever you say!" he says. he runs and jumps in the pool. i get an idea.
as soon as we hit the water i swim a few fee away and pretend im dead, my face is in the water and im floating.
i can hold my breateh for a loooong time.
i hear him laugh and then move around. "oh my god sabrina!" he says.  i hear him panick and feel the water move around.
i feel arms wrap around me and then i feel myself laying on concrete.
jack checks to see if im breathing so i hold my breathe.
he freaks out. "sammy, jj, tristen, she isnt breathing! guys help! i hear people running and then talking.
they push on my chest and i try not to breathe. "jack you have to give her mouth to mouth!" tristen says.
i couldnt breathe anymore so i was gonna scare him.
"AHHHH!" i yell . I swear i saw tristen jump like 10 feet up in the air.
i start laughing my ass off. "oh my god bri you scared the fuck out of me!" tristen said holding her chest.
"that was not funny yoy asshole!" sammy said, but then laughed. "that was mean!" jj said like a little boy then laughed,
i looked at jack and he looked pissed. "jack whats wrong?" i say reaching for his hand but he jerks away, and runs inside.
i stand up and chase after him. he runs inside and upstairs, then slams the door.
i run in and close the door. he is on the bed with his head on his hands.
"jack whats wrong!" i say. he stands up and turns around, "i thought i lost you! i thought you drowned!" he said with tears running down his cheeks.
i run up to him and hug him, but he doesnt hug back, i look up at him and he turns the other way.
i put my hand on his cheek and turn his head my way, but not rough.
his eyes are glossy and a few tears running down his face.  i wipe them. "baby.....im so sorry, i did that, i didnt know you would act like this" i say.
"sabrina, i thought i fucking lost you! your my everything, if you died, i would kill myself, i cant live without you! out there i thought i lost you forever and also knowing that i was the cause of your death, would kill me even more....i-i just cant fucking live without you baby!" he says then grabs me by my waist and pulls me in hugging me and lifting me up.
i wrap my legs around his waist and he buried his face in the crook of my neck. keep in mind we are wet.
"i love you so fucking much baby" jack says "so fucking much"
i pull away and and grab his face , his eyes were red and he had tears still running. i wiped them and kissed him.
he kissed back, and we just kissed and kissed, then stopped , he couldn't breathe. we out our forehead on each others.
"i love you to baby " i say. he smiles, "promise me you wont do that again?" he says. "i promise baby, knowing that it hurt you this much, i will never! ever! ever! do that again" i say pecking his lips.