
(Sabrinas Pov)
we are all now at my house, even the parents discussing magcon.
"ooh bart sent an email with the dates" i say.
"okay it says...we need to be in dallas,texas november 20th, thats in two days, we dont have our first show till november 30th, he wants us to spend time with each other before the first show, after that show which last over saturday and sunday, we are leaving to chicago, then after that we , go to new york ,then we will be back december 15th " i say.
"im not so sure you guys, thats a lot of traveling" my mom says, the other parents agree. but after begging and begging they said okay.
"the people in magcon arecameron dallasnash grieraaron carpentermatthew espinosataylor caniffcarter reynoldsshawn mendesjack gilinskyjack johnsontristen bayleeSabrina RaeMahogany Lox" i say.
"this is amazing!" tristen said.
"they already have tickets saling, and merch!" jj says.
"i know this is unbelievable!" i say smiling hard. "now kids you realize you wont be in school a lot, so you will have lots of make up work" chelsea , johnsons mom says,
we all say "yes mam" "alright then we were talking about it earlier and yall dont have to go to school tomorrow because yall have to pack and it says they have yalls tickets waiting at the airport, and your flight is at 6:45am that day, your flight is an hour and 45 minutes long" my mom says.
all of us cheer. after a while everyone leaves and i call michael and tell him.
M-"hello"
S-"michael guess what!?"
M-"what beautiful?!"
S-"i got invited to tour with other viners and meet my fans , i leave in two days, i wont be at school tomorrow, i will be packing"
M-"thats um....thats g-great bri, im....im happy for you"
S-"michael whats wrong?"
M-"can i come over and we can talk outside?"
S-"yeah, sure i will be in the back yard"
M-" k im on my way"
*End Of Phone Call*
i go in the back and sit on a bench we have, i see jack and leigh in jacks back yard in the pool.
after a few minutes of waiting michael gets here.
"hey beautiful" he says sitting down next to me kissing my cheek. "whats wrong michael?" i askhe sighs.
"bri....i really like you, tour smart, funny, sweet, adorable, beautiful..god your beautiful, i just....i have been having an amazing time spending time with you these past few weeks, and i dont want you to leave, i miss you too much" he says.
"awww! michael you are so sweet! i will be back before you know it! , hey ive got an idea, thanksgiving break starts Friday, you have like a week off , maybe you can get a flight out there to see me?" i say.
"thats a good idea , i'll see what i can do!" he says getting up, me doing the same. we hug then pull apart. "can i kiss you?" he asks. i nodd. we lean in and kiss, i dont feel a lot of sparks like i did with jack but i felt some.
we pulled away and he smiled. "bye beautiful!" he says pecking my lips then leaving. i smile to myself._____________________-Skip To Airport, When They Leave-
"Flight 456 to Dallas Texas is now boarding" the person over the intercom said.