
(Sabrinas Pov)
"jack where are we going?" i ask frustrated.
"you'll find out!" he said, i groan in frustration and he laughs.
i pull out my phone and go on vine, "jack is a meanie! he isnt telling me where we are going!" i say he looks at the camera and winks.
it stops and i post it. "did you watch me and jj's vine?" he asks. "yeah it was cool, i wanna start making these vines too!" i say. "cool babe. " he says.
"ok we are here!" he says. i look up and we are at the "YOU BROUGHT ME TO THE BOARDWALK!" i say excited. he laughs.
i literally LOVE boardwalks. "THANK YOU SO MUCH! I LOVE YOU" i say hugging him. "only the best for you !" he says.
he gets out of the car and opens my door. "thank you" "no problem"
i get excited. "come on lets go!" i say trying to drag him by the wrist, but failed......miserably.
he laughs. "alright , alright lets go!" he says grabbing my hand. i look at our hands and then look at him, he smiles and kisses my cheek.
(Jacks Pov)
when i told her we were here, she looked up and literally looked like a kid on christmas. she was so happy, it made me happy.
we were walking down the pier to get to the carnival and sabrina was making a vine. "he brought me to the fair!, this is why he is my best friend!" she points the camera at us. i kiss her cheek. the vine ends.
she posts it and puts her phone away. we finally get to the carnival and she squeals. we walk to the booth and wait in line.
we were standing there in line and she pokes my cheek. i look at her and she kisses me on the cheek, but really close to the edge of my mouth.
"tease!" i say "you know it!" she says. we get to the front of the booth, "can i have two bracelets please?" i say. "yes that will be 30.00" the lady says, "each bracelet is $15.00".
i hand her the money and she puts the bracelets on us.these bracelets let us ride every ride without tickets until 10:00 it closes at midnight but after 10:00 you have to use tickets.
"what do you wanna ride first?" i ask. "umm....the zipper!" she says. "alright!" we go to the zipper and wait in line.
"next!" the man yells. we show him our bracelets and he lets us on. we get in the cage and he puts the bar down and latches its on.
he closes the cage door and locks it, "you ready !" bri asks taking my hand. "yup!" .
the ride takes us up slowly and we are rocking back and forth, then out of nowhere it flips us fast backwards. "HOLY FUCK!" i yelled. i hear sabrina laughing her ass off. we are flipping backwards over and over again in a circle.
when its done we get off and sabrina is laughing her ass off. "you should've seen your face!" i laughed with her.
im glad she is having fun.
-after riding some rides-
"oh my god Jack!" , "what!" "look at that huge teddy bear ahhh! its so cute!" she says squealing.
"you want it?" i ask smiling. she nods vigorously. i laugh. "ok come on" we get to the man and its a ring toss game. i only get 10 rings and 5 have to land on a bottle.in order to get the teddg bear.
"ready.set.go!"
1missmissmiss23miss4missi gotta make this last one. i toss it and.......5!