
I cracked my right knuckles, using the Kaneki Ken way. As the brunette neared, I held up a fist. Seeing what I was doing, Adam tried to stop. With a frown, I slapped his right hand away from my face and punched his left cheek. You grabbed my arm as the brunette fell forward. My friend pulled me away just in time for Adam to fall face forward a few inches away from where I was just standing. I gulped, realizing what I had just done.
I looked up with you with a worried expression. "Come on, run." You said, taking off in the other direction. With your iron grip, I had no choice but to follow you to wherever you're leading me. We ran out of the classroom, with me staring at you with amazement. The great Benjamin Swift ditching class? You don't see that every day.
We ran out of the school building; as we neared the streets I laughed out loud. "It seems that we are criminals, Ben!" I grinned, running faster to stay by your side. You weakly smiled at me, but didn't say anything even as we neared familiar green trees.
With your left hand, you pushed the branches and vines out of the way. I regained my balance quickly before I tripped and was running side by side with you. Seeing the light, I felt lighter, running faster than you.
I cheered when we reached the meadow of the forest. "Let's just go here when we need to escape, okay?" You panted, catching up to me. I also let out gasps for breath, nodding at what you said. That burst of adrenaline; we haven't ran that long since both of our stamina are pretty low.
It was that day when we made that decision. "It'll be our little spot." We quoted in unison. My brown eyes widened, looking at you. Your eyes weren't wide, but was filled with amusement. You laughed and in a short while, I decided to fight off the weirdness and laugh along.
I held up my left pinky. Seeing what I did, you also raised your right pinky. I leaned my hand forward, intertwining our little pinkies. "Our little spot?" You asked. "Our little spot." I declared.