
Mom died a few months after we met, remember? Even though your family barely knows her, you came to the funeral the same as everyone else. I was shocked, figuring out that our mothers became close friends that short time.
Ray kept yelling at me, finally going away after a long time. Then I was alone at the house since he went away with his friends to somewhere else. I bit my lip, but that wouldn't stop the noises I was making. I was choking, trying to stay strong. It was always like that since we were only young. I keep bringing disappointment to our family.
After a couple of days, I went to the school counselor-Ms. Heather. The said female was surprised to see me, but I didn't say anything. "Oh Miss Rush, what can I do for you?" She kindly asked, putting some documents away.
I sat in front of her, ignoring her question. I stayed silent for a few heartbeats, looking down. "I," I paused, not knowing what to say. "I have a problem." Ms. Heather's eyebrow raised in curiosity, silently telling me to continue.
I took a deep breath, calming my tense muscles. "The fights," I started. "I don't know what happens to me. It's just when they tease Ben, something inside of me just gets loose from its cage. I get so angered for no reason, and I just can't handle the fact that they're saying things about him. I don't know what's wrong with me..."
I looked down, feeling Ms. Heather place her hand on top of mine. "I don't think so," She told me. "It's just that I think you're overprotective. Maybe that's way you can go crazy over one thing, one word, one object, one person. Most people are protective so they never know that it might snap."
She laughed. "For you, it's just Ben isn't it? He's your lover. It makes you forget, doesn't it? You just go into a blank mode and fight whatever you see. But you can talk, can't you? You know what you are saying and you know you want to stop, but you can't."
I glared. "Shut up," I hissed. "You don't know what you're talking about. And Ben's not my lover!"
She ignored me, her hand gripping my wrist tightly. She grinned. "Oh, but I do. I know everything about what you are thinking when you get into fights; what you thought at your first fight. My brother had it. He got upset over something so easily mentioned. I bet when that girl said the word about Ben, your whole mind froze. I bet you lost all control."
I glared at the girl, standing up quickly from the seat. The chair fell back at the sudden force, a loud noise echoing around the room. "You are sick." I spat, turning around; but Ms. Heather grabbed my wrist again.
She giggled, a blush coming on her face. She stood up, making me see the empty bottle from behind her. "You are cute Miss Rush," She sighed when I started screaming, knowing the windows weren't sound-proof. "It's been a while since I experimented on a feisty middle schooler, you'd be perfect."
I whimpered, struggling to get out of her grip but she held on. Then the door burst open, you quickly snatching me out of her hands. Sandra came in, glaring at Ms. Heather. "You're fired," She hissed. "And you're getting arrested."
You turned my head towards your chest, hugging me tightly. "Are you alright Taylor?" You gently asked me, running your hand through my hair. I hesitantly nodded, hearing Ms. Heather scream at Sandra. "It's going to be okay."
"Do you not get that your lover is not using you to boost his ego?" Ms. Heather whispered. I froze, wondering how she knows what I was afraid of. I looked up from your chest and straight into the insane woman's eyes. "Yes he is, why else would he have stuck with me? I'm just a toy for him to use until he finds another." I whimpered.