
A/n: im gonna skip to the last day of school.....
(Sabrinas Pov)
5 more minutes till summer......just 5 minutes then im out of this hell hole.
let me catch you up on whats been happening........
meghan was caught cheating on jj, and she was using the boys for popularity , but she had to pretend to be our friends. so we arent "friends" anymore.
she is coles girlfriend.
tristen, jack, jj, and me have been becoming popular on vine. we each at least have 2 to 3 thousand followers.
oh and ever since the boys got out of sports, i found out jack could sing and jj can rap. they are bad ass.
i actually sing to. i post videos on vine thats why i have a lot of followers. tristen she is just fucking hilarious.
we all joined choir and are going to be in it next year.
"Alright class have a great summer , stay out of tro-
then the most beautiful sound ive ever heard went off....the bell.
i looked at jack and we both got up and ran out the door.
i jumped in his arms. and he spun me around and kissed me. "we're seniors!" i say "we're seniors" he says smiling big.
we go outside , and get in his jeep, and wait for tristen, sammy, and jj.
"i love you " jack says smiling at me. "i love you" i say, we were leaning in when our friends come in and ruin it. i groan. jack laughs.
"WERE FUCKING SENIORS!"sammy yells.
"yup! gotta make this summer worth it!" i say grabbing jacks hand.
"yall ready for tomorrow, gotta start packing tonight!" i say,
"hell yeah!" sammy screams. i look at him funny. "chill bruh, the dead can hear your ass!" i say.
"what if i want them too!" he says sticking his tounge out at me. i laugh and roll my eyes.
"how about you drop us all off at our houses and we pack then, we can meet up at my house and take off in the morning " i say.
they all agree. "ok lets go then!" jack says.
every summer me, jack,jj, tristen,sammy, and our families will go to this house our families bought together and stay there till the week before school starts again.
its somewhere in Nebraska...its an 3hr drive.
our parents left last week to get everything set up and ready.
i pull my phone out and go on vine. "hey you guys on 3 scream summer" i say. they all nod, i hold my phone in the air, "3,2,1, i press the screen.
"SUMMER!" we all yell and the guys are hooting and hollering, then it ends, i post it .
"im gonna drop you off last , ok babe?" jack says. i nod.
"alright boys see yall later" jack says to sammy and jj.
the boys live next to each other , tristen lives on the next street and me and jack live next to each other ,the next street down.
we drive to tristens and drop her off. "hey can you pack my bikini i left here a while back?" i ask her. "yeah" she says and gets out of the car.
we drive off to jacks house and get out of the car. "i will see you in a bit" he says kissing me.