
"see ya later" i say winking.
he winks then closes the window. i drive off.
-At The School-
i pulled up to the school and parked where i always park.
i got out and saw jj, sammy, and jack.
they get closer and jack winks at me, i just roll my eyes and laugh.
"hey bri" he says giving me a big bear hug.
"hey jacky!" i say taking his snapback. "hey!" he says pouting. "get over it you big baby!" i say pushing his shoulder.
"hey bri!" sammy and jj say walking up to me with Tristen and Meghan. "hey assholes!" i say.
sammy gives me this funny face like 'bitch who the fuck do you think your talking to'
we all laugh.
"off to our lockers!" i say . jack laughs.
when we walk in jack, sammy, and jj walk towards a group of basketball players down the hall.
me and the girls go to our lockers and get our stuff.
"hey there is a party tonight at Cole's house everybodys invited, you coming?" Tristen asks me.
"well duh!" i say closing my locker.
"alright ladies we are going to get our party on tonight!" Meghan says
"alright,now lets go!" i say.
we walk down the hall and head to our first periods.
"hey bri!" i turn around and see jack jogging towards me.
"we will see ya later bri" tristen and meghan say going to art.
i have 1st period with jack, algebra.
i stop walking and he comes up next to me . "hey you going to cole's party?" he asks.
"yeah, and guess what happened this morning?" i say.
"what?" he says, "i saw this really hot guy......like HOT" i say emphasizing hot.
out of sammy,jj, and jack.me and jack are the closest. like REALLY CLOSE.
he just laughs.
we reach algebra. "Ladies first" he says and smiles. "thank you kind sir" i say giggling.
we go and sit in our seats and wait for the teacher.
"alright good morning class, today we have a pop quiz!" Mrs. Dean says.
i groan. "is there a problem Mrs. Rae?" she says looking at me with a stern look.
"no" i say. when she turns back around i look at jack across the room and roll my eyes.
he smiles and mouths 'good luck' with a thumbs up.
i giggle and mouth 'you too' putting a thumbs up.
he shakes his head and laughs. then he starts his test.
Mrs. Dean hands me my test. "i expect an A+ from you like always Mrs. Rae , dont dissapoint me" she says
"i won't" i say .
oh yeah and im pretty good in school i have all A's, and thats because i always go to a party when there is one.
but i sometimes hate that EVERYBODY expects me to make perfect grades , my teachers , my parents, the principle.....but.....