
From: Jacky
'hey!........vanilla ice cream with brownie bits on top....in a cone'
i laugh.
From:Jacky
'oh and......i liked it when you called me baby'
i blush.
To:Jacky
'shut up you dork!, we are going to get your ice cream then we will be on our way home'                                   Seen✔
From: Jacky
'but im your dork.....baby'
i blush hard. i lock my phone and we go order their ice cream.
(Jacks Pov)
Tonight at the boardwalk im gonna ask sabrina to be my girlfriend, im excited about it.
"hey boys im back!" i hear jj yell.
he sets down his stuff and sits on the couch with us.
"so what did she say?" i ask. he took meghan on a date and he was gonna ask her to be his girlfriend.
"she said yes" he said . i high five him. "alright bro!" sammy says.
i got on twitter and saw an app suggestion called vine. i pressed on it and downloaded it.
after it was done loading, i checked it out. "hey have you heard about some app called vine?" i ask the guys.
"no" sammy says, "yeah, i have.... i posted a video of me shooting a basket and didnt miss, you know how i am" jj says
"we should make one right now" i say. "ok lets go" jj says.
( The Vine App was made january 24,2013 , it is now May 12th, school ends May 30th)
-After Making The Vine-
"that was good bro!" i say high fiving jj. we had sammy film.
we were sitting outside looking through vine when we see the girls pull up.
they get out and walk towards us with our ice cream.
"here you go!" bri says handing my ice cream. "thanks baby" i say winking and kissing her cheek. she blushes.
i take a bite. "mmm...." she giggles.
we all go inside.
"hey have yall heard of vine?" i ask sabrina and meghan.
"i've seen it on twitter, but i didnt think anything of it" sabrina says. "well download it please, me and jj made a vine!" i say.
"okay i will" she says. "im gonna go take a shower for our date i was sweating, when im done we will leave" i tell her. "ok".
i go upstairs and get in the shower. when i get out i  change into black pants, a black shirt,red flannel,red vans, and my snapback.
i spray my cologne, put deodorant on and brush my teeth.
i grab my wallet and keys, and head downstairs.
"bri you ready?" i ask getting off the stairs. "yeah" she says getting up.
"be back later" i yell closing the door.
we walk outside and i jog to sabrinas side of the car. "my lady" i say in a british accent. she giggles. i buckle her in. "jack i can do it myself!" she says.