
(Jacks Pov)
"y-your what?" she says. i walk up to her grabbing her hands. she pulls away. "baby..." , "dont call me that"
i sigh. "sabrina....im still in love with you, i fall for you more and more each day! i love you so so much, im sorry i hurt you, i never stopped loving you" i say letting a tear slip.
then there was a knock on the door, "hey guys were all going to nash and cams room to meet everybody, yall coming?" jj asks.
"just give us a m-
"no, lets go" i look at her, she just looks at me blankly.
we walk to the room and you can already here them down the damn hall.
we walk in and it gets quiet. i wipe my face up, and i see bri doing the same.
we all introduce ourselves and just talk for a while. i look to my left to see bri giggling at something funny cameron said. ugh, whatever.
i get a call , i look at my phone and it leigh, ugh! i walk out of the room and answer it.
J-"hello"
L-"hey baby guess what?"she says excitedly.
J-"what?" i say not sounding interested.
L-"bart is my uncle!, when you told me about it and said bart bardelon, i asked my mom if we know him, because his name sounded familiar, and she told me that was her brother"
J-"thats cool"
L-" yeah and also, he is letting me stay with yall!"
J-"co- , wait what?!, like be at magcon with us?"
are you fucking kidding me right now!
L-"yup! i get to be with you!"
J-"cool, uh...um, when are you gonna be here?"
L-"im at the airport right now!"
J-"oh, well....i'll see you later"
L-"bye baby love you"
J-"bye, um...i-i ....love....you too"
*End Of Phone Call*
why did i say it back?! ugh!
this cant be fucking happening!
i walk back in and go back to my seat. "who was that?" jj asks. "leigh, and it turns out bart is her uncle so , she is coming on tour with us, isnt that just great!" i say sarcastically.
sammy laughs. "that sucks dude, and didnt you tell bri that you still love her"
"um....did you hear us fighting?" i ask scratching the back of my neck.
"yeah, me, jj, and tristen did" he said. i sigh. "oh".
"im starving!" matthew yells catching everyones attention. i hear bri giggle, god i love her giggle, she is so adorable.
(Sabrinas Pov)
"so, how old are you?" cam asks. "im 18, i turned 18 in july, what about you?" i say.
"cool, im 19 turned 19 september 8th" he said.
"cool"i say smiling. "your beautiful" he says."thank you , your not to bad yourself dallas" i say winking. he laughs.
then he gets a text, and tells everybody what it says. "hey guys! bart just texted saying to go to ihop, he has someone with him and we are going to eat!"
"FUCK YAASSSS!" matthew yells running out the door. we laugh. "would you like a ride ?" cam says bending a little. "well yes i would love one!" i say hopping on his back.