
I snorted. "Drunk or a kid?" I joked. The corner of my mouth tipped upward. It seemed as if Sakura's face grew redder, her mouth mumbling words that I couldn't hear. "What was that?" I teased playfully, leaning closer.
Even though she spoke very quietly, my ears picked up on what she was saying. "It was only a year ago..." She mumbled in shame.
I smirked, wanting to tease the girl a little bit more. "Oh, did I just hear you say something, Sakura?" I hummed, leaning closer. I saw Sakura's body tense up, her green eyes widening like no other. "What did you say, exactly?"
"N-Nothing!" Sakura laughed nervously, suddenly standing up. During the process, she sadly knocked her elbow to my face. I whined loudly, rubbing my right cheek. The blonde apologized quickly before suggesting, "Why don't I get something from InfiniTEA? Do you want anything?"
"Sure?" That came out more as a question than an answer; but at the moment-along with other moments, I wasn't sure how to respond. I looked at the way that Sakura's face light up. She cheered, "Yes! Okay, I'll be back in a few."
I stared at the blonde as she ran off. I pursed my lips and took out my phone. She really is a carefree girl. Actually, I can already list out positives and negatives about her. I would list them right now, but that would take up most of the page.
Soon enough, I finished my vanilla ice cream. I was just researching herbs for an experiment that I started back once Sakura told me her not so well-hidden secret. I was trying to figure out a cure for eczema. Sakura seemed to have it for a while, so I'm assuming she didn't really care much about what her skin looked like until recently. Maybe because people were so judgmental? I'm not so sure.
A few minutes passed and I was starting to get worried. I went to my text messages. I typed in only the letters S and A before I found her name. I sent her:
Sakura, where are you? InfiniTEA isn't even that far from North Green Park!
As the message was sent, I turned off my phone. Not sure what to do while Sakura was gone, I decided to look at who's at the park. To the far left distance, I saw a boy and a girl playing with a dog. The girl was letting the girl skateboard as it was chasing the boy. I giggled. They must either be related, close friends, or more.
To my right, I saw a group of boys hanging around a tree. Four of them were cheering as two boys attempt to climb up to what I assume is a very high branch. I figured it was a race, otherwise they wouldn't be making so much noise.
To another bench quite the distance away, a girl was reading a teen magazine. She rearranged her glasses back to place and fixed her loose dress. She scratched her head, making her blonde hair messy on the left side. I smiled. That girl alone proves that not all girly girls are like in the movies.
I didn't know where the quarter Japanese girl was at but I waited for a full ten minutes before I decided to stand up and find her. I ran towards her direction, following the trail out of the park to InfiniTEA. I was overrun with worry; Sakura doesn't even memorize most of the locations! I wouldn't allow her to get lost or even worse, get injured!
I then saw a cream colored building. I slowed down, seeing the brown signed. There was a logo with a leaf onto the side. I peered into the windows, but I couldn't see her. Seeing the nearest InfiniTEA store, I opened the door quickly. I looked around the place, but I still couldn't see her. "Have you seen-"
I didn't finish my sentence. My eyes wandered around the overcrowded shop, analyzing what the customers look like. I paused, looking to the far right corner parallel to my body. The employees welcomed me, to which I just nodded in return. I looked a little more to the right and saw her.