
"Are you even Filipino?" A female asked.
I nodded, clasping my hands behind my back. "Yes I am," I answered. "I just lived in America for six years, only moving back to my hometown a week ago."
"Why were you in America?"
I pursed my lips, placing a hand on my hip. I tucked a strand of hair behind my ear with bright brown eyes. "I went studying at Princeton, of course." I giggled. "I was only fourteen so that put a lot of stress on me. I only graduated about one to two years ago."
"What's your favorite hangout spot?"
"Oh, just a little spot that means a lot to me." I smiled. "It's my favorite place to hang out with a person standing in this room at this very moment."
Soon enough, I was answering many questions one by one. Those questions spun around topics such as if I like anime-yes, favorite color-green, and favorite food-cherry cake. After a while, about ten minutes, there were still many hands to pick on.
"Oh, you people sure are curious." I commented. "It's okay, I actually like curiousness. Don't ask me any personal questions though!" I frowned, seeing more hands raise up. Then I shrugged, deciding to deal with it for now.
I picked on the male that interrupted your class a bit earlier with a smile. "Are you single?" He blurted out. My lips pressed into a tight line as I stared at him. Another student laughed. "Of course she's not, Mr. Swift must be her husband!"
"Impossible." The male scoffed.
The first girl I picked on giggled, a smile on her face. "Then how do you expect them to have different last names?" She added onto the conversation.
"Isn't her name Taylor?" A female student announced. "Maybe she just uses the last name 'Rush' so she wouldn't be called Taylor Swift!" As soon as the said girl said that, a loud conversation started around the room.
I growled, feeling annoyed by the students. How could they be around our age? That is just impossible, dead impossible! "Silence!" I shouted over the rising volume of voices. The students who were speaking closed their mouths and turned to the front.
You sighed from beside me, placing a hand on top of my fisted hand. "That's your problem." You stated in a calm voice. "Your level of patience is very low, Tay." I looked at you, seeing a frown casted upon your face. I sent you an apologetic look before I looked back at your class. "I'm sorry." I apologized with furrowed eyebrows. "I went too far. I apologize."
"Wow." I overheard what the students were talking about. I gulped, still looking down at the floor instead of their faces. "Did you see the way her personality changed when Mr. Swift touched her hand?"
"Who knew Mr. Swift isn't just a casual stoic all the time?"
"I bet you that they're gonna date by the end of the year." "You're on!"
I looked back up when you silenced them in a calm matter. "It is very rude to interrupt a person when they're answering a question." You scolded mildly, shaking your head in disappointment. "Also, I hope you take this event as an example of what would happen if you raise your voice."
I sighed, taking my hand out of your grasp. This is one eventful class alright. I tried to be like Sakura for the day, giving people a bright smile all day.
"I'm afraid that Ben and I aren't dating." I announced, feeling a tug in my chest. My heart is suddenly beating faster, I wonder why. "I am single for your information, and happy about it."
The male who asked the question slumped back in his seat, grumbling words under his breath. I wasn't sure if anyone else saw that gesture, so I chose to ignore it. "Anyways class." You suddenly called. "I'm giving you a little assignment."