
It's been only three days since I have moved back to the Philippines. I have been studying at Princeton University, becoming one of their best students since I was sixteen. To celebrate, my family took me out to go bowling at the same place where I met you.
The people going are my brother Ray, my cousins-John and Bryan Anderson; Luisa, Mari, Josh, and Kate Gomez; aunt and uncle Lola and Nick Gomez. Yes, the same people there when I was only seven years old.
As always, I brought a book with me. I started reading the second we were there. "Saan na ba sila?" Josh asked impatiently, tapping his foot. I shrugged. How was I supposed to know where his family is?
I took a seat at the far right alley; that's when Ray handed me his camera, which I wrapped around my shoulder. Bryan and Josh made me hold their phones. I growled. Looks like there are things that haven't changed one bit.
"I see them!" Kate cheered, coming from around the corner. I looked up from my book and smiled, seeing the nine year old girl. I closed it shut, picking her up when she was close enough. "Ate Taytay! Ate Taytay!" I spun her around a little before setting her down.
I ruffled her hair. "Hey Katie," I chuckled. "Long time no see. You were only a little girl the last time I saw you." I grinned, showing my teeth. Then Bryan tapped my shoulder. I looked at him, only to see that he was gesturing to go to the other side of the building.
I pouted. We're already at this alley so why do we have to move. I sighed, picking up my book. I grabbed Kate's hand and walked to the alley all the way to the left. I paused for a heartbeat, seeing a guy glancing up at me from the orange couch behind the bowling chairs.
My heart skipped a beat when I caught a glimpse of his blue eyes. He's cute...I shook my head, setting the items down on a table surrounded by four chairs. I waited patiently as one of the employees set the two games. Looks like it's the same arrangements as well. I sat down on the chair in front of the controls and began reading.
Star-Lovers, a book that Mari gave me. It really is enjoyable, for a love story anyway. I only started reading it when I found out that the boy had a split-personality. I was drawn in when the main female had found out that he's the ruler of Gemini-that's a forbidden love.
I looked behind me the same time the boy glanced up. My light brown hair brushed over my white tank top, as I lost myself in his eyes. I blushed a deep red when his eyes caught mine so I looked back onto my book.
He was here with two others. I couldn't help but feel drawn in when I stare into his eyes. He reminds me so much of you that it's like you're here too. That's impossible. Ray told me that you and your brothers had moved out two years after I left. You went to Japan, I heard.
"Ate Taytay," Kate grabbed my right arm. I looked down at the short girl with a faint smile. "Where did you get that? It's like Princess Sofia's amulet, but blue!" The little girl pointed at my necklace with a big grin. I lifted up the blue jewel hesitantly, feeling down when I looked at it.
"Someone special to me gave it to me two days before I left for America." I informed her softly. You felt bad that you couldn't make it to my birthday party a week earlier so you bought me a sapphire necklace. I tried to tell you not to but you're always so stubborn that I couldn't refuse.
I stood up from my seat, my brother's first match halfway done. That's when the boy also stood up from the couch. He was going against this older boy, who was wearing a nineteen eighty's athletic attire. The boy glanced at me from the corner of his eye before starting off.
My eyes followed the ball as it went back and forth. The two boys are really good. I held in a breath when the boy I keep staring at almost missed the ball. I let out that breath when he strongly hit that white ball back to his opponent.