
Andrea's Pov-At Lunch-
"Hey girls!" i say sitting with meghan and tristen.
"hey" they say. "you think they are talking about us ?" Meghan says pointing to the basketball players.
"i dont know,im gonna go find out" i say smirking and getting up.
i walk over to the table and they see me walking that way so they look down.
"hey what are you boys talking about?" i say putting my hands on the table and leaning on it.
"nothing, just talking about cole's party tonight, you coming?" adrian says.
"do you even have to ask?, i never miss a party" i say smirking.
i look over to cole and he nods his head towards the bleachers , signaling for me too meet him over there.
i nod. "well see you later boys" i say smirking.
i walk towards the bleachers and here cole running up to me. "hey wait up!" i turn around and stop, "am i too fast for ya!" i say smirking.
"shut up" he says smirking.we get to the bleachers and sit at the way top.
"so, what's up?" i ask looking at him. "listen bri......i really like you" he says.
that shocked me. "y-you....like me?" i say.
he nods then says "can i try something?" i nod.
he starts leaning in, and at the corner of my eye i can see people looking.
i lean in and then our lips touch, his lips are soft.
our lips start moving in sync, i can feel a spark. we pull apart and he smirks.
"i felt something....did you?" he said . i nod .
"good" he says licking his lips and starts leaning in.
i lean in and we start making out. "hey!" we hear someone yell. we pull apart and i see jack standing at the bottom.
"what the hell is going on here!" he says getting mad.
"i will talk to you later cole" say. he nods kissing my cheek, then getting up and leaving.
i walk down the bleachers a little behind him and i stop where jack is and cole keeps going.
"whats your problem!" i yell
"whats my problem?! , whats yours?!" he yells
"what do you mean!" i say. "what the hell were you doing making out with cole fucking smith?!?!" he yells
"its none of your damn buisness jack! why the hell do you care!" i ask
"maybe because i dont want you to get hurt! he is going to use you for pleasure! he uses every fucking girl! he sleeps with them and then forgets about them!" he yells
"well he told me , he liked me!" i said. jack rolls his eyes and laughs. "your honestly going to believe that bull shit! he says that to every girl he wants to!"
"you know what jack, it really pisses me off that you think i will be stupid enough to fucking sleep with him! you know im still a damn virgin !" i yell saying the last part quietly "cole is not going to try and sleep with me"
"do you know what sabrina.....go ahead fall for his stupid tricks , but when he tries to take advantage of you, dont fucking cone crying to me! fucking understand that! " he says walking off pissed.
whatever , cole wouldnt do that....would he? ......nah he wouldn't.