
~The House Above~
(Sabrinas Pov)
Recap: "yall are so cute!" some lady says. "umm...thank you¿" i say . "you dont know who i am?" the lady asks. i think....and then...
no, no, no, no NO! this cant be.....
"your......
xNowx
"Your .....meghans mom!" i say. she laughs. "yes i am"
i didnt recognize her because meghan only let us at her house 2 times and only one of the times her parents were home.
"wait.....if your here , meghans here? where is she?" i ask freaking out.
"oh she is out back in the pool with her boyfriend cole, im pretty sure you know him jack?" she says. "uh, yes mam i do" he says.
ARE YOU SERIOUS! him too....this was supposed to be a relaxed and amazing summer, but now these two fucking assholes are here!
"im glad you could join us this summer" i say smiling.
i unattach jacks arms from my waist and run upstairs. i hear him behind me. i go to our room, flop on the bed and bury my face in a pillow.
i start crying. i feel jack rub my back. "baby girl everything is going to be fine i promise you ..ok?" he says.
i sit up and wipe my tears, he sits next to me. "jack....what if it isnt?"i say . "baby...." he says lifting my chin and turning my head towards him. "i promise you.....every *kiss* thing *kiss* will *kiss* be *kiss* fine" he says kissing me between words.
i giggle. "ok i believe you" i say. i looked in his eyes and bit my lip. "ugh! baby girl dont do that!" he says laying me down crawling on top of me.
he kisses me and we start making out, but like 30 seconds after we start, his mom yells "KIDS LUNCH IS READY!" jack groans.
i laugh. he gets up and squats a little. "would you like a ride my lady?!" he says in a funny accent. "i would love one, your such a kind gentlemen!"i say hopping on his back.
he laughs. we walk downstairs to see all of our parents taking the food to the table and stuff we have outside. its part of the house.
me and jack walk outside and see sammy, tristen, jj, the bitch and the asshole already sitting at the table.
"ugh! i dont wanna be anywhere near them, i dont even wanna breathe the same air as them!" i say putting my face in the crook of jacks neck. he laughs.
"come on babe just relax, it will be over before you know it" he says. i groan.
we walk towards the table and he puts me down. "finally im starving!" david, jacks dad says .
i giggle. me and jack sit down and i see cole and meghan staring at us. i see tristen got stuck sitting next to the bitch. i look at her and laugh a little. she glares. tristen sticks me the finger.
"alright kiddos dig in!" my mom said.
they made little sandwiches, but there ws A LOT of each kind, and they had a huge fruit platter, and a huge cubed cheese and salami platter. it was like a picnic.
we all got our food and started eating.
"so bri....you excited to be a senior?" cole asks. i feel jack squeeze my thigh, in comfort but not hard.
"uhh, yeah i am , very excited" i say fake smiling.
he winks at me. i see jack tense up. i grab his hand, he looks at me and his face softens. i kiss his cheek.