
"A-are you sure about that?" You stuttered, me not knowing that the first kiss is always memorable. I nodded, reassuring you. You leaned in, your lips brushing against mine. My face turned as red as a tomato, even if you pulled away after half a second.
Unknown to me at the moment, our family was staring at us during the whole scene. Now that I think about, I saw their faces filled with shock. Our mothers gave us a small smile but Ray was giving off an overprotective aura. I really don't count that as a first kiss since it was just pretend and only lasted a heartbeat.
I chuckled out loud, forgetting that you were beside me. "What?" You asked, raising an eyebrow. I blushed, shaking my head lightly. I mumbled, "Nothing. This place just holds many memories."
I didn't hear anything, so I assumed that you nodded in agreement. "Do you remember what happened with Adam when we were in school?" You questioned out of the blue. I turned to look at you, finding your blue eyes staring up at the sky. "When he was force to give his first kiss to Natalie." You smirked, finally turning to look at me. I chuckled once again, remembering the memory.
"Oi, Benja!" The brunette exclaimed, stomping over you. When we were in third grade, you were the best student of our elementary school. You don't even know it, but there were girls that liked you so they were a bit envious. I somehow enjoyed it so I never told you anything. Sorry dude.
Adam stood right in front the both of us, his hazel gaze directed at you- his "rival." Even though you had your strengths and weaknesses, the Vegas boy just had to beat you at everything. No in doubt, he was the idiot of the school.
"What's up, Adam?" You asked casually.
"I challenge you to-"
"Not interested." You bluntly interrupted with a blank look, looking at the chalk board. I glanced at your notes, copying them. Knowing that Adam is going to try to convince you otherwise, you retorted, "Are you deaf?"
The brunette, face red from anger, jumped onto the desk that we were sitting at. Natalie, a ginger that sat on your left side yelled, "A-Adam you idiot! Jump down immediately!" His foot was on her papers, of course she would be angry.
"It's always about Ben, I don't see why it's always about him. He's just an ordinary guy." He muttered with angry guys. I pursed my lips, this might turn into that one Naruto scene. I wish that I can watch that anime right now.
Natalie sighed, crossing her arms just watching the scene. I know that no matter what people will say, it wouldn't change anything. You and Adam are kind of-rivals as you would call it. Like lightning would shoot out of your eyes, you both leaned closer to each other with deadly glares.
Natalie, who just had enough of this, stood up to push you harshly away and glare at Adam. You stared at her, but didn't say a word. Thinking of an idea, I jumped over the desk slyly with a smirk casted upon my face. You saw me, but didn't question it.
"Stop with this crap, Adam!" Natalie growled, their faces inches apart. The brunette grunted, about to jump down; somebody then pushed him in the other direction. He fell forward straight to the redhead and so their lips crashed together. A mischievous grin casted itself on my face. I looked around the boy in front of me, giggling innocently when I saw wide green eyes and a red face that could beat any ginger's hair. The whole class, including you, was speechless.
As you pulled Natalie away from Adam's lips, the girl realized what just happened. "Ew! Don't do this again, Adam!" She shrieked.
"It wasn't my fault!" Adam whined, turning to glare at me. "Taylor pushed me!" I smiled at him with a wink, calmly walking away backwards. Then, as if trying to threaten me, he cracked his knuckles. "God damn you Taylor!" He charged towards me, a blush still on his cheeks.