
Recap: he kisses me......
(Jacks Pov)
i kiss her.......
her lips are so soft, it felt like a fucking zoo in my stomach.
but she doesnt kiss back.....
i knew this was a bad idea....i pull away shaking my head.
but then....what she does shocks me. she puts her hand on the back of my neck and pulls me in.
she kisses me....and i kiss back, i felt so many damn sparks.
we kissed passionately, until we had to pull away to breathe.
she looks at me in my eyes , like she is looking for a sign or something, then she smiles big, which makes me smile.
"you dont know how long i have been wanting to do that for" i say putting my forehead on hers.
"i never knew you liked me?" she said obviously clueless.
"bri......(i take her hands) i've liked you ever since i layed my eyes on you, i just didnt think anything of it, i just thought it was a little crush....but no, every day my feelings got stronger for you, it was that night you called me and i held you in my arms that i knew i was falling for my best friend. im......im in love with my best friend and there is no denying it.....i love you Sabrina Elizabeth Rae" i say.
she lets a tear fall. i wipe it away. "jack........i didnt know i liked you till now, i guess i have just been so blind this whole time......but that doesnt matter you have done enough for me, cared so much about me, been there for me when nobody else was ,  im in love with my best friend, looking back at everything now, i wonder why i never realized i was in love with you " she says
we kiss again. i couldnt be happier right now.
"hey whats going on in here!" sammy says barging in.
we pull apart, he smirks. "were yall kissing!" he yells, then i hear footsteps running up the stairs. "YALL KISSED!" meghan and tristen yell.
sabrina blushes and hides her face in my chest. "aww yall are so cute!" meghan squeals. i just laugh. ___________________-Next Day-
(Sabrinas Pov)
yesterday i found out that sammy and tristen have been going out for 4 months.
i didnt have a problem that she didnt tell me, im not like other best friends that say "im your best friend you need to tell me".
uhhh.......i think not. if she wasnt ready to tell me thats fine, its her buisness not mine.
right now me and tristen are at an ice cream parlor having a day out, meghan is on a date with jj.
tonight jack is taking me on a date......but the fucker wont tell me where!
he said its a "suprise". he smirked when he told me, because he knows i hate suprises.
"look what sammy texted me after i sent him the pic of our ice cream" she shows me the text and i laughed. (txt above, and her outfit.)
i txt jack.
To:Jacky
'So.....your mad at me?'                            Seen✔
From:Jacky
'no babe, im upset that you got ice cream without us'
To:Jacky
'Fine you big baby, what do you want?'                          seen✔