
"G-Got it!" Lauren stuttered, running towards the wooden door. Why were you all so panicked? Who is this Sakura? "Hey!" Jeff's angry tone made me jump up in surprise. "Get over here and hide!"
The dark haired boy grabs my arm and pulls me towards him. "Wha-" Before I could finish my sentence, your brother harshly pushed me into a closet. Wait, why do you guys have a closet in the living room again?
"S-Sakura!" I heard the smoky but lively voice of Lauren from where I stand. "Hey, can you hold on for-"
"Let me see Adam!" A high pitched voice demanded, the sound of the wooden floor very clear as someone stomped their foot. "Where is he?!"
Curious to what was going on in the living room, I peeked outside the closet. "He's in his room." You informed the person, crossing your arms. You moved away, me getting a clear view of what the girl looks like.
A round face, side swept dirty blonde hair, brown thin eyebrows, and her eyes. I couldn't believe it-someone had way prettier eyes than the emerald green Lauren inherited from genetic mutation. Not plain nor emerald green, this girl's eyes were a mixture of lime and forest green. They shined brightly, despite how dim the living room currently was. All I could think of was: That's Sakura? She's very beautiful.
"Hey!" I heard a boy's voice come. From what I could see, Adam walked down the stairs; he smiled at the sight of the blonde girl. "I thought I heard your voice. It's been a while, Saku."
"Adam!" Sakura exclaimed, her frown slowly fading away. The corners of her mouth disposed the dip of disappointment and lifted into a smile-or what seemed to be a grin. The blonde girl runs up and embraces the brunette.
I blinked, wondering if those two are lovers. "Long time no see," Adam closed his eyes to chuckle. "What brings you all the way out here?"
"I wanted to see you, obviously!" Her smile grew wider, and her eyes seemed like they sparkled when she pulled away from each other. The boy grinned, wrapping his left arm around her shoulders. He replied, "I wanted to see you too, Saku."
I noticed the gentleness of Adam's body motions as he wraps his arms around Sakura. He's smiling; he looks so happy. Remembering the poem he got, I finally get it. It looks like he just plays around about women and makes inappropriate jokes but he does have his one true love.
"I wish I could live here with you, Addie." The blonde sighed, snuggling her face in Adam's chest. "I haven't seen you since you left Japan three years ago."
Suddenly, my nose started feeling funny. As it suddenly started rushing out, I clapped my hands over my mouth; I managed to hold the coming sneeze down. Did it go away?
"Ah-Achoo!" I sneezed, my brown eyes closing. Then after a half a second, my brown eyes snapped open. I gulped, hearing the yelp of a female. "What was that?!" I heard Sakura exclaim. Damn it, now she'll really now that I'm here. Footsteps were stomping on the wooden floors, my heartbeat suddenly raising.
The closet swung open harshly, revealing a closer look of the slightly chubby face. "I knew it!" She growled, taking hold of my forearm tightly. I winced, Sakura's red painted nails digging deep into my skin.
"You do have another girl in this house!" She hissed, pulling me out of the closet. I tripped on the edge, not by how she pulled me, and fell to the floor. She gripped my light brown hair with a strong hold, making me cry out of pain. "Are you just another of Addie's toys? Well face it freak, I'm his girlfriend!"
"W-Wait, Saku!" Adam stuttered out of fear, wrapping his arms around her waist. You, on the other hand, gripped her right wrist as Jeff took hold of her arm. "She's not another of my toys!"