
"Well y-yeah, but it's not what you think!" Sakura yelled. I clenched my jaw, feeling more frustrated at the situation. Sakura, a person who has become somewhat of my friend, is getting abused?! The blonde girl yelped, making me loosen my grip on her wrist.
Finding an opportunity, Sakura pulled her wrist out of my grasp quickly; she frowned at me. "I don't self-harm or get abused," She assured me, rubbing her wrist in circles. "I have skin disease-eczema."
I stayed silent, still looking at her arm in disbelief. The blonde girl sighed, removing her left hand from her wrist. I held in a breath as she gripped the hem of her white long sleeves, pulling it upward. I stopped her from getting further when I saw her bra. "Stop it, Sakura! Have you have no shame?!"
The blonde girl stopped, looking at me with a puzzled emotion. "Dude, I'm a designer." She told me once again. "Nudity doesn't faze me as much as you think it would. Trust me on that."
My cheeks turned slightly red as the girl beside me took off her shirt fully. I have seen girls half naked before; but that doesn't mean that I'm used to it. I get uncomfortable dressing in front of my own cousins. That thought faded away immediately when I saw Sakura's upper body.
Her arms were red, some were rashes but others were cuts. She had a visible white scar running from her right wrist going up her arms, curving around until it hit her elbow. The parts where her arms meet her torso were completely red. Her left collarbone was bleeding slightly still, but it was kind of fading away. "This is the pain of skin disease, my friend." Sakura joked.
The blonde girl lifted her face up, showing me that her neck was also marked with rashes and what seems like cuts. I prevented myself from flinching; I imagined the pain that Sakura must feel whenever those bruises were fresh.
"Don't worry, it's the start of me getting better." Sakura tried, giving me a crooked smile. I stared at her in disbelief, not accepting the way she was easily handling the disease. "I went to the dermatologist immediately once I had arrived." The blonde informed me, swinging her shirt towards the bed.
Sakura stood up from the teal chair, my eyes never leaving her dry skin. She opened a little cabinet that was connected to her desk and pulled out a bottle. The blonde held it up for me to see the label. "I was given medicine to apply, and it is grand!" She smiled brightly. "My skin is getting better and soon enough, it'll be clear!"
Then her smile dropped after a heartbeat. "The problem is," Her voice cracked as she placed the medicine back into the cabinet. The blonde made me worry hearing that tone, but I stayed silent as she walked over to her closet. She took out a light blue tank top and put it on before turning to me with sad eyes. "I can't even eat anything I want!!"
My mouth opened agape, and I raised my left eyebrow out of confusion. "What?"
"You heard me!" Sakura moaned, slamming herself onto her bed. "I can't eat chicken, ramen, candy, or worst of all: I can't eat chocolates!"Quietness overtook me so I decided not say anything in fear that I might say something stupid. "It's torture!" Sakura continued, flipping herself so her body was facing the ceiling. "Everyone knows that food is the key to life. Without food, then what purpose do I have in this place?!"
I gulped, just staring at the girl as the back of her hands slam back and forth on her bed. Another thing that I have learned about this girl in a day: she's a bit of a drama queen. Then again, let's face it. All girls tend to be drama queens every once in a while.
"How long do you have do this weird form of diet?" I asked, deciding to sit next to the green-eyed girl. She placed her arms over her eyes and muttered, "One week. I can't last four more days!"