
-Later That Night-(outfits above)
"hey did you hear jack isnt going to coles party?" meghan said.
"what! why not?" i ask putting mascara on.
"i dont know? i just heard he wasn't " i rolled my eyes.
"whatever"
"yall ready?" i ask "lets go party!" tristen says, and we leave to coles house.
-At Coles House-
we walk in and you can smell the alcohol and weed . you see sweaty bodys grinding everywhere, people making out.
yup! just another cole smiths party....
"well hello beautiful"cole says . "hey" i say blushing. "you look good, like really good!" he said looking me up and down.
"thank you" i say. "you want something to drink?" he asks. "sure" "ok i will be back" i nodd.
"hey bri!" i look straight ahead and see sammy. "hey wilkinson" i gave him a hug. "you look nice" he said. "thanks , you dont look to bad yourself wilkinson" he smirks.
"is gilinsky here?" i ask. "nope , he didnt tell you he wasn't coming ?" he asks.
"no, me and him got in a fight " i said . "about what?" he said confused because me and gilinsky NEVER fight.
"about me with c-
i was cut off my cole saying "here you go beautiful!" handing me a red cup. "thank you!" i say. sam looks at me confused.
"well.... i will talk to you later bri" sam said walking off.
"wanna dance ?" cole ask "sure" i chug my drink down and we go on the dance floor.
i started feeling funny. me and cole were dancing , more like grinding. i had my back against him and he was holding on to my hips, and i was swaying them to the music.
"hey baby lets go upstairs where its quieter" cole says . i just follow. i felt dizzy and funny. but i fought whatever was making me this way.
"ladies first " he said walking in the room. i walked in and i heard him close the door and ......lock it?
"cole, why did you lock the door?" i ask standing up from the bed.
"dont worrg about it baby, just relax im gonna make you feel so good" he said coming closer his eyes darker than usual.
i back up all the way until i hit the back of the bed and fall back . he gets on top of me and starts feeling me up.
"cole! get off ! stop it!" i say trying to get him off.
"come on baby lets just have some fun" he smirks and kisses me , i dont kiss back.
"kiss me bitch!" he says slapping me hard in the face. i whimper and cry.
"quit crying bitch!" he says slapping me even harder.
i cry. "cole get off, i dont wanna have sex with you! im still a virgin " i say. fuck no one was supposed toknow that.
he smirks and his eyes looked like that got even more dark, if its even possible his eyes were filled with so much lust.
he starts unbuckling his belt and then her takes of his jeans and shirt.
"ahh ....an unexperienced one....this is going to be fun!" he says licking his lips, he starts dragging his hand up my thigh getting closer to my area.