
There were complaints and whines heard from the crowd of students. You chuckled, crossing your arms. You gave out a sly smirk. "Don't worry, I'm not giving you the choice to do this assignment for the weekend." You assured them, gaining their interests.
"I'm giving you guys an offer." You mentioned with a grin, flashing your teeth. "If you write a full page essay based upon the book How to Kill a Mockingbird then how about I invite Ms. Mason next Friday?"
Ms. Mason? Do you mean Lauren? I looked up at the students' eyes brightening up and a large grin taking over their faces. They cheered but you held up a hand. "However, I must get about fifteen entries; any more then I'll give you guys the day off and we can have a relaxed day."
As the students cheered and started excitedly talking to one another, I turned to you with a confused gaze. "You can do that?" I asked you. You smiled, nodding in response. "I'd figure these kids need a break," You sheepishly told me.
Before I could ask you what you mean, you beat me to speaking. "The principal, Mr. Hill, allows teachers to have a free day. We only have two passes throughout our time working here which builds up every year we come here. I haven't used any of my passes so I have six day offs."
I smiled back at you. "Sounds like fun." I asserted, seeing you sit in your seat. You clasped your hands together, resting them on your desk. "Let me guess. My moment to shine has been overshadowed by the almighty professor?"
You chuckled hitting my feet from under the desk. "Just assist me whenever I need it, alright Tay?" You requested, your eyes holding a pleading look.
I pouted. I hated the fact that you know that look is one of my many weaknesses. "Alright Ben," I gave in, closing my eyes. "Just please don't give that look, it's like looking at a puppy who opened its eyes for the first time."
You laughed, closing your eyes. "Just face it, I'm cute." You babbled like a baby. I laughed along, not paying attention to how the room eerily went silent. "Whatever you say, Benny." I lisped, sitting on a chair by the corner.
At that moment, I started to watch you as you taught your class. It all went by in a haze, so I didn't really remember what you were saying nor did I really care.
As I sat in your class, just staring at you the whole time, I couldn't help but be amazed. There, you didn't seem like the Benjamin that I grew up with. You were a professional teacher that goes by the name-Mr. Swift.
I did help, answering some questions that you threw out of the blue to help the students. I handed out guide sheets or whatever you made me pass out without hesitation, the only way my eyes tore off you. The students were all taking notes, listening carefully to every single word you say. You're so admired by people here.
It was like you're the light. At this very moment, you were shining so brightly. I wanted to look away, but I couldn't. It's like everywhere else, it's just dim while you're the glowing light source. You were the only one my vision could make stand out. That thought alone made my heart beat faster.
I couldn't understand why. I know that I don't have to pay attention to your lecture, but I couldn't help wanting to see you like this again. With me, you weren't a different person from the one I'm seeing right now. You were just acting more mature out of instinct; something that I fail to do most of the time. You really are an admirable person.
I smiled softly. Maybe today wouldn't go so bad after all.