
The next day, I knew that something very weird is gonna happen. You know, that feeling you have in your chest when you wake up in the morning giving you a hint of what's going to happen that day? Yeah, that's what I felt.
After a few minutes when I woke up, Luisa came in my room. "Hey cuz." She greeted, setting down a stack on clothes on my bed. I nodded, acknowledging her presence. "Sabi ni mommy na dapat mong magsuot ito ngayon."
I sat up, groaning because of my lack of energy. "What's up, you seem in a funk." Luisa blinked, barely showing any emotion. "Something happen with Ben?"
"Someone said Ben?" A little girl appeared in the doorway. We both looked at the sudden interruption, seeing Kate with a grin. I rolled my eyes, slamming my back against my soft gray mattress.
The door closed, Kate holding a brown teddy bear close to her chest. I sat up, removing the blankets away from my body. I stood up, stretching my limp muscles. "No, I just have a weird feeling that something interesting is gonna happen today." I admitted, scratching my light brown hair.
I ripped my night gown off of my body, standing in only my white underwear. Luisa handed me a white-pink top, a pink cherry blossom on the left boob area. As I finished putting the top on, a pair of white shorts hit my face.
I glared at Luisa, who shrugged and innocently started whistling. I changed into the white shorts, grabbing a brush a while later. "Why were you so tired yesterday?" Luisa asked me. I shrugged, struggling to untangle my messy hair. I frowned saying, "I didn't wear shoes the whole day. My feet still hurts."
"Oh," My cousin nodded. "No wonder why Ben carried you to your room." I blushed, remembering that I passed out. The only thing I felt was someone's lean arms. "Aw, ng kikilig si Taylor!"
I blushed harder, throwing the dark haired girl my brush. She dodged as it neared her face, giving me a funny look as it passed by. "I'm going next door, don't follow me!" I growled, pushing my way out of the restroom.
I ran out of the house, my face still feeling hot. I slammed the door to your house open, startling you when a loud Bang was heard. You, Jeff, and Lauren all turned around surprised to see me-especially since I'm panting.
You stood up from your seat, removing the silver fork out of your mouth. "Hey Tay, what's wrong with you?" You casually asked, pursing your lips. I shook my head, rubbing my forehead with my index and thumb. I sighed, "Nothing, nothing at all."
You gave me a lopsided grin, putting a hand on your hip. "By the way your face is red, something arousing happened or was said," Lauren winked, chuckling. I stuck my tongue out, not wanting to deal with her shit right now.
I looked around the place, suddenly missing a certain brunette. Although, it's going to be kind of awkward being around Adam after last night. The only thing is-he's not here. "Where's Adam?" I managed to get out.
"Holed up in my room," You did your signature move-pursing your full lips. "Thanks, he's got a bit of a bruise on his cheek now."
I opened my mouth to say something but I was interrupted by a feminine voice shouting, "Hey! Is Sato-Adam here?" I turned to the sudden noise coming from the outside of your house.
"That voice..." You trailed off, a shocked look on your face. Then your eyes widened, as if a sudden realization attacked your small brain. "Is that Sakura?!" I couldn't speak, stunned by your suddenly freaked out tone. Finding my voice, I finally spoken, "...Sakura?"
"Oh shit, this is bad." Jeff tsked, standing up from his seat. His gray eyes traveled from the door, to me, to his lover. The emerald-eyed girl noticed his actions as well, for she stood up after a heartbeat. "Lauren! Quick! Stop her!"