
I saw the blonde girl laughing, taking a sip out of her drink. I frowned, wondering why she's hanging out with strangers. "Sakura!" I hollered out loud with narrowed eyes. With my sudden outburst, some people at the store stopped and looked at me.
I didn't pay attention to them as my gaze focused on the blonde girl. Sakura turned to look at me with a confused face before she lifted up her hand and waved.
I opened my mouth to speak but I was beaten to it by someone else-more like two other people.
"Hey Tay!"
"Sup Sexy Taylor?"
"What are you two idiots doing here?" I ask, stomping towards the sudden visit. The brunette sitting next to Sakura's left just gave me a sly smirk. He chortled, "Check your phone, Taylor."
I did what Adam told me to, looking down on my phone. I imputed my passcode before it took me to a screen. I groaned, realizing that I had mistaken Sakura's contact for Adam's contact. "Adam and Sakura's names are not even close to each other." You lisped. "How did you get them confused?"
I shrugged, turning off my phone once again. "Well you see," I jeered. "I may or may not have Adam here as 'Sadist' so..."
"What?!" Adam screeched, slamming his hands on the table. He stood up immediately, his head turning to face me. His body turned completely around so we were face-to-face. I didn't flinch when he gave me a very scary death glare. I just stared back at him, the tension in the air very noticeable. Our eyes were staring back and forth at the other; it was as if lightning was coming out.
"Excuse me miss, sir." An employee called from the counter. The two of us didn't even glance at the nervous female so she just turned to look at you. "Your friends are causing such great disturbance; I wouldn't hesitate to kick you out if this continued."
Noticing the looks the four of us were getting from the other customers, you obviously grew irritated. "No point in trying to fight Tay, bro." You attempted to stop us. You sighed, leaning back in your seat. You grabbed your drink and took a sip; you continued, "You know what she's like."
Adam clenched his jaw, your words finally-but slowly setting into his peanut brain. After a couple heartbeats, his hazel gaze broke away from mine with a hateful emotion. I smirked, finally breaking out of my trance. "I can't believe you're still friends with her." Adam grumbled.
"Sato..." Sakura sputtered. I looked over at the blonde girl, looking at her partner with worry flashing in her beautiful green eyes. I know I've mentioned her eyes too much but there's no doubt that I really want colored eyes. Anyways; you and I both watched the girl as she gently placed a hand on his left hand.
I was amazed when I saw Adam's shoulders went down. The intense feelings that I saw literally a few seconds ago had disappeared microscopically. He closed his mouth, finally letting go of his clenched jaw. You let out a warm-hearted chuckle, seeing that your friend had completely calmed down. Adam angrily pulled out his chair, deciding to sit back down.
I let out a faint smile, walking around Sakura's chair. Although, I laid a hand on her shoulder for such a short time. Sakura looked up at me, to which I gave her a little wink in return. The blonde girl blushed, looking down at her drink. That all happened in a mere five seconds.
I chuckled, taking a seat across the said flustered girl. My happy demeanor suddenly changed into an eerie yet serious aura. "Sakura." I mumbled in a calm voice. "Why did you leave me alone at North Green Park?"