
"Because we're meant to be together!" My wolf said. "You need her, like she needs you" he said reassuringly.When I heard her whisper, my heart quickened. What's happening to me? I never felt this way before. Because of my gaze she looked away, I growled. When the alpha said that she is there daughter and she is mother Luna, I was shocked. A mother Luna hasn't been born within a thousand years, and here's one right in front of me, and she's my mate. How can this small yet beautiful girl be all mine?
After a while I heard her sigh. She spoke up and said that she was going to leave. I saddened on the inside and whimpered. I did what? I don't whimper, I quickly regained myself. Her father the alpha had told her to bring James over. Who's James? My blood boiled, I don't want her anywhere near a guy, especially when she is unmarked.
She stalked away and went through the crowd. I talked with the alpha for a while and my wolf quickly said "some things wrong with our mate"  I quickly dismissed myself and jogged through the crowd. I heard a scream then a cry. I dashed through the people shoving them. I see a guy touching my mate. Rage was fueling me, as a alpha your more overprotective than most other wolves. I tackled him to the ground and started choking him. Alpha Heart pulled me off of him. I yelled "Mate! If anyone touches her your dead!" I made sure everyone heard.
I rushed over to my mate about to sooth her when she said "don't touch me" I growled because I wanted to help her.
Her mother told me that when she's in pain she doesn't like to be touched but then there are times when I can. If I'm going to have her I have to know what to do in these kinds of situations. I heard her say "go to the borderline now" and she gasped, her pain slowly dwindling.
The same guy that I tackled was about to walk up to her when I growled at him. I whimpered when she said "stop it" in her shaky pained voice. She slowly rises up and headed to the staircase. I saw bruises forming on her arms and back. I tensed. I wanted to follow her but her mother said to give her time.
I stormed out of the pack house and paced the lawn. Why? Why now? I punch the brick house making a slight crack in it. This is why I never engaged in women, they are nothing but your weakness. I can't have her, I must reject her.
Author's Note: Well? I know I know its probably bad but I just wanted to see if its any good or not! Well thanks for reading! Bye! @brightlights101