
Harry laughed but hastily covered his mouth once he realized his family may hear him.
'Okay I don't have time for more of this bullshit.'
'Goodnight Harry.'
Louis cringed as he mentioned his name after what seemed to be a lifetime. It was weird.
'Goodnight Louis.'
Harry was left confused. Bullshit? What was Louis even talking about?
-----
Harry awoke with his phone ringing loudly, the sound irritating Harry's ears. He hurried over and grabbed his phone, squinting slightly as the sunlight of the day shun to his sensitive eyes.
He swiped on his screen, making the loud irritating sound stop. He figured it was an alarm he'd accidentally turned on, and placed his phone back on the bedside table.
He sunk down in his sheets and closed his eyes involuntarily, slowly loosing conscious.
"Harry? Hello?" A faint voice said.
Wait.
Harry lunged forward, quickly grabbing his phone.
"Hey! What's up?" Harry said nervously to the now silent phone.
"Okay, I'm gonna be nice today and ignore that awkward silence." Zayn chuckled.
"Thanks." Harry said sheepishly.
"So, what do you think about going to the skate ramps nearby and try them out eh?" Zayn suggested.
"Zayn, you know I can't skate." Harry furrowed his brows, unaware of what Zayn wanted from this.
"I know, I know." Zayn said. "I just wanted you to have fun and do something new, something out of your comfort zone."
"But why now?" Harry grimaced at the offer and didn't find himself reasoning with Zayn.
"Pure coincidence." Zayn lied.
"Oh."
"So, do you want to? Yes or no?" Zayn said excitedly.
"I don't really feel like it so I think it's a-"
"Okay cool I'll pick you up in a few minutes!"
"But I said n-"
"See ya!"
And the line cut off.
That bastard, Harry thought.
----
"Look, I brought a helmet just incase you fall and in some weird way, land on your head." Zayn patted the black helmet in his hand, along showing the other protection for his knees, elbows and hands.
"But what if I fall on my face?" Harry said worriedly, getting more anxious by every minute.
Zayn shrugged. "You'll probably look good without teeth anyway."
Harry stopped in his tracks. "What?!"
"I was kidding!" Zayn rubbed Harry's back. "You'll probably only loose your front teeth."
"You're an idiot." Harry said as he pushed Zayn playfully.
"We both are, that's why we're friends." Zayn chuckled.
"Wait what time is it? I never got the chance to look." Harry said as he patted his pockets, searching for the phone he left at home.