
Cameron's POV:When she left the room, I was furious, beyond furious. How could I? I should of trusted my mate, and not Kyle. To think she thought I didn't want her, and that she wanted me, and she should of trusted her instinct, made something in me explode. What have I done? I hate to see her cry because of me.
"I tried to tell you! But you didn't listen to me! Now you pushed away the one person we care about! Jackass!" Zach yelled.My inner wolf is starting to come out, and whatever gets in my way is going to be destroyed.
I start throwing things around, putting all my anger out on the room. I started punching the walls, and throwing anything that I saw.I smelt Damien, but right now I need to let out steam then I'll call him in. The pack doctor left looking scared, I'm glad he left or he would be needing a coffin real soon.
I heard a door close nearby and a whimper."She's in pain, and it's all your fault for not trusting her. She's mother Luna for Christ sakes! She is kind, generous, loving, she's everything your not! She fits with us perfectly, and look what you have done. The mother Luna is suppose to be happy and care free, and right now she is sad and closed off. Rosaline is delicate, she is valuable to anyone, and anyone would be glad to have her. Do you want that to happen?" He says angry.
"No" I growl."Then blow off steam, and go find Damien and make everything better with out mate...got it!" Zach says."Got it!" I say.
All night long I trashed my room, technically our room, but she's in the spare room. Which made me mad and sad, because I want her near me.
Later... Morning "I called you in here to discuss about what happened yesterday" I say sternly."Okay, what do you want to know?" He said."Start from the beginning"
Five minutes later..."Then she collapsed on the floor, unconscious."My face held anger but appreciation for my mate. She's already gaining my packs trust, and she already has a bond with them, she's even risking her life to save them. She is one in a million, I don't deserve her.
"I'm such an idiot!" I say putting my hands in my face."You think" he has the audacity to say.I growl "shut up!""Why would you believe Kyle in the first place?" He says."I don't know" I muffle."Yeah okay, so where's Rosaline?""Still in the spare room..." I say sighing."Oh...well I'm going to go... Is that all alpha?""Yes that's all, you may go" I say dismissing him.
Now all I have to do is get back what's mine!
Author's Note: Well here's another! I hope you guys are liking it so far... thanks for reading! Bye!  @brightlights101