
He rises towering over me. I look up at him and he connects our lips. He wraps his strong arms around my waist lifting me up off the ground. I gasp which gains him entrance into my mouth. We pull away breathless. He leans our foreheads together."Yes I accept you" he says.
Cameron's POV:I can't believe she's giving me a chance! With what I have done and what I am, she isn't judging my past nor my present. No one has ever given me a chance. Everyone fears me, she doesn't. I can't take her kindness for granted...she's being nice, loving, and caring, I can't ruin her. She is my other half that I can't seem to get away from. She is filling that void that I never intended in having.
As I follow her up the staircase she stops. She sits on the staircase, silent. I become worried. I kneel down by her. I look at her eyes and they are white. She's breathing heavy. What's happening?
"Rosaline? What's wrong?" I ask."Double up on border control tonight" she says her hazel eyes coming back. I look at her confused."Do you want your men to be injured?" She says sternly with concern laced in her voice."No" I say gruffly."Then go!" She says. I huff and get up leaving the house.Why do I need to double up? There's no need."She's mother Luna! If she says something you must listen. As mother Luna they receive visions, some causing pain, and some warnings, like this one. She was warning us about something because this time she wasn't in pain. Thank god! Trust me!" Zach said."Okay" I say. As I get to the pack house I tell my men to double up. What's going to happen?
Rosaline's POV:When I heard the door slam, I sighed and slowly got up, feeling light headed. I made my way up the stairs. What an eventful day. I hope by doubling up fighters, there will be less injured. As I got to the room I turned off the light and went to the bed. This is the first time I have ever been in a bed with a guy. Back at my old pack I never dated anyone, I mainly kept to myself, the only person that I liked was James, he's like a big brother to me.
I got to the bed and pulled back the covers. I climbed in yawning. His sent is cascaded throughout the sheets, soothing me to sleep.
I felt the bed dip in, and something grabbing my waist and pulling me into something warm and hard.
"Cameron?" I whisper. The grip on me tightens. "Yeah?""Nothing, goodnight" I say closing my eyes."Goodnight Rosaline!" He whispers into my neck, making me shiver.So much has happened in one day! What more is there to come?
Author's Note: Well here it is...what do you think? I know I'm not that good, but at least I'm trying ha! Well thanks for reading! Bye! @brightlights101