
All rights reserved...@brightlights101
"DAD!!! MOM!!!" I screamed at the top of my lungs. Its in the middle of the night, and I am in excruciating pain. When I'm in pain something is happening outside of the pack, either an attack is forming, or someone is hurt. I had a vision, now its confirmed.
My dad bursted through the door first following behind was my mom. "What's wrong?" My mom said worried, rushing over to my bed side. My eyes were screwed shut. The pain was intense. I've been through this multiple times, but the pain is still unbearable.
"There's a pack outside of the borderline, and multiple are injured" I say crying. Whatever they feel I feel. Then James comes in saying the same thing. My dad was already on it, by the time James barged in. Worried filled his eyes when he saw me in pain. James is my best friend, he's the betas son. My mom was rubbing my back soothingly. My face was soaked with my tears. Every movement I made was unbearable.
"Your doing amazing sweetheart!" My mom said softly. Did I mention that I'm a werewolf. My mom is Luna and my dad is the alpha, and I'm mother Luna. I'm basically the moon goddess daughter, but my mom is my mom no matter what.
The pain started to pass, and my breathing started to become calm again. "Sweetheart I've got to tend to the others! Will you be ok by yourself?" She asks."Yes..." I said shakily.
She got up and left the room, closing the door behind her. I breathe in an out trying to calm myself down. This week I turned eighteen, I bloomed late, as in I didn't shift till the night of my eighteenth birthday. Your usually suppose to shift at sixteen but that didn't happen. No one knows why though.
I'm having my party in two days, and my inner wolf Seige is really excited, and she won't tell me why?! I hope I meet my mate, I haven't found him yet, and I'm extremely nervous. What if he doesn't like me? What if he doesn't want me? If he doesn't than I will be broken.
A knock came from the door. I whispered "come in", with canine hearing my dad entered the room.
"Thank you sweetheart! You saved many lives back there! I'm so proud of you!" He said softly. I smiled...I'm very valuable. People have tried to take me and some succeeded. I was brutally beaten once, they have experimented on me and did things I do not want to go back to, and I have the scars to prove it.
My powers are used for good, not for bad. I'm too delicate, I'm like a flower. My beauty is natural, I'm not a girl who likes to get frilled up! Even my wolf is beautiful, I'm a white blue eyed wolf, which is really really rare. The abilities that I possess is healing others, seeing visions, and bringing peace, comfort and love.
"Thanks dad" I said tiredly. He sensed that I was weak and kissed my forehead whispering "goodnight my princess". He left the room and my eyes shut closed putting me into a deep slumber sleep.
Author's Note: Hey guys this is my first book on Wattpad! Tell me what you think, and if I should continue...thanks for reading! Bye! @brightlights101