
All rights reserved...@brightlights101
Rosaline's POV:I wake up to the sun in my eyes and something holding me in place. I try to wiggle out of its grip."Let go!" I whine and groan."No!" He says in his deep raspy voice.I huff and roll over on my side facing him."Can you let go please!" I say extending the please part."No" he says again, with his eyes still closed. "Ugh!" I say hitting my head on his chest. I hear a deep chuckle erupt from his chest.
I raised my head up, raising my eyebrow."Did I hear what I just heard?" I say with amusement. He opens his eyes and looks at me."What did you hear?" He said confused."Oh nothing, if you didn't hear it, than I guess I didn't either!" I say giggling.
He brought me closer, leaving no space untouched. Both my hands go on his broad chest. I look up at him slowly, he had a smirk on his face.
"Did you know you are very stubborn in the morning?" I ask him."No I think your the first to say that...everyone else is to scared to say anything to me" he says cocky. I roll my eyes and sigh."So what exactly did you hear?" He asks."Oh nothing" I say taping his chest. "Just a chuckle" I say smirking.
"I do not chuckle" he said plainly.I laugh "sure" patting his chest. I slip out of his grip and head to the bathroom. I come back out running my fingers through my hair, pulling it up and putting it in a bun.
I'm standing there awkwardly. His gaze still on me."What?" I ask"You have nice legs""Ummm? Thank you?" I say laughing."I think this is where you complement me?" He says."Ha!" I say walking out the door."Hey! Where are you going?!" He hollers. I make my way down the staircase bumping into something. I step back and mumble "sorry".
I look up at the person. I have no idea who this is, but he seems very off, I'm not getting a good vibe from him. "You better be doll face!" He growls. He looks me up and down, I'm still in a shirt and pajama shorts.
"I'll let it slide just this once because I plan on..." He was cut off by an immense growl."Oh Alpha Riker, I was just introducing myself to this fine piece of meat! Do you intend on sharing her?" He says with a devilish smirk. I back away, uncomfortable and scared.
In a flash Cameron is on top of him. "Don't touch my mate! You can't have her Kyle!" He yells in his face."I'm sorry I didn't know!" He says."Well next time you better think twice about what you say and do! Got it?" He growled."Yes alpha!" He said.
He let him go. "What do you want? Why are you in my house?" He ordered."We need to talk about last night, sir!""Let's talk in my office" he said walking off with Kyle walking behind him. Must be about the attack that happened last night. The vision that I had last night was a rogue attack forming near the borderline. They better be thankful that I warned them before hand, because in my vision there were multiple injured.
I walked back up the stairs to change. I grabbed a blue cut off sweater, and some short shorts, with my white vans, I kept my hair in a messy bun.
As I walk back down the stairs the door to Cameron's office opens. Kyle steps out eyeing me. I shift uncomfortably. I look at the ground. He growls and leaves.
"Rosaline! Come here!" I hear Cameron call for me. I walk into the room, his office."Y-yes?" I say nervous.He looks me up and down, no emotion. I gulp."I wanted to say thanks for the warning last night" he says and looks back at his paper work."Your welcome" I whisper. I haven't been this nervous and scared of him the day I hid behind my father, and that was yesterday. What's wrong with him? I dismiss myself and walk to the door. My wolf whimpers. I just need to give him space. Something happened in there and he doesn't seem to want to see me.