
All rights reserved...@brightlights101
Rosaline's POV:As I get closer into town, I become shy and quiet, trying not to be seen. That was then I was noticed by children. Children love me, especially when I'm like another mother to them. Children were always drawn to me, I give off a sense of security, love and comfort.
A little girl comes up to me crying."What's wrong Anna?" I knew her name because once I stepped onto Cameron's territory, all the names were instantly locked into me. "Are you mother Luna?" She says crying."Yes? Why?" I asked concerned."Something's wrong with my daddy. He won't stop bleeding from his tummy..." She says sobbing.
I pick her up in my arms, and dash down the street. I also know where everybody lives. Luckily I spot Damien, he looks at me concerned."What's wrong?" He asks looking from me to the little girl that's crying on my shoulder."I can't explain! I need your help! Come with me now!" He nods and runs with me to a house nearby. I'm going to need him to hold down the man, because what I'm about to do is going to hurt like a bitch.
As we walk in the door, you were instantly hit with the smell of blood. I put the girl down and she runs into the living room. Damien and I follow pursuit. When we get over there you see a man on the couch bleeding, looking weak. A woman besides him notices us and looks scared. Her daughter goes up to her.
"Mommy! This is the mother Luna! She's going to help daddy!" She tells her mother. The lady comes up to me saying "please".
"I will do everything I can Ruth!" I say soothing her. She nods, tears falling down her face. I motion for Damien to follow. We arrive by the couch the man's breathing is shallow.The man speaks "no, no I'm fine" he coughs."Robert, just trust me! I will help you" I reassure him.
"This is going to hurt, I'm not going to lie, I'll make this fast and easy okay?" I say. He nods. I look at Damien who looks terrified."Hold him down" I order. He freezes."Damien look at me! Hold him down... Do you want him to die?" I whisper so Anna wouldn't hear. He shakes his head no.
"Then get over here and hold him down" I say."It's going to be okay..." I added. He walks over to the man and holds him securely.
I lock in with my inner mother Luna. My eyes turning to a different color, I'm in complete Luna phase. I put both my hands on either sides of Roberts head. All my energy starts making there way to his wound. The man thrashes around, yelling in pain. Damien is still keeping a good grip on him.
After a while Robert stops moving. I let go and I go back to my regular self. I think I used up to much energy this time because I'm getting dizzy and weak but I have to pull through. As I got up I instantly fell to the ground, darkness consuming me. All I remember is Damien rushing over to me screaming my name.
Damien's POV:When I saw the man start to heal I was in shock. This was incredible! Rosaline is very special, and Cameron's one lucky man to have someone like her, who is generous, loving, and kind. She's an angel. Trust me when I say this, this pack will do anything in our power to protect her.
As Rosaline stood up, she looked weak. She collapsed onto the floor. I ran over to her calling out her name. She was out. I instantly mind linked Alpha Riker.
"Rosaline...mother Luna, is weak and unconscious! I need you here now! I'll meet you halfway with her" I say worried."WHAT! I'M ON MY WAY!" My alpha yelled and disconnected our mind link. I picked her up and ran past Ruth and Anna with mother Luna in my arms. Everyone was staring, moving out of my way before I land them on their asses.
I'm halfway there when I see Alpha Riker approach. He looked extremely angry, I didn't want to give her to him while he's like this. I back up. He growls.