
"Yeah and you're two years older than them."
"Exactly!" Harry shrieked. "It'll be even more embarrassing when they see me, a teenager, make an ass of myself and possibly fall on my face!"
"Are you asking me to hold your hand while you go down the ramp?" Zayn pouted his lower lip. "Is Hawy a wittle baby?"
"I know exactly what you're doing!" Harry shouted as he poked at Zayn's chest. "And it's goddamn working." He added and crossed his arms.
"Good! Come on, put on your helmet and we'll start!"
Harry followed Zayn like a tail, watching his own steps as he did. He couldn't afford tripping over his own feet and making a fool of himself.
When it was finally time for their stop, Zayn placed his skateboard on the ground. The ramp they'd stopped at would generously be considered a ramp, as it was almost flat. Zayn didn't want the younger boy to injure himself, he just wanted him to try it out.
"Okay, so first of all, do you have all your protection on?" Zayn asked.
Harry nodded eagerly.
"Great! Now the only thing you have to do is place your feet on the skateboard and I'll push you forward." Zayn said calmly.
Harry did as he was told and nervously tried remaining his balance as he wiggled his arms.
"Are you ready?"
"Yeah-No-" Harry quickly hesitated, "Wait I'm not!"
"Too late!"
Harry panicked and rapidly covered his eyes once he felt Zayn's hands pushing him by his shoulder.
"Harry you did it!" Zayn shouted.
Harry turned around to look at Zayn in confusion and didn't realize what was happening before Zayn pointed at his feet.
He looked down and noticed he was still standing on the skateboard, which was a huge accomplishment according to Harry.
"I did it! Oh my god I did it!" Harry cheered and raised his arms, but hurriedly lowered them when his balance got unsteady.
He found himself struggling to steer the four wheeled board as he wiggled legs nervously.
"How do you stop this thing Zayn!?"
"Just jump off!"
A moment later Harry was on the ground, caressing it. "Thank you for saving my life I love you sweet concrete."
Zayn walked towards the abandoned skateboard and picked it up before approaching Harry.
"You didn't die did you?" Zayn asked the boy on the ground.
"No, not really." Harry said as he dusted off his knees.
"Does that mean you're willing to try out another ramp?" Zayn smiled brightly.
"No-" Harry paused, "but I know you'll make me do it anyway."
"Aww, you know me so well." Zayn tugged Harry closer to his chest and rubbed his shoulder.
"Let's just get this over with." Harry said as he pointed at the one ramp almost every kid was occupying.
"Of course."
-----
Zayn gave Harry a thumbs up as reassurance. Harry nodded slowly as he started pushing himself forward with four wheeled board.
There was suddenly a buzzing sound vibrating in Zayn's back pocket. He slid his hand down his pocket and grabbed the device before answering.