
All rights reserved...@brightlights101
Two days later...After the attack by rogues nearly two days ago,today is my party. Many packs are coming today especially Alpha Rikers pack. His pack is the biggest pack there is, Alpha Riker is cold, he doesn't care who he kills, I have heard many stories, but I am not the one to judge. You have to know him to be able to judge someone. With my kindness I am to accept everyone and there flaws, but I still don't understand why my father invited him and some of his men. My mother wants me to dress formal, to act the part of mother Luna but I refuse to.
8:00p.m I decided to wear a maxi Aztec dress. The bottom is mint colored and the cinched bust is black with Aztec printing. I pinned my wavy dirty blonde hair up, and put on minimal make up to please mother, and a pair of black flats, with my heart necklace that I cherish.
I looked at the mirror and was in aw with myself. I did exceptionally well, even if I didn't follow my mothers orders on dresses. I like to be myself.
I sighed and placed a smile on my face. I turned around and walked out the door. Siege has been very antsy today, she can't seem to contain her excitement.
"Why are you so happy?" I ask my inner wolf Siege."You'll see..." She said and crawled back into the back of my head. Hmmm, that's weird.
I walk down the hallway feeling nervous, I'm not one for big crowds. I get to the top of the stairs and I can already hear chatter and laughter. I sigh and start making my way down the stairs. I see my mother and father at the edge of the staircase talking to James parents which is my father's beta and female beta.
I see that no one is dressed formal like I thought my mother said. I look at myself and see that I look formal, I turn around about to go up when my mother yells my name, "Rosaline Heart come here! Don't be rude..." My mother motions me towards her.
"I'm sorry, I was just going to go change" I say honestly."Oh nonsense, you look beautiful!" My mom complements. "Yes, my only daughter is so beautiful! Don't you think James?" My father said proudly. James stands straight and says "yes alpha she is" he says smiling. I say thank you and wander around, being greeted by everyone that came.
Siege interrupts my thoughts saying "he's almost here!" I become perplexed."Who's almost here?" I ask her."Just wait!" She says excited. I hate waiting.
I walk back over to my father when I hear the door slam open and I'm engulfed with a scent of forest and mint, the most heavenly smell I have ever smelt. My wolf goes crazy with excitement. The room goes quiet. I see people moving out of the way for whoever is coming my direction. I hide behind my father, scared to see who is the one with the smell of forest and mint.
I hear heavy footsteps stop in front of my father. The sent is stronger, and Siege is having a hard time keeping herself together.
"Alpha Heart" the man that is unknown to me speaks. His words are so pure yet so harsh. I decide to take a peek around my father. I lock eyes with green orbs, that are piercing through my hazel eyes. My breathe hitches and I hide behind my father. My wolf says "Mate! Mate! Mate!" He can't be.
"Alpha Riker" my father says. My heart has literally bursted. My mate is non other than the vicious, dangerous Cameron Riker.
Author's Note: I decided to just give you another sample of it tonight! Well I hope you guys like it! Please comment or something! Thanks bye! @brightlights101