
"If that's true, then I guess Santa Clause is real too." Zayn knew Harry was gonna drag this out even more.
"That rhymed." Harry gasped. "You should become a rapper or something." Zayn rolled his eyes.
He stopped in his tracks and walked closer to Harry. He gently spread open the hood Harry had practically limited his oxygen with and watched Harry squint his eyes in displeasure.
"The light!" Harry hid his face with his forearm. "It burns."
Zayn laughed at Harry's dumb but usual behavior. "I'm not planning on carrying you inside your house, so you have to make it there yourself."
"What did I do to deserve this?" Harry placed the back of his hand on his forehead as he made himself appear weak.
"Just go home already." Zayn laughed as he pointed at the house a few blocks away.
"Fine!" Harry turned his head up high as he started walking away from Zayn.
"I love you!" Zayn shouted.
"I hope you wake up with less of a perfect face tomorrow!" Harry shouted back.
Zayn fake gasped. "How dare you!"
"Bye-" Harry quickly turned around to face Zayn. "-Zayn the rapper!"
"Bye Edward Cullen!"
----
The two soul mates went to bed at the same time, but what they did instead of sleeping was a different thing.
Harry spent his time staring at the ceiling and even counted sheeps without feeling a tiny bit of tiredness hit him.
Louis immediately poked the blond boy next to him, wanting his attention. Niall only continued playing games on his phone, so Louis decided to scroll through his social medias.
Harry looked at his bedside table where his clock was blinking and bit his lip as he noticed it was 1 AM.
"Please be up." Harry pleaded in a quiet whisper.
'Hi Louis'
Harry waited nervously and felt how sweat was starting to run down his back.
'Look I'm trying to text someone and I'm rubbish at multitasking, please stop.'
'I was about to ask what's up but I guess that was just answered.'
'I just texted someone to shut up because of you.'
'This is your fault.'
Louis frowned as his friend reacted strongly to his accidentally rude message.
'Sorry.'
'Yeah you better be.'
Harry smiled once he realized how much they'd talked so far and decided to embrace Louis' rude comments.
'So, what are you doing now then?'
'Planning on doing a satanic ritual to summon a demon after you.'
'That's cute, thank you.'
Silence.
'I'm actually not doing anything, but thanks for asking!'
'I'm the sarcastic asshole here, stop trying to be me.'