
All rights reserved...@brightlights101
Cameron's POV:"I thought you were going to reject her?" My inner wolf Zach mocked me.
"I was but when she was doing the same thing I was going to do, I grew angry. She is all that I want in a mate, and no she was not what I was expecting. We're total opposites! I'm mean, she's kind, I'm heartless, and she is loving. But to know she was going to save me the trouble something in me, probably you and my anger stopped her at saying reject. But how can I love someone? Look at me? But when I kissed her and she kissed back, there was no going back, I have to have her, I need and want her!"
"She will help you, just let her!" He said. I nodded.
After we had kissed and I told her she was mine, we went back out to the crowed area. Guys from other packs were eyeing her, I growled lowly, they know who I am and they know what I am capable of, so they better not tempt me.
As I was walking behind her I saw some scars that she was covering up. My fists clenched and my breathing became heavy, I started to growl loudly, my wolf is wanting to come out. Whoever touched her, I will rip them to shreds. Everyone in the room grew quite, they slowly started to take steps back, they all know that I am one of the feared Alphas in the world, they know when they see me angry they know not to mess with me. My pack sensed it and they looked horrified. Rosaline stopped in her tracks knowing that I'm angry she turned around, slowly making her way to me. I deep growl erupted from my chest, it didn't frighten her. She was now in front of me, looking up, she placed her hand on my cheek. I sighed, my eyes were turning back to their original color and my fists unclenched, my wolf started to pur.
Everyone was in aw, even my men, they have never seen someone tame the beast, and I never thought with just a simple touch, I can contain myself. She gives off this comfort and love that I thought I would never receive.
"That's her, and her Luna working" Zach said.
With her eyes locked on mine, I asked her "will you come home with me?" She was taken back."You want me?" She said worried.
"Of course!" A smile grew on her face and she said "yes".
I was so happy, she has accepted us."I told you!" Zach said. "Just don't screw this up!"
After a while everyone started to leave, and we told her parents, they were glad, except the other members of her pack, because she is mother Luna and she is very valuable to them. We gathered her things and she said goodbye to her parents and pack members.
I gave some of my men her bags. She thanked them. Even though they didn't like doing anything that involved carrying others things, but they know to not wrong me.
Rosaline's POV:When I walked out that door, I knew there was no going back, I am leaving with my mate and I am extremely nervous and a bit scared. What if his pack the Blood Pack doesn't like me? As Cameron had handed some of his guys my bags, they looked a bit infuriated. I thanked them and they were like stone, no emotion.
I decided to put my powers to use."I'm assuming that you are Damien, Luke, Roger, and Tyler?" I said to them. They were taken back even my mate. They nod, I smile.
"How do you know our names?" Damien asked."As mother Luna I'm suppose to know everyone's name" I say honestly. They nodded.
Damien's POV:I'm the alphas beta. When we had arrived, me and the guys, quickly felt a pull that we have to protect something. But we didn't know why or what exactly?
When we got in, our alpha was tense and agitated. The pull was more fierce. As we made our way to alpha Heart and we were introduced to a girl, the links were instantly locked. She is mother Luna, and we are too protect her. Through mind link, we heard alpha Riker say mate. We were taken aback.