
"9 AM." Zayn mumbled. Harry widened his eyes in displease.
"9 AM!? It's a sunday, why are we up so early!?"
"There are less people at the ramp at this time." Zayn reasoned, "You'll spare some embarrassment."
Harry puffed. "Wow, what a great friend you are!" Harry said sarcastically.
"You're welcome."
----
Louis stared up at the ceiling and smiled cheeringly.
"I don't even feel tired, even after pulling an all nighter." Louis admitted.
He turned to check on Niall who was currently lying next to him, letting out quiet snores.
Louis slapped the top of Niall's head. "How dare you fall asleep!"
Niall only shifted in his position and continued being in his state of deep sleep.
"You traitor." Louis whispered.
He shoved Niall away from the comfortable and cozy bed and watched him fall down with a loud thud. He also made sure to throw Niall's pillow and blanket over his body.
Niall awoke with a groan. "What the fuck?" He whispered.
"You dismissed my honor and no longer deserve royal privileges." Louis crossed his arms at the newly awoken boy.
"Fuck you Tomlinson." Niall weakly chuckled.
"In your dreams." Louis spat.
"Sure, goodnighty then!" Niall turned to his side, his back facing Louis.
"No-wait-" Louis felt stupid at the realization, "I didn't mean it that way!"
Shortly after, the faint snoring of the irish boy was audible again.
"You suck." Louis stuck his tongue out at him.
-----
"I thought you said there were gonna be less people at this time." Harry gulped.
They stood there watching the various kids trying out the many ramps in the park. It was filled with the sound prepubescent boys' high pitched voices, both screaming and laughing.
"Okay let's go." Harry brushed past Zayn and pulled the black helmet off his head.
"We're not going anywhere until you at least try one ramp out." Zayn grabbed Harry by his shirt and gently tugged it, getting a nervous Harry to turn around and face him.
"Why do you enjoy torturing me?" Harry whined.
"Don't knock it till you try it!" Zayn laughed as he patted Harry's back.
Harry glared at him. "Stop using my own words against me."
"But Harry," Zayn mimicked Harry's dramatic behavior from the day before, "you are a genius. Your words are astonishing with brilliance."
"I hate you." Harry pouted.
"Sure you do." Zayn gave him a sympathetic smile. "Go on and try the smallest ramp now."
Harry pointed accusingly at Zayn. "Dad, this isn't my dream. It's yours."
"That's the only time you'll ever call me dad." Zayn laughed.
"No but seriously Zayn, this place is filled with twelve year olds!"