
All rights reserved...@brightlights101
Rosaline's POV:As I open my eyes, everything is blurry, and there's ringing in my ears. The ringing starts to clear up and I hear someone yell "THERE'S NOTHING YOU CAN DO? THAT'S BULLSHIT!!" Then I hear a loud bang.
"Please Alpha calm down...she should wake up soon" my visions starts to clear, but the light makes me squint. There's a hole in the wall, that must have been his doing..."DON'T TELL ME TO CALM DOWN! WHOEVER DID THIS IS GOING TO DIE!" Cameron yelled to the pack doctor.
"Cameron, its okay..." I whisper. His and the pack doctors head shoot my way. Before I know it Cameron is by my side."Rosaline! Are you okay?" He says, his face softening, and his face filled with sorrow. I place my hand on his cheek and he sighs and leans into it."I'm fine Cameron..." I say tired.
"I have a question, what happened? And why was there another guys scent on you?" He said in a low growl."And I have a question for you...why were you so heartless to me this morning?" I retorted still weak.
"I don't think, this is the right time to discuss anything, that may set the mother Luna back..." The pack doctor said."I agree, you should go Cameron" I say turning my head the opposite direction from him."What! I'm not going anywhere! Until you answer my question!" He yells."Fine then I'll leave!" I say getting up from the bed. As I got up he tried to get me back down, but I refused. My shirt had lifted and I quickly pulled it down, because of the scars.
"What are those Rosaline!" He says grabbing my arm."There nothing! Just leave it, what happened in the past, stays in the past, unless it occurs in your nightmare's" I say tears brimming my eyes."Rosaline I...""Just stop...I should have trusted my instinct the day I saw you. You never wanted me, the only thing that kept us together was the bond...but my kindness, and generosity, of being a mother Luna kept me from seeing that you still don't trust me. By the way I didn't come on to him, and I can't believe you took it into consideration that I did. And to think I thought you wanted me, because I want you, but my judgment was wrong. I'm sleeping in the spare room, if you want answers on what happened go ask Damien." I say tears falling down my cheeks.I yank my arm out of his grip and slowly walk out the room.
As I walk down the hallway to a spare room, I hear stuff being thrown from the room I was previously in which is ours. I can't help him even though I really want to, I hate being negative and sad, and I hate when others are mad, sad, and frustrated.
I get to the room and I lean against a wall getting to light headed. Man how much energy did I use? I slide against the wall crying, and trying to regain my focus."Hey are you okay?" I hear a voice. I look up to see Damien."I'm fine" I say whipping my tears."Oh I was wondering where..." Then another crash."I wouldn't right now if I were you, come back later" I say rising up slowly."Oh okay" he leaves.
I then see the pack doctor walk down from the room. He comes up to me."You need rest, you used to much of your abilities today" he then flinches when we hear another crash."I will thank you Mason" he looked at me with his jaw hanging."How, how do you know my name?" He asks."I know everybody's name" I say. He smiles."Get some rest mother Luna" he says. "The alpha will surely calm down eventually I hope, he's extremely angry..." He says with a half smile."I will thank you again..." I say, he leaves.
I bet your all wondering how I know about him thinking I came onto Kyle huh? Well let's just say his thoughts are very loud, even from across town. Plus a pain in my chest hurt, and I knew he was doubting my trust.
I closed the door behind me and went to the lonely bed. Every crash, every growl, every yell was heard that night and I flinched every time.