
All rights reserved...@brightlights101
He can't be my mate, there must be a mistake. I heard a low growl. I heard my mom, "Rosaline don't be rude, stop hiding behind your father!" She ordered. I obliged and slowly walked out from behind my father. I had my head down and slowly looked up to see that Cameron's eyes are glued on me.
I gulped and whispered "sorry". His scent is triggering the wolf in me. He towers over me immensely. He has black short hair, brown eyes that are turning a darker shade of black, he has stubble on his prominent jawline and chin and his muscles are to die for. I want him, but I have to be collected.
"Alpha Riker this is my daughter Rosaline, and she is the mother Luna" he says proudly. His gaze hasn't left mine, I quickly look away from his gaze and look at my feet. I'm probably not what he was expecting to be for his mate. I'm a disgrace.
"No your not! Our mate loves us! We are meant to be together! Give him a chance..." My wolf said. I sighed and replied back with "I don't know Siege! I don't think he feels the same about me!"
I speak up "ummm, I'm just going to go...so?""Yes go mingle, go get Jason!" My father said dismissing me. I hear a faint growl as I started to slowly make my way through the crowd. I can't be his mate. As I make my way to Jason, I get a sharp pain in my chest. I grab it, thinking it's a fluke.
When I see Jason, I am struck with unbelievable amount of pain. I fall to the ground screaming in pain. Jason rushes over to me, placing his hand on my back, that was a bad idea. At the corner of my watery eyes, Cameron has James pinned to the ground choking him. Everyone freezes, just in shock.
I'm crying hysterically, the pain being unbearable. My father gets Cameron off of James. Cameron shouts "Mate! If anyone touches her your dead!" He growls. Everyone gasps, and starts to whisper. He rushes over to me and goes to touch me when I say "don't touch me" I say crying. He growls.
My mother goes up to him and places her hand on his shoulder, "she's in immense pain, you can't touch her, there will be times where you can, and you can't" he nods and stands up.
"Go to the borderline NOW!" I say. Every single bone in my body feels like its breaking into a million pieces. I gasp and the pain slowly disappears. My father was already out the door with our best fighters. Jason steps up to me to be growled at by my mate.
"Stop it" I whisper. I slowly get up and make my way to the staircase. I heard a whimper. I hate that my mate feels sad.
"Just give her an hour or so..." I hear my mom tell Cameron. There was another rogue attack, and of course of all days. I can see bruises forming on my arms and legs, this usually happens when someone is being brutally attacked. But they eventually fade away.
Cameron's POV: My wolf has been going crazy today, and he won't tell me why, "you'll find out eventually" my wolf Zach said and went back to the back of my head. For what I wonder?
As some of my men and I walk up to the pack house of the Shadow Pack, my wolf starts to go crazy. "She's here!" He says excited. "Who is?" I ask. "You'll see..." He says. I huff.
As I get closer, I smell this sweet aroma of flowers and candy, the most amazing smell I have ever smelt. My inner wolf was coming out. I burst through the doors being engulfed with the smell again. I have to find out what it is. As I make my way to Alpha Heart the smell gets stronger. I greet the alpha and I see a girl peek her head out. Her hazel eyes meeting mine. My eyes darken, this can't be.
"Mate!" Zach growled in my head. She hides behind the alpha.
The Luna spoke up and told her to come out from hiding. She slowly makes her way from behind the alpha. Her head is down and she slowly picks up her head. Our eyes lock, something inside of me stirs. She is the most beautiful woman I have ever laid eyes on. But I can't have a mate, it will make me weak. Plus she doesn't deserve a ruthless man like me. We're total opposites. How can the moon goddess put us together?