
"Oh come on, it can't be that bad." Zayn pushed Harry playfully, but slowly backed away when Harry flared his nostrils, glaring scaringly at him.
"The last time we talked was two years ago." Harry whispered.
"Look, I can see that you're really worried about this, but have you even tried talking to him constantly yourself?" Liam cocked his brow at Harry.
"Well, I-Uh." Harry paused. "No. Not really."
"Exactly." Liam pushed himself off the ground. "Start trying and maybe he'll do it too, we never know." Liam patted Harry's back before entering his kitchen.
-----
Louis ran his thumb over different buttons on his controller in panic. Niall was nearing his goalie, again, and he couldn't let him score.
"Stop cheating!" Louis yelled in frustration. He nudged Niall with his shoulder, watching him loose his grip on the controller.
"You're saying that?" Niall kept his vision on the screen and quickly positioned his player in the perfect position to score. His tongue was sticking out in pure concentration.
And just like that, the screen went blank.
"What the hell did you do?!" Niall pointed furiously at the screen and searched for Louis with his eyes. Louis stood by the device with the television cable in his hand.
"Oops?" Louis said smugly. There was no time for Niall to process it all because Louis was gone a few seconds later, running up the stairs of his basement.
"You will pay for this you bastard!" Niall screamed. "Just let me grab my shoes-I mean-" Niall quickly hesitated "I will fight you Tommo!"
Niall grabbed his sneakers and quickly ran up the stairs, reaching the first floor within seconds. "Why the hell is his house so goddamn big?" Niall whispered as he looked around himself.
Niall had been in Louis' house a million times before and still struggled remembering which room was which.
"I don't have time for hide and seek you little shit!" Niall shouted. Louis' laugh was perceptible enough for Niall to detect where it was coming from.
"I'm coming for you!" Niall warned. He started running up the new amount of stairs in front of him, knowing that Louis was on the second floor.
Niall was wheezing with exhaustion as he dragged himself up the last steps. "Goddamn you-" Niall proceeded to point at the framed picture of Louis on the wall. "-and your extremely healthy body!"
His breathing managed to quiet down by the time he'd entered Louis' room, which was a long time, considering he searched through most of the second floor.
Niall studied Louis' room carefully. He quickly went down on the ground to check if Louis was hiding beneath the bed, but was disappointed when it turned out he wasn't. "Where the hell are you?" Niall raised his arms, almost declaring defeat.
He sat there for moment, listening to the immense silence. Louis had to show himself sooner or later.
Soon enough, there were audible footsteps in the hallway. Niall threw himself out of Louis' room and quickly identified the boy in front of him.
"I got you!" Niall exclaimed as he jumped on Louis' back, making Louis gasp in surprise. Louis flailed his arms in an attempt of getting Niall off, but only made Niall get a better grip around his upper torso.
"Get off!" Louis groaned when Niall locked his legs around his belly. "You are a pain in the arse, d'you know that?"