
"Fuckin' wanker!" Louis cried out. Niall only snickered at the boy. "Told you I was gonna beat you at FIFA."
Louis aimed his controller at Niall's head, but failed miserably as it hit the lamp behind him. "Oi that's me mum's lamp!" Niall shrieked.
"Stop sitting in front of lamps then."
Niall looked at him for a brief moment before laughing. "Oh, Tomlinson, you are on a whole new level of a sore loser."
Louis crossed his arms and tried keeping himself from grinning. "I didn't loose, you just happen to be irish."
Niall tilted his head back in laughter.
"Are you calling me a leprechaun?" He grinned.
"I'm just saying that you wouldn't have won if you weren't irish." Louis shrugged as he raised his eyebrows, pursing his lips.
"Right." He chuckled.
Niall walked over to the lamp Louis had practically shot down. You see, Louis had let Niall decorate the basement with him, which was why Niall had brought his own possessions over to Louis' house. Relieved that the lamp wasn't broken nor had a single scratch on it, he placed it on the same spot as before. He grabbed the controller from the ground and pointed it towards Louis.
"You up for round two?"
Louis plopped onto the sofa and pulled the controller out of Niall's hand.
"Fuck yeah."
-----
"Could you boys get a room or something?" Harry shouted as he covered his eyes with his hands. Liam and Zayn were cuddling again and Harry couldn't help but get vigorously irritated about it. The fact that they met each other in Year 9 after only a few years of communicating, made Harry deeply envious.
"Sorry." Zayn climbed out of Liam's lap and walked over to the sunken chair Harry was descending into. "What's up?" Zayn tilted his head to the side, trying to read Harry's expression. Harry only turned away and proceeded to bite the inside of his cheek.
"It's about Louis." Harry mumbled and bit part of finger nail off nervously. "Louis? Your soulmate?" Liam asked curiously.
"Yeah." Harry watched the two boys cautiously.
"You already know his name? I didn't even find out about Liam's until we actually met!" Zayn chuckled, trying to lighten the mood.
Harry didn't seem to be affected by Zayn's great mood, instead kept his own grief in mind. "Well that was one of the first things we talked about actually." Harry looked down at his hands and gently rubbed the knuckles of his left hand.
"What's the problem then?" Liam sat down in front of Harry to listen carefully about what the boy was gonna say.
"He just won't answer me anymore. I mean I want us to talk like we used to, but every time I try, he never says anything."
Zayn opened his mouth to say something but was cut off as Harry eagerly continued.
"I don't even know what I've done wrong! He liked me when we were younger and I liked him too!" Harry frowned down at his hands.
"Maybe he doesn't know how to communicate?" Liam suggested.
"Bullshit. He did it fine when we were kids." Harry snarled at Liam and immediately shot his suggestion down.
"Okay but what do you want us to say?" Liam looked at Harry concernedly.
"I just want to know why he's ignoring me."