
When I heard that scream and cry I wanted to know what it was. I figured out who it was, and my wolf wanted to help, but the guys pulled me back. It is the mates job to comfort her. I whimpered.
To see the beast earlier almost shift, made me want to shit myself, it is never good to see him angry. But when mother Luna made her way to him, we were scared for her, but magically she tamed him. No one has ever tamed him, we were all in shock.
Present...To know that she knows our names, we gained more respect for her.
Cameron's POV:"Are you ready?" I ask Rosaline. She nodded. We started walking into the deep dark forest. After walking for a couple of hours, I heard Rosaline yawn.
"Are you tired?" I ask. She nodded."Can I shift? I have more energy when I do" she asks. I look at the guys. I nod. She goes behind a tree and shifts. We do the same thing. As she comes around the tree, we all freeze.
She is one beautiful wolf. She has a white shiny coat, with blue eyes, these kinds of breeds are really rare, and to have one as my mate is just amazing. I just want to take her right here right now and mark her. I heard through mind link "you are one lucky alpha!" I heard Luke say. I growled at him, telling him to back off. He cowered away. We picked up her bags with our mouth and we kept going.
Two hours later...We arrived in front of the borderline to our territory. My men stepped over and I looked over at Rosaline, she looked nervous. I'm pretty sure she has heard all the stories, of what I have done, and I'm scared that when she realizes that I'm not good for her she'll leave. I walk up to her, nudging her. She takes one step over the line, then another. She is now completing over, and she is in my territory as my mate, and future Luna of this pack.
She goes behind a tree and shifts back into her human form with clothes on. The men and I do the same. She comes out with a smile. To know she's happy makes me happy.
Rosaline's POV:As I made my way over the borderline I was relieved, I was told that when you step over Cameron's territory you would feel pain but I didn't and I'm glad, I think I have had enough of that for a while.
We walk into the town, people and they're children looking at me. I put my head down looking at my feet. Cameron notices my discomfort and growls at everyone, making them go back to their business. As we come up to a house, I am in complete shock. It is just beautiful. It's two stories high and white paneling, with a balcony at the top, and big windows. I smile. I think he noticed my reaction, and I can hear his wolf pur. My wolf purred back, and electricity ran up my arm when he brushed past me.
We get up to the door and he opens it. The inside is just as amazing as the outside. It's an open floor plan which I like, and it has a spiraled staircase. The living room is comfy with a nice layout that goes to the huge kitchen. It was just so warm and inviting. As we get in farther Cameron's men drop the bags and dismiss themselves. I take my bags and follow Cameron up the stairs.
"You'll be sleeping with me" he states."Are you sure, because I can take one of the other rooms" I say. We get up to the second floor and he stops in his tracks making me bump into his muscular back. The tingles come back and my breathe hitches.
"Your sleeping with me, and that's final! You're my mate and I intend to have you by my side" he says angrily. I nod and he continues walking down the hall. We get to a closed room and he slowly opens it.
I step inside to see the room a nice light blue. I'm guessing this is the room with the balcony because the white curtains are blowing so effortlessly through the breeze. He places the bags on the bed and says that I can take as much room as I wanted. I nodded, staying quiet.