
All rights reserved...@brightlights101
Rosaline's POV:As I made my way into my bedroom, I went into the bathroom and cleaned myself up. I took off the makeup and changed into something else. I left my hair up, and changed into, a front tie pink tank top, and a pair of high rise denim jeans, with white laced toms. I can't rest I have to be out there this party is for me in fact. And I think I have to reject our mate, he's better off.
"What are you doing? You can't! We need him, like he needs us" Siege yelled."I'm not what he has expected. How can he love someone like me?""He will accept us...stop worrying! Did you see how worried he was when he saw you in pain, and he was so jealous and overprotective when James was near you?! He cares about you!""That's only because of the mating bond" I say trying to convince myself."We both know that's not true" she says disconnecting our talk. I sigh and head out of my room. I still feel a bit hurt but I can manage for a few hours.
As I descend from the staircase, all eyes are on me. I become nervous and shield myself."Honey? Why aren't you resting?" My mom rushes up to me."I'm fine mother!" I say lying.
She can tell that I am because I'm an awful liar. I smile and head throughout the crowd, saying hi and thanking them for coming.A little girl and her older brother come running up to me.
"Mother Luna! Mother Luna!" The older boy says."Yes?" I look down at them, kneeling slowly, trying not to cause to much pain, while smiling."My sister was wondering if you could heal her owie..." I looked at the little girl and she was so adorable. She held out her arm and I looked at it.It was just a little scratch but just a little kiss can heal it. "Of course" I say smiling. I grab her arm and kiss gently on her scratch, I pulled away and rubbed circles around it, using my energy to heal her scratch. I sigh feeling tired. After a while I let go and she was all better."Thank you mother Luna!" She said hugging me."Your welcome Lucy" I say. She pulled away and said, "you know my name?"
"Of course I do! I know everyone's name, especially the adorable ones" I say smiling and tucking a piece of her hair back. She giggled."Do you know my brothers name?" She asks."Yes, his name is Mathew, and he's going to make a great fighter when he's older" I say praising him. "Thank you mother Luna!" He says."Now go run along!" I say."Yes mother Luna!" They run off.I slowly rise up, groaning in pain. I was startled by his husky voice "they really must like you?" He says.
I turn around to see him looking at me.I look down at my feet and nod. "We need to..." He says I cut him off. "I know, let me save you the trouble. I know I am not what you expected or want in a mate...and I understand, so let me say it so it won't hurt me as bad. I Rosaline Heart re-" I was cut off when he shouted "NO!"
The room fell silent, and all eyes were on us. I was pulled by my arm and was shoved into one of the empty rooms. I was pressed up against the wall, nearly inches away from his face. My breath hitched when he dug his grip into my waist. His touch sends sparks all over my body, craving for more.
"What are you?" I was cut off by his lips crashing onto mine. My wolf couldn't stand it anymore, she took over. My arms wrapped around his neck into his hair tugging ever so roughly. His chest vibrated into a low growl. Our lips moving ever so in sync. He made his way down to my neck nipping away at my flesh. He found my sweet spot making me moan. He pushed me harder into the wall. He whispered into my ear, "your mine!"
Author's Note: Well? I know its not good but oh wells...thanks for reading! Bye! @brightlights101