
Louis started jogging around the second floor in hopes of Niall loosing his balance and letting go. Which, of course, only made it worse.
"Yes, good horsey!" Niall proceeded to pet Louis' hair. He nuzzled his face in Louis' hair but was displeased as Louis stopped moving.
"Keep going horsey!" Niall laughed as he quickly slapped Louis' ass.
"That's it, get off!" Louis grunted as he pulled at Niall's wrists, making him loose his grip. Niall yelped in panic and tried reestablishing the embrace between the two, but was soon enough on the floor with a loud thump.
Niall winced at the slight pain on his arse cheeks, reminding him of his unfortunate landing.
"Be grateful you didn't land on your head and break your neck." Louis snapped. He ran his fingers through his fringe and couldn't help but chuckle at Niall's conflicted expression.
"You know, this wouldn't of happened if you fell down." Niall said, a smug smile appearing on his lips.
"Why's that?" Louis squinted his eyes at Niall, knowing he was gonna say something stupid.
"Because you would've bounced right back up." Niall snorted as he bit his lip, trying to keep himself from laughter.
Louis scrunched his nose in disapproval. "Remind me to never ask you questions again."
"Oh come on! That was hilarious." Niall cackled.
A smile was slowly creeping up on Louis' lips and soon enough, the hallway filled with felicity.
-------
Harry rested his chin on Liam's shoulder, holding the younger boy in an embrace before turning back to the door. Zayn stood beside Harry with twinkling eyes, clearly mesmerized by Liam's presence, before turning down the door handle.
"See you tomorrow!" Zayn chanted as he dragged a frowning Harry behind him. Liam giggled at the sight and waved cheeringly at the boy. "See you!"
Zayn tugged his jacket closer to his skin, the sudden cold air hitting both of them like a slap in the face.
Harry quickly pulled his hood over his head, his sensitive ears not capable to handle the cold. He pulled the two strings on his hoodie, making the hood cover most of his face. The only remaining part that wasn't covered was his mouth, which he was thankful for.
"You'll have to lead the way home-" Harry stated dramatically. "Master."
Zayn hadn't noticed what Harry had done until he turned to look at him. He watched as Harry stood there, looking absolutely ridiculous with his arms stretched out, carefully taking new steps when he'd declare the area as 'safe'. "Why do I have to deal with this?" Zayn whined as he looked up at the cloudy sky, waiting to be saved and taken to paradise.
Zayn later obliged and grabbed Harry by his arm. It had been enough after Harry had walked into three poles, answering each time with "Oops, sorry, didn't see you there." as he'd snap his fingers loudly, pointing at the pole right after with his loud cackle of a laugh sounding.
"Please tell me why we're friends again." Zayn covered his face with his hand in embarrassment.
"It's because I'm hilarious." Harry said confidently, placing his hand on his chest.
"Yeah and I'm a greek god." Zayn said sarcastically as he fluttered his eyelashes, but realized it was to waste as Harry couldn't see him anyway.
"You are though." Harry stated, a bit offended that Zayn would say that in a sarcastic manner.