
All rights reserved...@brightlights101
Rosaline's POV:I got done putting my things away and decided to take a well deserved bath, my muscles still ache but I can manage.
I get a pair of pajama shorts out an a T-shirt. I make my way into the luxurious bathroom. It has a big walk in shower that can probably hold up to ten people and a bathtub that has jets. I turn on the bathtub letting it rise. I double check that the door is locked, just in case anyone decided to come in.
I start to take off my clothes and throw them into the hamper that's in the bathroom. I look in the mirror to see my old scars. I run my fingers along them. I sadden. How will he love me? I'm not beautiful if I have scars!
"Don't worry he will still love you! Now just relax you have had a long day!" Siege says soothingly. I go over to the tub and turn on the jets. I get in slowly. I make my way down further into the tub. Sighing in relief. The jets are massaging my back that still are covered in bruises. The man must have been severely hurt.
As I'm relaxing the door flies open. I hear a growl. My eyes shoot open to see a furious Cameron. I cover up my chest area. A low growl erupts from his chest. I become frightened. He notices my reaction and he softens. He stalks out the door and disappears. That was strange.
Cameron's POV:"What do you mean I've gone soft!" I growled at one of my fighters. Everyone stays still. No one speaks to me like this."Come on alpha! This girl is nothing but your weakness! Look at you your not even yourself!" With my canine speed I have him pinned to the wall by his throat."One, don't ever speak to me like that again! Two, don't speak of my mate like that and your future Luna! Got it!" I yell at him."Yes alpha!" He croaks. I let him go and he coughs gasping for air."Does anyone else have something to say!" I yell for all of them to hear. They stay silent."Good! Now get back to work!" I say walking out the door.
Anger running through my veins. I need Rosaline. Maybe they are right, this is why I never wanted a mate! I become weak!"Stop it! She only makes us stronger! Stop being a prick, and go to Rosaline" Zach hollered.
With my canine speed I arrived in front of my house. The light was still on in the bedroom. I smiled to myself. As I walked in I couldn't smell her scent. I became worried. With the anger still previous I called out her name, and nothing. I entered my room and saw the bathroom light on. I tried to open the door but it was locked. I heard a sigh. What the?
I bursted through the door like nothing. Her eyes landed on me. She was in the bathtub naked. Zach was going crazy, he wanted to mark her right then and there, but I couldn't let that happen. She covered herself up and I growled. She looked frightened. I softened and walked out the door, before I do anything stupid that would make her hate me.
Rosaline's POV :As I got out of the bathtub I quickly dried off and put on my pajamas. I brushed out my wavy dirty blonde hair. I put the towel into the hamper. I opened the door and he wasn't in there. I walked out of the bedroom and went down the stairs, being engulfed with his heavenly scent. As I make my way to the kitchen I see him hunched over in a chair, with his hands in his hair looking down at the floor.
Siege says "go comfort him" I sighed and made my towards him. As I'm behind him, he senses me and tenses. I place my hand on his back, rubbing circles gently. He relaxes.
"What's wrong?" I whisper, stopping my action. He lowly growls, "Don't... Don't stop" he says. I smile and put my hand back on his back. My wolf purrs on the inside. Telling me that I'm doing good. He calms down and sighs.
"Do you know who I am exactly? Do you know what I'm capable of? What have you heard about me?" He says looking up at me."Why?" I ask."Just answer my questions" he demands."All I need to know is what you want me to know about yourself. Yes, I have heard stories, but I am not the one to judge. I know you can be a bit aggressive, but I know somewhere in there you can be a descent guy. I accept you. Do you accept me?"