
"It is said that when the two find each other, there is an unspoken understanding of one another, that they feel unified and would lie with each other in unity and would know no greater joy than that."
"The amazing phenomena of sharing half your soul with another body is a huge part of today's society. The mere thought of not finding your purposed lover, the one you're supposed to spent eternity with, is a complete nightmare. Every human being is aware of the other remaining part of their soul, meaning that everyone will have to search for their true companion, sooner or later.
There is one big twist about it all though, the only way of communicating with them is through telepathy. Of course, they can't hear all of your thoughts or everything you say, but when they're willing to search for their other soul, the screams for help and recognition will echo in the other partners ears. The communication between the two can start at an early age, such as five years old, when their abilities of communication have been developed. Soulmates aren't always the same age and communicating will not be certain if the younger one does not understand this phenomena. It takes time and practice to have a legitimate conversation with your partner. Some wait plenty of years before getting to hear their soulmate's voice for the first time, which can be terrifying when you fear dying alone.
When the two are near, their soul urges to reunite. It is described how people can hear and feel a pulsing heart pounding in their head when they're close, meaning the loud thumps and pulsing feeling will not go away until the partners have physical contact. It could be as simple as hands brushing, accidentally bumping into each other, anything really. Their bodies go out of their sudden trance when they touch. Their soul can feel the spark of their touch and the two feel an immediate connection. They've found their other half."
Harry as the bright and happy little boy he is, knows all about having a soulmate, only at the age of 6. His mother is a big influence and encourages him to find his significant other.
Louis on the other hand, has never found out about having a soulmate. His mother's failed marriages affected the way of seeing soul mates, for both of them. She wasn't finding her remaining part of her soul. It left her to the conclusion of soulmates not being real, hence to why she does not tell her son about this supposed life destroying trauma. As a 9 year old boy, Louis trusts his mother and let's her beliefs grow on him.
Harry constantly tries to communicate with his soulmate. He gets worried that 'maybe he isn't born yet' and yelps in panic as he runs towards his mother for comfort. Anne proceeds to put Harry's small hand on her chest and say "If she or he is there, you'll feel their heartbeat." Which wasn't legitimate at all. It was scientifically proven that soul mates can not communicate through other ways than telepathy before crossing paths, but it was enough for Harry to smile happily at his mother.
Louis spends years hearing a voice in his head. He does not understand what this voice wants from him. Louis tries his best at avoiding it when his mother starts nagging about it being nonsense after telling her about his experience.
It's just this one time the familiar voice says 'Please just tell me you're there. I just want a friend. A nice one preferably. Are you nice?' which Louis answers with an arrogant 'Of course I'm nice!'
Their communication is a big part of their childhood, they keep in touch with each other very often.
Louis explains to his mother about Harry being an imaginary friend, but starts slowly and unconsciously believing his own lie.
Harry spends his nights talking to his mother, telling her about how excited he is about Louis being his life companion. "I want to meet him so bad." Harry whispered as he was slowly tucked in bed with the assistance of his mother. Anne smiled graciously at her son and kissed his forehead, leaving her lipstick stained on his skin. "Hopefully you'll do."