
"well, if it isn't babe" he greeted, lazily slinging his arm around me and I snarled at the mention of my stupid given nickname "another success at trying to impress me, would you call this"
"my name is Isabella, and this was just a failure of personally chopping your limbs off and knocking you out cold with them." I replied with a smirk as I heard Julia chuckle in response and Ethan looked shocked before rolling his eyes with a deep chuckle, shaking off my previous statement
"I'll actually take that as a confession of your love towards me" he replied with a smug look "most chicks go insane when they want to finally admit their lifetime crush on me"
"sorry to say, I'm not like most chicks, so don't flatter yourself." I spat as he rolled his eyes and moved away, hopefully making an effort to actually get to class. Julia then walked over to me with a contagious bright smile that formed an accurate one onto my lips
"looks like you have strike again against the mighty Ethan Crowe" she exclaimed, giving me five on another successful attempt of getting him away "but I can't help but wonder, he was in your regular daydream about your future as a firefighter, maybe you might be falling in love with him?"
My first reaction was to slap her playfully on the arm, receiving a surprised look in response "I am not falling in love with that selfish jerk even if we were the last two people on earth"
"okay, fair enough then." Julia replied as we decided to make a move and get to class, before a dentetion was slipped into our near future. It would just waste time of my training for my future career if I got so, and my dream would just slip through my unprepared fingers at any moment.
Entering the classroom alongside Julia, each student stared at us for a few moments with something that seemed like interest, before returning to their own quiet conversations.
The teacher then noticed us, grunted and gestured us to sit down in our desks, placed right next to each other. We then made our way towards our desk while ignoring every person who dare looked in our way. You may think being trained to become a professional firefighter would get excited chatter erupting in the social side of school, but appartently everybody thought that job was lame.
The teacher then looked at us with a forced grin "good morning class, I trust you all are ready to learn some French today. We will be learning to say numbers from ten to one hundred today."
I didn't know why this would actually help us in our future, but I was in no place to complain against it and just decided to zone out instead. Somebody moved from behind me and I turned around to meet eyes with Ethan, who's lips were too close to my ear for my liking
"you know babe, if you decide to zone out we could always ditch class or something" He whispered, his breath fanning my earlobe "just staying in class listening to him is so boring"
"and I would rather do that then achieve a stupid detention with a selfish jerk." I remarked with a smirk as we both focused our attention back to the teacher hosting this not-so-exciting French class. I still couldn't believe I had to have Ethan Crowe constantly annoying me for the whole lesson and I knew that this French lesson would hold the record for longest lesson in this state.