
"We have got an emergency call, Miss Dixon" one of the retained firefighters on my crew called out as I ran over to them, a worried expression on my face "there is a fire at the Motel downtown, and there are people still stuck inside the building who could possibly be badly injured"
"I will round up the crew immediately." I replied as I ran into my office and turned on the intercom, informing all firefighters about the emergency call. Afterwards I sped outside and jumped into the front seat of the fire engine and noticed that everybody somehow responded before me. After giving the driver permission to start driving, I strapped on my seatbelt before we drove off.
Arriving at the Motel, we feared that if we didn't do something, the whole building will collapse along with putting the guests inside into terrible danger. The manager then ran over to the vehicle with a mixture between relief and worry expression on his pale face
"thank goodness you made it in time" he thanked us with a forced grin "I fear this Motel won't stay standing for as long as it has, but I don't fear that your crew will be able to rescue everybody."
I shook his hand before the crew slipped out of the fire engine and after discussing how we were going to put out this fire, I watched everybody run into the building expect for one firefighter
"excuse me" I asked as I approached him "is there anything wrong?"
he stared at me with a oh-so-familar smirk that curved his lips "yeah, like the times you purposely ignored me during our schools year and broke any chemistry we had between us during so"
"what are you even talking about?"
He titled his helmet and it only took his blonde hair to figure out that it was Ethan Crowe, the only guy I didn't want any contact with ever again after high school. How did I even hire him as a firefighter in the first place? Why did it take this long to haunt my life again?
I released a breath that I didn't know was being held "E-Ethan Crowe? How did you even manage to get hired and put me through more misery, why are you even in my crew in the first place"
"I have my ways, Isabella" he replied with a smug look "but I know you can't back down."
My breath hitched in my throat at the realisation that maybe I could never escape Ethan, who held the reputation as the bad boy in school which, as cliche as it sounds, always bothered me to no end. I graduated school without a care that we would cross paths again and I was now wrong
"what did I deserve to do this, how did the bad boy even get a job of helping people?" My words came out as a whimper as I fell to my knees and cried into my hands with knowing that my life would never be the same again, and wondering why this had to happen in the first place.
<><><><><><><>
"Earth to Isabella Dixon" my best friend Julia practically screamed, snapping me out of my continuous accruing daydream "picturing your successful future again?"
I then released a sigh, collecting books from my locker and closing it afterwards, knowing my best friend was right about my little daydream "of course I was picturing my successful future in firefighting, it's my one and only dream career and basically only goal, but for some reason Ethan Crowe appeared in my dream and for some reason he somehow-"
"what about me?" The said person commented, walking towards me with that one, annoying smirk that he could win any girl with. There was not a chance that he would not leave me alone, so I sighed and crossed my arms, ready to deal with this idiot bad boy who can't seem to keep his distance