
A butler Car the the door and yelled out. "may I help you Ma'am ?" I rolled door My Window Down. " I'm Looking For Diablo."
- - -
" Right This Way Ma'am" a maid said pointing to a Big Ass living room.I stepped down into the living room and awe' d it secretly . ' All white Leather couches, a fish tank that rounded off the interior, a shark tank in the middle of the floor a Big ass flat screen on the wall. You Could see through a pair of glass sliding doors a lake in his back yard. " Mr . Coins will Be right with You Ma'am Please make Your self Comfortable. " I noddled and sat down on a Love seat couch Facing the view of the lake.
I don't know what it was but as soon as I said I Wanted to speak with Diablo The Butler clear his throat and Ushered me in.Thank god because I thought it was going to be way harder then that. I stared at the lake some more and went to the glass door. " This Niggah has Everything." I Said to my self. " I do don't I" A Voice said behind me. I Turned around and smirked. "Diablo."" In The Fleash Sweatheat" He Gave Me A Smile. He was Fine, No Beyond Fine he had on No shirt and his whole body was tattooed. He was a in between color of light skin and brown skin and had one dimple that showed at all times. Brown almost halzle looking eyes. I almost fell to my knees at the sight of him. He opened his arms and walked down the step into his living room. " Welcome tu mi casa Bonita" he said falling on to a couch placing his feet on a Table.I Smiled back. All teeth showing.
" I Wanna Be A Drug Dealer " I said siting on a couch diagonal from his. He placed his feet on the floor clamping his hands together. " That was Unexpected" He said. " Why ? " " Because You To Perfect Looking To Be in A Gang Baby." he smirked. I Rolled my Eyes. 'Be about business' " Look, I'm Forreal I Need Money and I need the best and I Herd you are the Best"
I said mimicking his position.
"Well You Herd correct" he said easing back now smiling again placing his hands behind his head. " What do You Wanna Sell?" " Crack " "That's a Big Job For a little Girl like yourself." "Not to be rude but. you Know Nothing about me" "how old are you ?" "21" "Where You From?" "Compton, but I live in Gaston now just an hour from here." He nodded his head." and your name Sweetheart?" "Jax" " Interesting" he continued " Look Part All Your attractive looks I don't play about my money I give you a kilogram each time , $35,000 per kilogram that's It I Get 50% no Games. iight ? "" holy Shit" I said. " what Is there a problem ?" I shook my head and and started to cry. In one month I can Pay for my dads surgery. " That's Just Way More then what I expected oh shit. Thank you" He noddled his head. " MARIA!" He Yelled. A girl showed up Naked with no hair. " I need a kilo" She bowed her head and ran back to where she came from seconds later back again with a big bag. she passed it to Diablo and he set the bag on a table. " get me a scale." She did so. " here " " how do I know how to sell it." He smirked."You find out baby Girl." I noddled and stood up with the big zip lock full of cocaine and held the scale. " I appreciate it " " Learn the game or the game will play you." He walked me to the steps. " Also" he started " Just know you can't spend any of the money till I get my 50% think of it like a pay check every week. "I nodded again . " Good Luck shorty " and with that he closed his door. I opened the trunk of my car and put the crack in there. " I can't believe I'm doing this shit" I said to myself.I got in my car and drove off. I called Kati. " Ayo?!?"" I need to learn The Game" I could hear the smirk in her face when she said. " I Gotchu. "
- - -
Kingvanessa_
Comment ✏