
I Rubbed my sweaty palms together and took a Huge deep Breath. "here we go again Tailia , its nothing new" I opened the door to the Home and made my way to the receptionist."Micheal Jones" I Awaited. "He's At lunch right now please take a seat and wait." The receptionist smiled. I smiled back And picked up a magazine to read while I waited .
Every week I drive three hours To A Home the hospital has placed my Father In For the last Two Years . and Every visit it just gets worst. "Marilyn you've Come back" he would smile. and Of course for the 100th time I would have to shake my head no And give him a Smile. " Dad Mom won't come back." And he'll give me a Sad smile and Say 'oh' looking towards the ground.
Alzheimer's ruined Our lives. We were rich , with happy Lives then At 50 my father caught the disease wasn't Bad back then hardle even recognizable you know forgetting Where he placed his keys to the car or the remote small Stuff then A few years passed by And he forgot where he lived and what state we were in. After a while my mom she said fuck It and Left with a White man . She Hasn't Called wrote or even Facebook messaged me. iv Learned Not to Care Fuck her and the white man.
"Uh Miss ?" The receptionist called. I looked up and she pointed to a Hall. "he should be In his room Now." I smiled and walked to His room. "Knock knock" I walked in smiling. He looked at me and Smiled. "Tailia bunny How are you" "I'm Great Pops , how are You Doing" I sat in Front of him holding His wrikled hands. "Oh Hunny There trying to give me surgery on my brain but I can't afford it, neither of us can ." I held my head down . "How much Dad?"
"65 hundread thousand " He shook his head. " I mean If I'm Destined to die why not leave it be ? don't worry about it Marilyn" I didn't correct him I didn't wanna Get Him Started up. I placed his Hands in mine and Prayed . " Pops I'm Going To Get That Money No Matter What Way. "
- - -
" okay Dad I Love You." " I Love You To Sherry" He Kept watching TV. I Let Go Of his Hand and Signed. Leaving My Father was So Fricking hard for me . After Signing Out and Getting In my car I broke down In tears. I Only Know Of one way To Get Enough money and That's To Join the game. My Home Girl Kati been telling me she could get me the hook up with her Gang They Crips and sell all types of shit. My home girl got all the newest shit Gucci, Prada , All that . Me I work at a dinner and it doesn't pay well with My 7 dollar a hour and only less the 150$ a week staying in the projects with a one bedroom apartment sucks. I Need more money and That Seems Like the best Fucking Way.
So I Dialed Her Number. "ago What Popping Baby Girl?" Kati Stated. "What's up Hun's and nothing look You Still Can Get Me the hook Up? or ?" " Yeah Yeah Aye Look IMA Send You The address to this Niggah You Have to Meet first IMA Tell Him You Gonna Slide through and Look Tell Him What You Need hell Tell you What He Got to offer ! He don't play games . Don't Be shy and Show His ass You Mean Business." I Gave her a firm 'iight' and Hung Up . Few seconds later a got the address.
'4456 cane lane'
Cane lane ? That's an hour from my home town . that's a four hour trip! Fuck it, its for my dad.
I plug my LG phone into a auxiliary cord and My music automatically played .
- - -
I pulled up to the house and parked. I looked over my appearance I changed at a gas station a found a while back. I was in high waisted shorts and a white No sleeves shirt that had that had the string's. And my white convers. My Hair was in its natural curls that ended at my wait with a baseball cap on and some Cheap Shades that still look expensive and Classy, with pink lip gloss Pink lip gloss. " Perfect. " I smiled.