
They say that the saddest word in the whole wide world is the word 'ALMOST'. He was ALMOST in love. She was ALMOST good enough for him. He ALMOST stopped her. She ALMOST waited. They ALMOST made it.
...almost.

I almost made it to the top 7 of JYP Entertainment's competition 'SIXTEEN'. I almost have debuted.

...almost, but not really.

I really guess ALMOST will always be one of the saddest word ever invented. Why did they invent it? Why do we have to experience this almost? But too bad, I'm already here. There's no turning back. I've chosen this path and I have to prove everyone that I can make it. But no matter how I try, I will stay as an average one. Like what Ariana Grande says, 'ALMOST IS NEVER ENOUGH'. It will never be enough.
When will this ALMOST be a good thing? It will happen.

...almost, but not really.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Main Characters:
Lee Jieun (Jee-eun)
Jieun is the protagonist in this story. She is a very talented and well-disciplined girl. She grew up with her strict parents who were both in the politics industry. Lee family was really very well-known in their place so Jieun have to be good in every sector of her life. She doesn't want to disappoint her family, especially her dad. She have found interest on music and arts and she started to audition at JYP Entertainment. At first, her family was against her but when they got a call about her passing the audition, they accepted it and her father asked her to debut immediately.
After a year of training, she was included at the 16 female trainees who will compete for the 7 slots. It is the SIXTEEN reality show. She almost made it to the top 7, but she failed on the last test. Everyone was shocked with JYP's decision of eliminating her because she is the most suited person to debut immediately. All other trainees were afraid of her because she has the talent in singing, dancing, acting, modelling and everything. But she failed to be on the top 7.
Her parents were so much disappointed with her causing this to make her feel anxious and depressed. And that's the start of the doubts in her heart.
Mark Tuan
Mark Tuan is a member of the newly rising boy group, GOT7 and as well as the apple of the eye of the main protagonist, Jieun. He grew up in Los Angeles with his family and there he met a lot of friends and was able to create different kinds of relationships. Due to his adoring face and talent, he was scouted by a staff of JYP and asked him to be a trainee. Without any hesitation, he accepted it and started to be a trainee.
He became famous and was able to gain a lot of fans. Not knowing, Jieun was also his fan. But it seems like he only sees Jieun as an acquaintance, a JYP family.
Lee Minhyuk (BTOB)
Lee Minhyuk is a South Korean singer, more known as a member of a boy group, BtoB. He is the sub-vocal, sub-rapper, face/visual of the group, and also the lead dancer. BtoB is under the Cube Entertainment. He loves to rap and make his own music.
Minhyuk and Jieun will soon meet and he will be known as 'Mr. Squirrel'.
Serine and Jess (got7uae and JesselynJanice)