
A/N: The guy in the pic above is RAUDEL (weasel) just in case you don't know.
"5,4,3,2,1 !!!!!""SUMMER"
Everyone shouted at the sound of the bell ringing marking the last day of school.Everyone was going to some huge party at Dylan's house.  I don't think I'm going to go. There's goanna be too many popular people there and I don't feel like I'll fit in.
"Hey Baby" someone says while grabbing my hand. He spins me around and holds me tight to his chest and kisses me on the forehead.
"Your going to my party tonight right princess.?"
"Ummm... I'm not sure yet."
"Please go, please." He begs me to come but I don't know if I want to.
"Maybe." I tell him and suddenly he smiles again.
"I can't walk you home today I have to get home and make sure every thing is ready, but I will see you later." He kisses me and runs to his car.
That is my boyfriend of two years Dylan Hernandez. He is a wonderful guy and I love him so much.
So I walk home alone kicking the rocks at my feet. I'm just glad it's not hot outside or else I would die of dehydration. About an hour passes by as I walk up the stairs to my room. When I get there I plop on the bed and relax.
When I look up I see a moving van in the driveway of the house next to me. I move to my other window, wich is the one I can see into the room directly across from me, my best friend used to live there and we used to talk all the time using that window, but she moved last summer.
I look and I see a boy carrying a box and setting it on the floor. He looks around And he nods, as if saying he is satisfied with his room. He looks out the window directly at me. He smiles and waves and right away I duck down hoping he didn't see me, knowing he did.
"So, is that the way you greet all your new neighbors, staring into there bedroom window?"
I stand up and give a nervous smirk to him.
"Hi I'm Raudel, but my friends back home call me weasel."
"Hi I'm Andrea but my friends call me Drea, and sorry about the window thing I just wanted to see who my new neighbor would be."
"If you wanted to see so bad why don't you go outside and introduce yourself."
"Sounds like I good idea, I guess I'll see you down there." I chuckled.
I walk down stairs scared and anxious to see how he would look. I open the front door and walk across my lawn while he walks across his. We meet right in between both of our houses. He is tall, really tall, about 5'7, but then again I'm only 5'2. He is wearing grey pants with what looks like a baseball Tee that says Loyalty on it with black shoes.
"So you play baseball??"
He looks down at his shirt and looks at me, his face is saying are you serious but all he says is " umm no this shirt is part of the Yours Truly clothing brand line which was made by a good friend of mine, Phora or Marco."
"Oh well I don't know who either of those guys are but I like your shirt." I feel stupid for saying that.
"Thanks."
He shakes my hand an repeats "I'm Raudel." And I repeat " I'm Andrea."
"So Andrea how long have you lived here for?"
"About 4 years."
"What school do you go to?"