
They are Jieun's ever supportive roommates and as well as co-trainees. Both of them were a part of JYP's special project.
Serine is a bit of a boyish type and is really good at rapping. She was raised in Los Angeles but her family used to live in UAE. She left L.A. to be a special trainee at JYP Entertainment who will soon be one of Jieun's best friend due to her kindness and ability to make friends easily. She will always be there for Jieun whenever she needs someone, also Jess.
Jess is a Singaporean. But she spent her childhood on different countries. She studied on international schools. She was so active with a lot of school activities especially on singing and dancing competitions. When she was 15 years old, she was offered to be a special trainee at JYP Entertainment. She accepted it and became a trainee. She will also soon be one of Jieun's best friend.
Serine and Jess weren't a part of SIXTEEN because they were already intended to debut as a duo.
Minor Characters:
GOT7 members
BtoB members
SIXTEEN competitors and TWICE members
Tuan Family and friends
JYP Artists
Super Junior, EXO, Big Bang members
Jieun's family

-AUTHOR'S NOTE-
Hi guys! I have been dreaming of this story lately and my heart will blow if I won't write about this story. It is another Mark Tuan fanfic but other members of GOT7 and as well as KPOP groups will be a part of this story. I know I haven't been updating frequently and here I am writing another story. But I promise you, I will update this story and Superstar as well.
I hope you will support this as well as how you support Way Back Home which was really my debut as an author. Haha. Anyway, I'd love to know what your expectations from this story, like the flow, the plot, the characters and everything.
I am not expecting everyone to like this story and I am not expecting that it will be a big hit. But all I wanted was to express what I am feeling and be able to share what I am thinking. I hope you will like it.
Please help me share my stories, too. Thank you!
MusicGirl3415
P.S. The theme song of this story is 'Almost is Never Enough' by Ariana Grande.