
Hey Minna. First off, thanks for clicking on my fanfic. So this is my first fan fiction to be written, and I don't know exactly how the story will go, so bare with me. I hope you enjoy the story. P.S. MAJOR OTP Moments take place in this fan fiction. Enjoy!(I Don't Own Fairy Tail)
~Fammy10-------------------------------------------------------~Normal POV~It was a normal day at the Fairy Tail Guild, or as normal as Fairy Tail would be. Everyone was eating and drinking, celebrating their position as the top guild in Magnolia. Little did they know that their Master had a surprise coming for them.--------------------------~Lucy's POV~I was sitting at our usual table, Natsu and Gray being as obnoxious as ever.
Gray, as usual, wasn't wearing a shirt, and Natsu, as usual, started a fight about the most stupid thing. "What did you say Flame Brain?" yelled an annoyed Gray.
"You heard me you ice freak!"
"Pyro"
"Frozen Brain"
"You're the one with the frozen br-"
Before the argument could continue, Erza stepped between them, pushing their heads hard enough for them to fall back and hit their heads.
"Ow!" The two said in unison.
"Now that's quite enough from both of you. You better behave, as I hear Master is about to make a very important announcement." Erza ordered.
"Juvia will protect you Gray-Sama!" Juvia went and sat right next to an annoyed Gray.
Just then, The Master spoke up. "Alright listen up trouble makers! We may be number one in Magnolia, but that's no reason to slack off! NATSU STOP WITH THE FLAMES AND GRAY PLEASE PUT YOUR SHIRT BACKON. Now then where was I? Oh yes. So to make sure we stay in shape, we will be holding a training camp! Mira will now explain it a little more in detail."
Mira stepped up, and naturally everyone sat quietly, anxiously waiting for more info. "Yes thank you Master. Now we will be holding a training camp and it will be held at one of our camps. Yes a lot of you may not know this, but our guild has quite a few camps for Wizards, and we will be going to the largest one which is located along the bay side area. We will be staying at a luxury hotel near the beach, and will be training under our S-class wizards, as well as a few other special guests. Oh and there may be a few surprises along the way so be ready. Now then Master please carry on."
"Yes Thank you Mira. Now then the camp starts tomorrow so be ready for a vicious week! Have everything packed and be here by 8 AM tomorrow. Don't cause too much trouble. Dismissed!" The Master stepped off of the stage, and it looked to me like he was almost snickering. I wonder what he had planned. ------------------------~Normal POV~ At the guild hall, after everyone had left, The Master, Mira, and Lisanna met up...
The Master walked over to where the sisters were standing. "Is the surprise ready for after the camp?" he asked.
Mira smirked," Yep, everything is under control. Master thank you for helping us plan this. They should have fun. I'm glad we could plan something for them."
"No problem. I would love to see this work out... Anyways, well done. Now get a good nights sleep. The next few days should be fun ones indeed." The Master smiled, and walked out the guild hall whistling, excited for the events that would be brought by the rise of the sun.
-------------------------------------What are they planning? You'll have to read the next chapter to maybe find out.... Hehee. Thanks for reading.
~Fammy10