
Chapter 1
I first discovered that it was over for me. I never knew how my life was going to be when my mother left this earth. I was drowning in my own tears. I wouldn't think that i would have my mother laying on the kitchen floor taking her last breaths in my arms. I always thought she would die peacefully. Not in a terrible way. I stood up and looked at my grandfather. Why in the hell did u do that? Why did u hurt her? Whats your fucking deal?I kept yelling at him and pushing him and I kept hitting him. He looked at me grabbed my wrist and shooked me saying"That stupid bitch should of had my money, if she had it then this wouldnt of happened.""That dosent mean put your hands on her and kill your own daughter you sick fuck".*SLAP*I have my hand on my face I gasp and look at him. Then I look at my mother. I was thinking in my head my mother dosent want me to hurt this old man. She would want peace. I grabbed smothing sharp near me and put it to my grandfathera throat."I suggest u to keep your dirty filthy murdering hands off me u old fuck before i kill u next."He looked at me and started to brust out in tears. Im so sorry Nakia i never meant to hurt u, oh my goodness what have I doneI was starting to feel sorry for him because he was just an old man just on drugs not knowing what to do with the rest of his life. I look at my mother she started to breath I rushed down to her and started to give her C.P.R "Call 911" i say to my grandfather Soon as 911 was on the other end I felt like i was speaking spanish or something i was talking fast. I wanted to have my mother back and alive. I want to be able to see her every morning. I wanted to be able to go in her room in the middle of the night when im scared. oporator: Okay i need you to give her C.P.RMe: i been doing that for the past 5 mins nothings happening. I say in a rude tone. I started to sob even more and then i yell at the operater and say Me: "when is the fucking ambulance coming to get my mother.Operator : excus me miss but they should be there alreadyI looked outside and i said " i dont see them, oh never mind i do now."I hurried and hung up the phone and waved the abmulance my way.