
In this story is a tale of two people who are one, My name is Krista Ensele and I will tell you a story about a girl and how she became a Schizophrenic.  My story starts here It all start on my eighteenth birthday when I was getting ready to graduate I started hearing voices I thought it was nothing just an imaginary friend.  But it was in my mind and I was eighteen and on my graduation day I could ignore the voices except for hearing things that I would thing people would say, that they were really not saying.  It wasn't until my twenty second birthday when I was sent to mental health, I went there nine times to find that I had Schizophrenia.  And my schizophrenia never sunk in until I had my tenth mental breakdown partially my fault because I convinced the Doctor to stop my medication.  Now don't worry I am on medicine right now it's only once a month and I always get my medicine every month it works way better then any other pill I have ever had for my schizophrenia.   It took me getting kicked out of one home that was treating me so horrible.  One person in the home that was the administrator was treating my like I was bipolar when I wasn't she even had my psychologist confused and when I got to the house I live at now they helped me get on the right Medicine which I went to mental health again but I got out after I had my medication adjusted.  Except for the medicine I used to be one made me gain weight that is when the doctor put me on a once a month injection which that doesn't bother me a shot in my hip most the time I cannot feel it except when I am on my period then it gives me a dizzy spell so strong that I have to sit down.
Now having Schizophrenia isn't so bad what bothers me is the Epilepsy you see I also was born with Epilepsy. Now I am not on medication for my seizure and none of them have surfaced.  I have thought about a drivers license but my mom said that you need to have clear mental state to drive a car which with my injection I do but sometimes my petitmal seizure will surface because the staff has seen me just daze off in front of them.  So I am going to stick to walking who knows if I work on  eating right and exercising then I just my get back to one fifty pounds.  I know this book may seem boring but it is the only way I can talk about my Schizophrenia they say the only way to get over have that illness is to open up about it to perfect strangers and this maybe the internet but you don't know me hell I don't even know me.
