
Hi my name is Katherine Pryde. I like Kitty better though, it's my favorite animal. I know, you didn't need to know that. I'm 17, and the youngest of the X Men here. The others are like 19 or up, and then there's Logan who's like 200 years old because he can't die. Since I'm the youngest, I'm always left out of conversations. It's not like I'm that young people! I don't know why some people ignore me. Maybe they think I'm fragile, but if that's it I'll show them how I'd kick there ass. They seem to think that I can't defend myself, even though I show them I can every time. "Hey Logan," I said as I was walking out of the door towards the oldest man alive. Haha. "Hey kid," he said like he didn't want to talk to me. I rolled my eyes, "What did I say about you calling me a kid Logan? It's not like I'm 13." "How old ARE you Kitty?" "I'm 17." "Sorry but even 17 is like a kid to me. You have to think that if you were like 250 years old. Would 17 seem young to you?" "I guess so. I just don't like people calling me "Kid" you know?" "If you don't like being called "Kid" then talk to Bobby. He treats you like a 17 year old." "He's with Marie." "So? You guys are all friends right?" "Marie and I are going through a tough time right now." "I see. Well if you don't get in the way, you can stay here." I stuck out my tongue, "SO what are you doing out here anyways?" "I'm practicing." "What are you practicing for?" "Listen kid. I don't want to shoo you away, but you're annoying me right now. So go away." "You just said you didn't want to shoo me away," I retorted. "I still don't WANT to. You're a cute kid, but like I said... you're somewhat annoying." I stuck my tongue out again, "FINE. Send me away, to crawl back to my room and think that nobody loves me." He looked at me, "Are you trying to guilt trip me into letting you stay?" "Maybe." "Well it's not working." "Fine I'm going," I whined. "Nobody loves me," I whined again looking down. "FINE YOU CAN STAY!" I smiled, "Thank you Logan." I ran up and jumped to give him a kiss on the cheek. It annoyed him so much, when people flirted with him. I wasn't flirting, but I wanted to annoy him some more. "THAT'S IT! GO AWAY KITTY, BEFORE I LOSE MY COOL!" "You already have," I smiled while skipping away. "See you later Logan," I called over my shoulder. Messing with him was fun, because he had no patience what-so-ever. I guessed that it was because he was so old. "Must be that," I whispered under my breath. "What must be that?" I turned to see Bobby standing behind me. "Logan. He must have no patience with us because he's so old." "What did you do Katherine?" "What ever do you mean Robert?" "What did you do to Logan, for him to lose his patience with you?" "First I asked nonsense questions, and then kissed him on the cheek." "So you tried to annoy him," he said scolding me. "You know you like to annoy him too Bobby," I said smiling. "Of course I do, it's funny." "Which is why I kissed him. I like driving him up a wall." He laughed, "You're so childish Kitty." "Not you too," I whined. "What do you mean?" "You said I was childish. You're the only person that doesn't treat me like a child." "I still won't. But you're fun to annoy just as much as Logan." "Do you really want to go down that road?" "Maybe." "Then you better have some sturdy tires. It's a VERY bumpy road you're traveling." "Ok I won't go there. I don't have good tires. I don't even have a car." "So you're a hitchhiker?" "No, I'm not a hitchhiker." "But you were going to go down that road without a car." "Shut it Kitty." I stuck my tongue out. Great, just one more reason for him to think I really was a child. He started laughing, as I started sinking through the floor. "Where are you going?" "I'm grounded." He sent me a confused look. "Logan sent me to my room." "Oh ok. See you later Kitty." I waved goodbye as I fell through the floor, and into my room.