
Ashton then got confused. "Then how come I've never seen you around before? I mean with hair like they you're not exactly hard to miss" Ashton spoke.
"I see you around all the time, in lessons, around school by yourself, I see the people that pick on you ash, I see you all by yourself, hoping that one day you'd make a friend" Michael explained, completely ignoring Ashton's question.
Ashton nodded his head in reply. "Wait how do you know my name?" Ashton replied, he was kinda scared, he's never met this ad before, yet he seems to know a lot about him, and Ashton barley knows anything.
"I have my ways....Ashton the lad with no friends" the red hair boy quoted, Ashton just nodded his head, starting at the floor and looking hurt.
"I'm Michael" the red hair boy chirped as he took his hand out for Ashton to shake. Ashton hesitantly shook Michael's hand, making Michael smile. "Shall we go somewhere? Like other than school?" Michael questioned, Ashton nodded his head.
Michael and Ashton had walked in silence, Ashton had put one of his in, and kept the other ear free from music, Incase Michael spoke.
"You like green day?" Michael beamed, Ashton nodded his head. "I do also" Michael chirped. Ashton blushed, not knowing what to say.
"So what other bands do you like?" Michael spoke. Ashton bit his lip, he liked so many. "All time low, slipknot, blink 182, pink floyd, acdc, falling in reverse, sleeping with sirens, of mice and men, and just a variety of others" Ashton smiled.
He and Michael, or just Ashton walked past a lady, she heard Ashton talking, Ashton believed he was talking to Michael, but to her it looked like Ashton was talking to himself.
"Strange child" the lady muttered, as she walked past him. "That was rude, maybe she just doesn't like those bands" Ashton spoke. Michael bit his lip and nodded his head. "Yeah maybe"
Instead of going to school they just wondered around, Michael had wanted to go someplace quiet, where there was barley any people around, so they did.
Ashton didn't care where they went or what they did, all he cares about was he Finally made a friend, he made a friend who was called Michael.
So I hope you all liked this it was really bad, but basically the plot of the sorry is Ashton doesn't have any friends, and then he meets Michael who imaginary, but Ashton doesn't see that.
He believes Michael is real, because he can see, hear, talk, listen, cuddle and hug him. And he's finally happy he's made a new friend, but what he doesn't know is he's make belief and only he can see Michael and no one else.
I don't know how long this will be it maybe only a few chapters or idk depending on if people like it or not.
So this was @jesus_in_a_skirt idea do you should all follow her cause she's amazing x
Twitter-@AshtonsGalaxyx Kik-5secondsofcookies YouTube-ViennaxHarrison Instagram-Mashtonxpizza
I'll post more regally now :)
Word count exactly 1200