
Sooooo this Jesus_in_a_skirt idea
You see that boy over there? The one with the curly hair and hazel eyes? The one who's always wearing overszed hoodies, and doesn't talk? The one who's always alone and is always sad? Well that there is Ashton Irwin.
No one likes him, he's just an outcast, he's always alone, he has no friends, gets bullied, he's depressed, he alone all he wants is a friend, but that would never happen. He's just always going to be alone.
It was another day, Ashton had woken himself up for school, he didn't want to go, he hated school he hated the lessons, he hated the teachers and he hated the pupils. He was already failing school, so what was the point in going?
All he'd do is sit at the back of the room, listen to his music, not do work get in trouble, it was like that every lesson. Michael groaned, he didn't want to school, he didn't want to face the people that bullied him, all he wanted to do was sit home, and be by himself.
Yes he's always by himself, no matter where he goes he'll always be alone, but if he's in his room he's safe and he's hidden away from everyone but outside he's not. He tries to act as if he's fine, and that he's not upset, but he is, all he wants is someone to care for him.
His family doesn't care, well his dad doesn't, he just thinks that Ashton's messed up in the head, which he's not, just because he's different from other lads his age, doesn't mean he's messed up.
Ashton didn't know what caused him to be like this, maybe it was because his mum died, or he's not allowed to see his younger siblings, maybe it's because he has no friends, or because his dad abuses him. Maybe it's because he's depressed, or maybe he can't see what's real and what's not.
"Ashton, get your fat arse down here" Darren screeched, Ashton moaned to himself, great now his dad's mad, that's all he needs. Ashton finished getting ready for school, and then strolled downstairs. "There you are, look I've got a few mates round later, so that means I'm not having you in here, so you need to find a place to stay" Darren muttered.
great now Ashton was being kicked out of his own house, Ashton nodded his head, hopefully today he wouldn't get a beating, and surprisingly he hadn't. Ashton walked to school, he didn't care if he was going to be late or early, he didn't even know what the time was, all he wanted to do was go somewhere where there was no people around.
So that's what he did, he wen to the beach, Ashton knew if his dad found out he was skipping school, he'd go crazy, but Ashton didn't care.
He wondered off to the beach, it was a nice, quiet place Ashton loved to go to, whenever he was mad, sad or upset he always liked to go to the beach.
Ashton was sat on the beach, minding his own business, chucking stones into the water, when he felt something brush past him.
Ashton froze, he didn't know who or what it was but he was scared, did his dad find him?
"Greystone high, that's a nice school" the voice spoke out, Ashton jumped he turned around to see a boy. He had astonishing emerald green eyes, red hair that's clearly been dyed, and a eyebrow piercing.
"Sorry didn't mean to make you jump" the voice apologised, Ashton just weakly smiled and glared at the floor. No ones ever spoke to him before.
"So are you like one of those bad boys? The ones who smoke, skip lessons, skips schools and fucks every girl is school?" The voice chuckled. Ashton shook his head.
Ashton had taken another glance at the red head boy, and realised he was in the same uniform. "You go to the same school?" Ashton whispered, the red head boy nodded his head.