
'Klutz''Bitch''Slut''Dick'
That's what everyone calls me. Too them I have bad luck, which I agree with. Three years ago my family died, because of me. Everybody just pushes me around because of that, which I expect because I'm a horrible person.
"Hey, move it!" A girl screamed. She pushed me so my stuff falls everywhere. "Sorry," I mumbled. I slowly bend down so I could pick my stuff of the floor. When I was almost finished, a boy walks up too me and picks some of my stuff up. "Are you okay?" He asked. I didn't bother answering. He helped me up and hands me my stuff. "Thanks," I mumbled. He looks down at me. He's very tall, he has dark blonde curly hair, and he has greenish brownish eyes.
"Hi, what's your name?" He asked. "I-I I'm Malia,"I stuttered. "Well Malia, I'm Ashton I'm new here," he said. My eyes widened. "Are you okay?" He asked. "N-no you can't hang out with me!" I practically yelled. "What-" before he could finish everybody bursted out into laughter. My heart started too beat faster. My breath quickened. "Hey, are you okay?" He asked me. I shook my head. "I'm-" before I could finish I collapsed on the floor. My breathing became faster. Tears were running down my face. Before everything turned dark I saw Ashton right in front of me, he was calling my name. "Ashton," I choked. My hand grabbed onto his then everything turned dark.*I woke up in a white room. I looked around and saw a boy sitting right next too me. That boy was Ashton. "Ashton," I mumbled. He looked down at me then smiled. "Good your awake," he said. "What happened?" I asked. "You had a panic attack," he said. "How'd you know?" I asked. "I have them too silly," he laughed. "Why'd you stay?" I asked. "Because you needed help, and I guess you need a friend," he said. "Y-you don't want too be my friend, I promise," I said. He looked confused. "Why?" He asked. I sighed. "Everyone hates me because I have bad luck, three years ago my family died because of me, everybody thought I was a murderer," I told him. "Oh, I'm sorry too ask this but how'd they die?" He asked.
*Three years ago*"Mommy, I'm going outside," I told her. She nodded. Today was a beautiful day too go outside so I took that chance too go hangout with my best friend Michael. I was walking across the road because his house is right in front of mine. I walked up too his front door and rang the doorbell. I was smiling as big as ever when he opened the door. His eyes widened. "Malia, your house is on fire!"He yelled. I turned around. "Oh my god!" I screamed. "Did you do that?" He asked. "No, I swear too god no!" I cried. "You have such bad luck!!!" He screamed and slammed the door on my face.
"Oh, I'm so sorry," he said then he gave me a huge hug. I didn't notice I was crying until I pulled away from ashton and noticed his shoulder was wet. "I'm sorry I cried on your shoulder," I laughed. He chuckled. "It's okay, I like it when pretty girls cry on my shoulder," I blushed. "I'm not that pretty, I'm just the girl with bad luck," I said. "You don't have bad luck, it's just other people are just trying too make it sound like you have bad luck, and you are pretty," he told me. I smiled and gave him one last hug. "Thanks," I said. "Don't mention it," he laughed. "Oh and the nurse told me too give you this," he handed me a tardy note. "Thanks," I said and I put it in my pocket. "I got one too," he laughed as he showed me his. "Your so childish," I laughed. "I know my mom says I have a mind of a 5 year old," he laughed. I frowned. "Oh I'm sorry I didn't mean it like that, sorry," he said. I nodded. "It's okay,"
"Wait, since you don't have a family, do you have a home?" He asked while we were walking To our classes. "No," I mumbled. He sighed. "I got and idea how about you live with me until you get enough money too buy an apartment or something," he said. My eyes widened. "Really?" I said. "Really," he laughed. "Okay meet yah at lunch," he said. I nodded and walked into my classroom.
A/N hey guys! I know this isn't good but it'll get better!! Just keep reading and commenting!!! Thank you if you keep reading! It'll make me so happy if you do!If you have any questions just message me!!!