
Imagine thousands upon thousands of your people dead. Your loved ones gone. Your town reduced to ashes. Your city lost. The world you knew was gone. Evil creeping into the world, slowly ripping it apart until it was nothing.1I ran terrified of loosing my family. I ran hoping the soldiers wouldn't stop us. I held my little sister, Ashtin tightly in my arms. My dad fell far behind us, but wouldn't let me help him. We ran through the burning town, trying to get to the wall. Soon the soldiers would find us and drag us back to the work-houses. Ashtin would be tested to see if she was a Breathless. She would be sent to Ethran to work, and live a life not knowing what was they were doing to them. She'd forget me and Dad. And Mom. But more importantly, herself. I wasn't going to let that happen. I glanced around and saw that their were hundreds of dead bodies lying around. There were small, dirty kids pointing at the bodies, yelling mommy or daddy, shaking the bodies. But I didn't care. I kept running, even when they grabbed my shirt and begged for help. I wanted my sister alive and safe. I didn't care about them, they weren't my problem. My dad, I hate to admit it, was a goner. He even said so. Ashtin and I came upon a bridge and the wall came into sight. My dad fell behind a couple of times, but caught up. Once, he fell face first and told me to keep running and take Ashtin to the wall and that he'd meet us. But I knew that he wouldn't. At thirty-eight he was pretty messed up. I sprinted hard. My sister's life was in my hands. I loved her, even though she was the cause of Mom's death eleven years ago when she was a baby. She needed me. She needed to be saved. Her head dug into my chest and tears fell on my jacket. "What?" I asked. "I want Dad." I layed my hand on her head and lifted her close to my chin. "I know. But I've got you. I'll never let anything happen to you. I promise." She nodded and wrapped her small arms around my neck. She coughed and wheezed. Her breaths were long, and slow. "Dune, help." The smoke was getting inside her lungs. I layed my hand on her mouth. I felt her warm, moist breath exhaling in my palm. "We're almost there." I said, as I sprinted faster. I slipped and threw Ashin on the cement. I heard her cries. She yelled my name several times, crying. I gripped the broken peice of cement and closed my eyes, trying to concentrate on holding myself up. I opened them and heard running footsteps above me. I saw Dad sprinting towards Ashin. He grabbed Ashtin and ran her to the wall, then slipped her into the small hole. She cried. Dad told her to crawl through and leave Minara. He told her that he promised that he and I would find her and we'd be a family again. Then I heard her say Okay, and that I was down here and that she loved him too. Dad ran to me, and hoisted me up the hole. He hugged me, but I didn't hug him back. "Why did you make her go?" I asked."She could get out. She needed to, they needed her to." "What if the Nobles find her instead?""They won't." We ran over to the wall. Dad coughed horribly. "Dad, are you okay?" He nodded, still coughing. "How do we get through it?" "We climb." Dad bent down on his knees and held out his hands. I stepped on them and hoisted myself up the wall. Then, jumped down on the other side. "Your turn, Dad." I half yelled. He didn't answer. "Dad?" He still didn't answer.I bent down and looked through the hole. The Nobles were standing over him, in thick, black amor. Dad sat there on his knees, not moving or fighting back.