
It was raining that day, I remember Little innocent drops pounding in millions on the windows 'Like hieratic stones, and the ground is hard.' Dark clouds encompassed us, surrounded us, but inside was light Inside was innocent like the rains, but we were really drowning in sin In the lust boiling between us, it was damned from the start.
I gave you everything of me, I gave it without thought For once the selfish girl was selfless, because of you, for you. My trust was enlisted to you, my body devoted to you With lying care you accepted them, took them, defiled them. Set fire to them while laughing behind the flames. I am a victim, you are the killer My body lies in ashes, swirling through the wind, the sky Free from all that was in life but not from you. If you were to send me off in inferno, tossing my remains to the air I only ask this- you do it with closed eyes, and remember every wound That knife of yours carved into my skin. Remember when you said you love me? I believed you so blindly, so stupidly. Remember when you told me of my beauty? Little did I know you never thought such thoughts. Remember when you promised to be mine? Then why, my darling, were you always with her. Do not answer that, do not avert your gaze Stare, stare longingly into my eyes with trepidation Absorb the true fury of the broken heart of a woman. Memorize each scar you branded into me Burned into me with your scorching iron, that numbed me it was too hot See the betrayal, recoil the lies, trace the cracks of my pride with your trembling fingers. Run, run far away, don't look back only shout to me a farewell of , 'I love you!' as you fade into the distance with my memories. I thought you to be gone, I thought to have let go, but you returned And I was shattered once more, the pride shivering like an abused dog. You are destined for travel, across lands and seas On the ocean you will live, you will stay for a while Do not return, stay there, be still, be still Be still as the ocean's mouth swallows you whole Never to resurface once more.