
I dreamed a dream today One overflowing with thoughts most foul Decorated with misery, lined with sorrow All of my own mind, I cannot fathom How did it begin, if only I knew I know only of what occurred in horrible  Shards, pieces, fractions of my own imagery Each dripping with a sickening realization of my minds capabilities
The window, that is a detail one must never forget A perfect rectangle, lined in white wood scratched with time Below it a light green nightstand, intricate in design Atop that, memories, all belonging to me There was my bracelet, silver and plain, a gift from my sister I remember it in its glory, what a fine piece of sterling 'I smile because you are my sister, I laugh because there is nothing you can do about it.' Scripted inside, evidence of a close sisterhood
Now, oh now it is ruined, my heart sinks, chest constricts Smooth metal now paper thin, evidence of fire etched on the silver My fumbling, sweaty finger twirl it about searching, searching Searching for the inscription, praying for it to be restored Just my luck, there is none.
Metal clangs on wood, directing my eye To a slender blackness with a dash of red A single devise with precious work embedded in the coding, the matrix It's a key, a key that once inserted in the proper keyhole unveils years of life Memories, art and history all conjoined into something marvelous Gone. Lifting the key up, I am to discover it severed In two, down the middle, horizontally as to allude that it was once whole Carefully the farce is restored for a feigned peace of mind It is wasted nonetheless, the remorse flows from my eyes. Hours upon years upon priceless moments forever desecrated.
Pain impending towards the achievement of recognition The final piece of this twisted game presents itself Moving from behind, advancing towards I. Turning I see, the face of whom my mind claims to be my lover A sublime hatred on their face as they stand before me.
Before my mind can register the happenstance They corrupt, spilling their substances unto the floor Crimsons and scarlet fold in a messy heap The stagnant stench of iron and flesh staining the hardwood, my mind, my soul Blood seeps from beneath the pile, spreading quickly, ravenously.
Red, it is all red, the hardwood, which once was white Now adorns the life of a precedent love, affair Faces of others I cherished present themselves in the shallow depths Smiling before violently contorting to a wrenching death Withering to black, the wood is permanently stained.
Truly, a demon had invaded my mind  During that time of slumber Running amuck, his tongue flickering with flame, nightmares dancing on his fingertips Mind you, I am certain he was laughing, viewing my pain My sorrow, my misery For that is a demon's nature, I am sure they cannot help it Still, I am certain that is not consolation for the victim Or perhaps, a demon it was naught But my own demented mind, expelling self-infliction, tainted with masochism If that is my fate that I have dreamed, I mourn for my soul.