
"I can't be under the same roof as you," my voice came out so eerily monotone I even frightened myself.
"Lex, if it's really that bad then I will go. I will go stay at a hotel." He pauses, elbows resting on knees poking out of the rips of his black jeans. "But is it really that bad?"
The left side of his mouth slides up in questioning, which results in the denting of his left dimple and that is my cue to grab my purse off of the table (the black Saint Laurent bag he gave me for my birthday) and tear out of the house.
I'm impressed with my own speed, as I fly out the front door and make it more than halfway down his driveway before his six-foot frame catches up. His long fingers wind around my arm and gently hold me in place.
"Lex, please! Please don't do this. Just tell me what you need, and we'll figure this out."
I spin around to face that face. That face that has made billions of dollars, that face that's a household name but just simply "Harry" to me. The face that I know better than my own, that I've spent the better part of two years running alongside. And this is it. From now on I'll just be watching his life go on from afar, in pictures that I'll never be able to get far enough away from.
I say nothing before I gather up the strength to say everything.
"I need you, Harry. I need all of you. I can't do this. I can't only get bits and pieces of you. I can't keep standing side stage and watching you charm the world and wait for you to decide when you only want to charm me. I can't do it. Because I think I've loved you since the day we met, Harry. I really do. And I need you to love me, Harry, and only me. That's not just what I want, that's what I need."
He's frozen. Because he knows that he can't give me that. Because he's Harry Styles, and he's massively famous, and he's never belonged to anyone. Not even any of the famous girls he's been linked to. So why would he let himself belong to me?
And when he goes without speaking for a long chunk of seconds and my eyes start to burn with a fresh round of tears, I turn around and continue down his driveway, pulling Uber up on my phone without a real destination in mind.
And this time he doesn't follow me.