
"Don't tell me what you want, just tell me what you need, love."
Tears flooded my eyes and I slammed my fist down on his stupidly expensive coffee table.
"You know what I need!"
The green narrows, and he doesn't know how to handle me like this because he's allergic to confrontation. And commitment. And sometimes I think all feeling.
This man was simultaneously the most generous, kind-hearted soul and the most evil, inhumanely detached monster I'd ever met.
And I'd known that all along, yet here I was.
Sitting on the couch of his home in Beverly Hills, right where I always knew I'd end up.
Broken-hearted.
I'd known better.
"Do you want to get away? I could buy you a ticket."
For a minute I stupidly think he might mean the two of us going on a vacation together. Silly me. He quickly clarifies.
"I have to get back to tour, but you should just get away. Take a break. What about Hawaii?"
"I'm not fucking going on an all-expenses-Harry-Styles-paid vacation alone."
I want to add asshole, but as mad as I am I can't bring myself to call him names.
Because he's up and bringing me a box of tissues and a water bottle and he's sitting beside me and rubbing my back. "What do you need, kitten?"
"I need you to stop calling me that."
"Sorry, habit."
"Yeah, well, now there are a lot of habits that we need to break, Harry."
"I told you I didn't want things to change, love."
"Or that. Stop calling me that."
"I apologize. What would you like me to call you?"
"My name."
"Alright, Lex."
"My full name."
He raised his eyebrows with a smirk, obviously not realizing my heart was currently housed in pieces on the planks of his wood floors.
"Alright, Alexandria." His low, slow voice worked through all the syllables dramatically and I groaned.
"Fine. You can call me Lex." I haven't been called my full name in so long that I'd forgotten how much I loathed it.
"Lex, you know I adore you."
Being told you're adored might be worse than being hated. It's a patronizing way of being informed you're not quite good enough to love.
"Harry, just stop. Please. Just stop. I'm going to go."
"Where? Where are you going to go, kit-" he stopped himself at my glare, "Lex, it's almost midnight."
"I'm sure the Beverly Hills Hotel will take me," I grumble.
"Don't be silly, that's a waste of money. Just stay here. You can take the bed, I'll stay in a guest room."
He was right, and I hated that. An unforeseen consequence of having my life wrapped up within a multi-millionaire pop star's was that I'd forgotten all about the problems of being a normal 24-year old girl. Like money, and not being able to check yourself into a nice hotel every night. But it didn't matter, I needed to get away from him.
The tears slowed and I stood up slowly, collecting my resolve.