
06:37
You wake up. You're alone- as far as you know.Your heart-rate is beating faster than normal.Much faster. It's as if you ran a marathon without training, which everyone knows you'd never be able to do.You're weak.It's a good thing.Makes people less suspicious of you.And oh fuck, do people have reason to be suspicious.
You see, you just killed a man. Wo-ah! Crazy, right? Kinda hard to believe, but hey! The body's right there. In the corner, see it? Just there-no, there, idiot. Right under your tattered Aerosmith poster, next to the briefcase full of weed. Don't worry, we'll get to your rubbish music taste later, but right now we have a murder to attend to.
Ooooooh, where's the weapon? It's hidden beneath your mattress! Pretty shit place to hide a blood-stained fucking knife but oh well. It's your funeral.
Well, technically, it will be the funeral of the dude you just killed. He's human (we're assuming), yknow? He probably had a family, maybe some kids. A beautiful wife, a beautiful daughter. You've just ruined that for the lot of them. Now, his son will never have a father figure to care for him.At least, until mommy replaces him with a buff, black lawyer that has a buzzcut and a goatee.Tear. Personally, I feel sorry for him. I hope you do as well, dear murderer.
Okay, okay. Maybe you're freaking out at this point. Sorry? It's your own fault, like, seriously. You didn't have to stab him. You really wanted to, though. Really wanted. So bad you literally fucking stabbed him.
You were just hanging out, alone in your hot-boxed apartment- that's where you are now, by the way. Smoking weed and drinking vodka- your typical Friday night- when suddenly! A knock! At the door! Oh my gosh! How exciting! A friend a friend a friend a friend a friend a friend a friend a friend a friend a friend a friend you've been so lonely all night this is your one chance at socialisation oh my gosh isn't this wonderful maybe they'll be into weed and vodka and you can be best mates an- oh. You stabbed him.You opened the door. And you stabbed him.
What if he was nice? Did you even consider that? No. Of course you didn't. Because you only ever think about yourself. He could have benefited you. He could have been asking if you were interested in borrowing his copy of OK Computer on vinyl or telling you that he had 16 extra pounds of sugar and maybe would you like some? But yknow what? Now we'll never fucking know. Because now he's fucking dead.
So, at this point, we have approximately three options. You could kill yourself.You could kill someone else.Or you could go to the police.
Kill yourself? Pussy.Getting raped in the arse in a prison cell? No thanks.
Okay, we now have approximately one option.Good morning, murderer.