
My knife, slices through the werewolves chest, my foot, connecting with his head. I land on the ground quietly, crouching as he bled out.
My smirk grew as I put my foot on his windpipe, and started to apply pressure. His eyes, rolled up into the back of his head and I slit his throat, just for safety reasons.
I carve DS into his arm, letting everyone know that the DarkShadow was here to kill. I smirked, knowing that I would be causing havoc. Havoc is my middle name. Not really. I sigh, my middle name reminds me of my father. His fathers name was Nison.
My full name is, Skylar Nison Miston. I am a huntress feared by most powerful creatures, even an alpha. I don't show those causing trouble mercy. I end their lives in a miserable way.
A howl breaks across the silent night and I quicken my pace towards my house, hoping to not get caught. Who am I kidding? I never get caught.
Just to be cautious, I pull my mask down and put it away in my bag before stepping out of the woods. My fiery red hair, blowing in the wind. I have crystal clear, icy, blue eyes, and a nice face structure.
No one knows how it happened, but I don't have a bone for fear. I have never felt fear and I never will.
A twig snaps behind me and I know it is a werewolf. Just a very powerful one. A Lycan.
I turn around, planting fear on my face as I start to walk backwards. I feel him looking at me from behind again. Stupid speed affinity. I turn again then feel his hands on my hips.
I elbow him in the neck and kick him in the groin. He falls over, groaning. I quickly run away, trying to put as much distance as possible between us.
When I see my front porch I sigh in relief. Until I fell his eyes watching me again. I slam the key into the lock and my eyes meet the Lycans gaze. I act like I shuddered, then enter.
I look out the window and see him walking cross the road towards my house. Does he want to be killed or something? I grab my gun and walk towards the door standing next to it.
He knocks three times and I mutter, "I'm coming, Im coming," before opening the door. The smile plastered on his face makes me want to kick him again.
"Who are you?" His smile disappears. I raise an eyebrow at him. His eyes flicker to my lips then back up to my eyes. I pull my lips into a thin line and ask him again, "Who the hell are you? And what are you doing on my front porch?" His smile reappears.
He starts to lean in and I lean back, only too have his hands on my back. I raise my arms ready to strike.
I elbow him in the head and it flys to one side. I release my body from his grip and knee him, then punch him, right in the nose.
He groans as I put a taser to his neck, "Night, night." I say before he sleeps.
Pulling him down to the dungeon was an impossible task for me. So I ended up letting him fall. Its not like I care if he gets hurt.
I locked him up then call my trainer, Jace, immediately."What's the situation?"
"A Lycan. Freaking tried to kiss me, that dumb ass. Walked right into my house as if he owned the damn place," my gaze flickers between a sleeping Lycan and the concrete wall in front of me.
"Keep him locked up. I'll come over for questioning," I don't say Okay, or Goodbye. I simply disconnect the call.
I walk back upstairs to my room and plop down on my bed, yawning. Tonight had been a rough night, and I needed some sleep.
A/NGood for a first chapter? Thought so.Hope this book turns out to be as good as my first one. Remember check out my other books and don't forget to
VOTECOMMENTFOLLOWSHAREBye!