
Chapter 1
Luke POV :
I sat in the back of the music room trying to figure out what cords to play to go with the song I had just written. The room was silent just the way I like it, I like the quiet. I could hear the rest of my class mates outside in the halls enjoying their lunch, people tend to pity me when they find out I sit alone in the music rooms but they should not. I could easily sit with Bens friends and laugh about the stupid things boys do but I would much rather sit alone and do what I love, writing music. Music is my life since the day I picked up Bens old electric guitar I have been hocked. At the age of five I was diagnosed with selective mutism, selective mutism is an anxiety disorder in which people choose not to speak in specific situation. I personally disagree with the diagnosis, I don't not have an anxiety disorder I just do not have anything interesting to say. I can sing in front of people and I say ease and thank you but other than that nothing is important enough that I feel I need to make a comment. Although I enjoy singing and everyone comments on my singing voice, I feel my talking voice in annoying so I just stay quiet.
My silent was broken by the loud ban of the door being thrown open and two people mumbling to each other. I did not bother looking up to give them the acknowledgement the desperately craved, I simply carried on plucking at my guitar. I could hear the voices coming closer behind me but still I stayed out of whatever was about to unfolded behind me, that was until I felt the tap on my shoulder. I span round in my set looking up at two boy standing side by side. On the left stood a boy with short shorts long black vest and shaven head, I think the boy's name was Calum he had spoken to me once to tell to tell me that he liked my YouTube videos he seemed nice. The boy on the right however was not as nice, his name was Michael he always picked on me and called me names. He still makes fun of me for the green jumper I was wearing on the first day of school. He had green hair right now but next week it will be different. He was always getting in trouble and been kicked out of lessons.
"So what going on Luke" Calum asked awkwardly scratching the back off his head.
"Cal the freak don't talk so just get on with it" Michael snickered although I was used to it, thing like this still go at me. I hated it when Michael of all people took the piss, I don't know why it hurt so much but it just did. I think it was the look in his big green eyes that got to me the most, they was full of pure hate for me and I had not I dear why.
"So um Luke er me and em" I Calum stumbled over his word not sure what he was trying to say.
"Oh god just spit it out already" Michael said looking at his watch like he had somewhere better to be, lunch did not end for anther thirty minutes.
"So me and Michael want to start a band but need more member, I have heard your YouTube covers and think you are really talented. I was wondering if you wanted to join." He said as fast as he could trying to get it over with. I looked up at Michael he didn't like me why would he agree to have me in the band.
"It was actually Mikey's idea to ask you, wasn't it Mike." Calum said almost if he had read my mind.
"Yes whatever so you're a good singer and in to the same song as us" he said looking anywhere but at me. "I don't mean you're not a freak though" I spat looking at me then quickly looking back at his shoes.
I slid out my phone quickly tapping the screen before handing it to Calum, scared that Michael would throw it on the floor.
"Luke said that he would be part of the ban as long as you stop calling him a freak and making fun of him" Calum said looking up at Michael.
"Fine. We will meet her at lunch tomorrow and see how we work" he said before turning on his heel and running out the room.