
"I'm Sorry about him, he usually ant such a dick." Calum said looking at the floor, in other words he was just a dick to me.
"Em so ill see ya tomorrow then" he said before walking out of the room not expecting a reply, then it was quiet again. I took some time for it to sink in that I was in a band with to people I know nothing about. I just laughed to myself and carried on the guitar riff I was working on until the bell ran indication that lunch was over. I put my song book away but stayed where I was, I had music new anyway. I sat at the back in the corner on my own people would leave two set's between me and them, some time's I worried that I smelt bad. I was in a world off my own self bitty when I felt the chair next to be move. I looked up to see Calm sitting down with a huge grin on his face, next to him was a Michael who looked like he was being touched but still sat there anyway.
"Hey band mate" Calum said flinging his arms around both me and Michael he swung back on his char using us to support him. Michael pushed Calum off his chair with so much force it mad Calum lose his balance and full completely of his char.
"Don't Fucking touch me" Michael mumbled before pulling out his headphone pressing play on whatever he was listening blocking out the teacher and the rest of the room. The rest of the lesion was un event full the teacher talked about how the beast music was the music form the heart and the class sat there not listening to a word he said. The bell run again indicating the end of the lesion everyone filed out and mad their way to the last lesion of the day. Calum stood up and walked out with the rest of the class leaving Michael sitting there with his eyes closed listing Green day American Idiot. The class room was now empty and I didn't want to leave him her for the next class to mock but I also did not want to be hurt. After about a minute of arguing with myself I finally tapped him on the shoulder, he opened his eyes and looked up at me his bight green eyes staring up in to my doll washed out blue ones. He didn't seem mad at first he just sat there staring me sight in the eyes. He finally looked away pulling out his headphone.
"What the fuck do you want" he shouted standing up making himself bigger than me, although I know I was taller than him he just had a way of making himself seem big. Before he had time to hit me, I pointed to the rest of the room as he looked round at the empty room I grabbed my things and run to the door about to leave when I hear him grabble a thank you. I didn't make a big deal out of it but the whole way to English I had a grin on my face that was until I relies I had English.