
"Ugh I'll never get a boyfriend Eva. "
"Yes you will but I don't know why you want one so bad, you've been saying it since 7th grade. "
"That's because I want one I wanna know what it feels like, I wanna know the true meaning of love. "
"Cassandra I don't think anyone knows the true meaning of love because they all say different things. "
"I will know. "
"Come on cheer up Cassandra it's a ice-cream stand over there last one over there has to pay! "
"Bet! "
"I beat you Eva!"
"One vanilla and one strawberry cone please. "
"So what are we doing after this?"
"Hmm, let's go back to my house no one's home, " Cassandra said.
"Really? "
"My Dad is working and so is my Mom ."
"Okay we are about to have some fun Cassandra! "
"I know right. "
"Turn up the music and get wilddddd!"
2 hours of fun later
"Bye Eva. "
"Bye Cassandra ."
My parents still weren't home yet so I walked towards my computer.
Then the phone rang
"Ugh stupid phone! "
"Hey Mom. "
"Cassandra your Father and I have to work overtime."
"Ugh when should you be back?"
"1 am. "
"1 am! "
"Yes. "
"That's ridiculous don't they know that you have a child me. "
"Yes but it's not like you're 2 years old you can stay at home by yourself ."
"I know that but I might get scared. "
"Are you kidding me? "
"No I'm dead serious Mom. "
"Whatever I have to get back to work. "
"OK bye. "
I walked towards my computer again. Hopefully without any interruptions.
I began to get on social media.
New Message
Tristanallday2000:Hey
Me(Sandrabae5): Hey stranger
Tristanallday2000: Wyd?
Me:Nothing really
Tristan : Same as me
Me: Yeah school tomorrow
Tristan : Ugh yes the Seven Crazy Hours of Our Lives
Me: Lol
Tristan : Yup what high school you go to? I go to Forewood high school
Me: Forewood High school
Tristan : Cool I think we should meet in person you're cool. And pretty . Wanna be my girlfriend?
Me:Yes I'll be your girlfriend Thatd be a great idea when do we meet
Tristan : r u free now? go to the park
Me: Okay bae
Tristan : Love u
I texted Eva. I told her that I got a boyfriend. She was of course happy for me.
"Over here! "
"Hey bae."
He hugged me and then pulled a gun on me.
"Bae? "
"Take your clothes off. "
I began to undress
He shot Cassandra and ran leaving her bleeding to death.