
Beyonce
My name is Beyonce, I'm 17, I was born and raised in Huston, Texas but my Dad got a new job so we had to move all the way to Atlanta. I'm gonna miss my friends and family but I got a feeling this change is gonna be fun. Anyway, I just finished unpacking the boxes in my room and the movers already came with the furniture and stuff so everything was done. I didn't want to stay in the house so I decided to go running, I put on a white and gray sports bra with matching sweat pants, grabbed my phone and walked out the door.
I didn't bother to tell my parents I was leaving mostly cause they wouldn't care anyway. Putting in my headphones I blasted the music and started jogging. Me, paying to much attention to my phone, as usual I ran into somebody and fell to the ground.
"I'm sorry baby girl, you okay" The man said helping me up
"Yes, I-I'm f-fine" I said looking up at the shirtless man I ran into, (Damn he is fine)
"I'm Chris" Chris said smiling (Lord that smile)
"Beyonce" I said while biting my lip
"Sexy name for a sexy girl" Chris said stepping closer to me
"Thank you, Chris" I said staring at his shirtless body
"Like what you see" Chris asked laughing
"Maybe"I said looking in his eyes
"Well" He said taking my phone and putting his number in
"Call me" Chris said whispering in my ear and giving my phone
"We'll see" I said purposely dropping my ear buds
Knowing he was watching me, I turned around and bent over to them up. I turned back towards Chris and saw him staring at my ass and I can't lie he was turning me on. Honestly, I didn't know what I was doing right now so I just said I had to go.
"I gotta go now but I'll call you later" I said putting my ear buds back in
"You better" Chris said smiling
I laughed, turned back around and began walking back home. Once I got home I immediately went to the bathroom to shower and wash all this sweat off of me. After showering I lotioned my body and put on some black shorts and a white tank top and layed down. Since I was bored, I decided to take a selfie and put it on Instagram just for hell of it. I scrolled through my contact list and saw an unfamiliar name and remembered it was Chris, I dailed his number and waited for him to answer.
"Hello" Chris said sleepily
"Oh did I wake you up I'm sorry, go back to sleep I'll call you tomorrow" I said curiously
"Nah bey it's OK, what up" Chris said shifting in his bed
"I wanted to talk I to you I know it's a little late though" I said rolling on my side
"So, you like me" Chris said smirking
"Maybe just a little bit" I said laughing
"Well if that was true you would've waited till tomorrow to call and not at 9:00" Chris said chuckling
"OK fine, I do like you..a lot" I said smiling
"Then you wouldn't mind going out with me tomorrow" Chris asked
"What time" I asked curiously
"I'll pick you up at 12 just text me your address" Chris said
"Kk, goodnight" I said yawning
"Goodnight sleepy head"Chris said before hanging up
I put my phone on the charger and in a matter of minutes I was in a deep sleep.
A/N: Nobody probably not gonna read my stories but if you are reading please vote and comment