
Nash's P.O.V

I'm trying to figure things out, since Cameron and I moved into our new apartment we have been closer than ever. Lately, I have been working on getting applications to college so far its been hard. I want to go to Stanford but Cameron said that there is no football courses there. I love him and I want to be with him when I go and start the first apprentice ship at college, I can most likely guarantee i am not doing i without him.  Cameron has gone on a trip to London for a month, he went there for a football game and retreat before there season kicks off, we text and call everday.  He is coming back tonight though so that should be great, just to see his face. I do miss him a lot when he is gone, maybe I'm just no used to the fact that things are changing in our relationship. Don't get me wrong the love and affection is still there, its just that we are moving a little to fast, like we are already almost in the kick of starting college.
I was about to start reading, until I heard a knock on the door I ran downstairs and opened it. On the other end was Cameron. He dropped his bags and I threw myself into his arms, he picked me up and spun me around while kissing me.
" My baby" he said giving me a peck on the lips , I smiled
I never get tired of hearing him call me that, it makes me feel loved.
" Cam, I missed you so much babe "  I said wrapping my hands around his neck
" I missed you too, you know how hard it is to sleep in the same room as Nate, he is literally up until  2 in the morning talking to Sammy" he said laughing
" So, tell me everything that happened" i said while leading him to the couch
He started talking
" Okay, so when I was there i went and played a few warm-up games a team from London, and um there coach offered me a position this summer to play for them " he stopped talking and waited for my response
I really didn't know what to say or even how to word anything at that point, i don't want to make it seem like i don't support him, which i do and i want him to happy. But at the end of the day I also want him with me and in my arms.
I smile at him
" Wow. thats incredible Cam, if you do go will I  get to see you for long" i say
" Of course baby" he says
" look, Nash nothing is going to change, i promise. Plus I might not even take it" he kissed my hand
Later that night,  We decided we would watch a movie, I got in bed, while Cameron hooked up the movie, after he was done he curled in next to me, pulling me close to him.
" I missed having you in my arms baby" he said giving  me a kiss on the cheek
Throughout the middle of the movie Cameron  wasn't into it anymore , i new that he wasn't because he kept on looking over at me, and he was rubbing my hand with his thumb. I kept my focus on the movie, which was really hard at one point. He shifted his body towards me and i looked at him with a confused look. He leaned in  and started kissing me, slowly then a little more rough but still took his time, when he parted from my lips he went down to my jaw and then my neck, I let out a soft moan.
" You know what we haven't done in a  long time, that we should be doing now"
i smirked at him
God damn it is impossible to resist him, he is just so attractive and muscular, I could go on and on about him, trust me. You would think that the nine months that we have been dating, that spark would have left, but no its still there and i love it. I have gotten to be more open about myself with Cameron, I am still insecure about myself, but with him I can be who i want.