
Of course, since Skylar wasn't allowed to drive, I sat in the drivers seat tapping the steering wheel anxiously. I instantly perked up at a knock on the RV door. I hopped out of my chair and rushed excitedly to the door. I opened it to see the sandy haired zen master, Danny Rand. "Danny!" I hugged him. "Pick a place to sleep but, I already have the coldest bunk so Ha!" I giggled. Danny just chuckled at my antics.
Slowly everyone showed up. Bucky and Steve, then lastly Wade. "Lemme see... There is the big bed that Skylar claimed. The ice cap as I call it, which is mine. And we got a bunk bed. The recliner and the thingy that folds out into a twin bed that's the table thing. So claim your spot and let's get this show in the road!" I laughed then went back to my seat in the front. I grabbed my headphones that I affectionately call 'shut-the-hell-up's' and plugged them into my phone. My phone luckily has all of my music on it. "Headphones going in!" I shouted and, like I said, put in my shut-the-hell-up's. I scrolled through my phone and found my 'PUNKROCK!!!' Playlist blasting it in my ears. I put the keys in the ignition and pulled away. Sky was probably on the wiffy or passed out so either way I didn't have to worry about her. I just focused on the road ahead and my music. All a sudden I was somewhere in the open road and it was dark out. Still My belly grumbled from not eating all day. I just shrugged it off and looked at the road sign the next stop was in two hundred miles. Soon we showed up into this smallish city and found a place to stop. It was McDonalds because they are everywhere. I un plugged my head phones and put them in my bed before addressing everyone. "Anybody hungry? We are at a Micky D's." I asked. I got a few mumbles and Skylar popped out of her bunk with a defiant yes. I'm pretty sure Danny is a Vegetarian. I'll stop by a Wendy's later. I handed Skylar a thirty. "Get me a double cheese burger. I gotta stop by a Wendy's. Wanna come Danny?" "Yeah sure." He agreed. By some magical force all my favorite hoodies/jackets were in a closet. YAY!! I dug around until I found the one I was looking for. My favorite black hoodie. I slipped my phone and wallet into my pocket before heading out with Danny. "To Wendy's we go!" I giggled slightly. My black and white striped beenie covered my chopped short bright blue hair. I also was wearing black lip rings but what ever. Why do they even hang with me? They're so fwaa and I'm so Blaaa. "After we eat I think you need to get some rest.""Why almighty zen master?" "Because you are all quiet and I can tell you are tired." "Good observation master Yoda. But I'm not tired. I'm fine. If I was tired I would be a lot worse than I am now trust me. I was just thinking." "About what?""The usual. Fandom stuff."I winked at him before biting lightly on my lip ring. We followed the Wendy's sign until we eventually found the restaurant "Hi what can I get you today?" The blonde behind the counter asked, mainly directed to Danny. Ugh, girls. *eye roll* "Two summer salads please." Danny replied kindly. "With ranch!" I added. The girl gave me a look like 'who was talking to you, freak?' Danny nodded in agreement to my statement. "Yes with ranch." "Here or to go?" "To go please." After a few moments of waiting they finally came back with out salads."Your total is 20 even." She gave our total. I pulled a ten dollar bill out of my wallet and put it on the counter while Danny placed his own ten down. "Thank you." I smiled and grabbed my salad and plastic fork. "Yes, thank you." Danny added. "No, thank you." The blonde girl gave him a flirty wink.
As soon as we were around the corner I started laughing. "Did she really just try to?" I questioned between giggles. "Yes, I guess she did." He chuckled too. We came up on the RV and walked in. "What took you guys so long?"Skylar inquired. "The cashier was flirting with Danny boy over here." "Really? What did she say?" Sky laughed. I sat myself in front of the curly haired brunette shorty and got my burger. "She was all like." I paused a moment and changed into her annoyingly high pitched voice. " no, thank you." I put emphasis in the winking. "And that is why we call you Mimic." Wade lol'ed and basically inhaled his burger. I stood and bowed dramatically. "So. You wanna stop at a KOA or have somebody drive. We are on our way to Baltimore, I have a Jalex to ship." I took a bite of my salad with a mischievous grin on my face. "Wait wait wait. How are we paying for this trip?" Steve asked. "Well Roger's I'll have you know that I am a Psychologist. Which pays excellently and I also run the café, which is decent pay, I'm more than capable to pay for the necessities and a few extra activities. Skylar, surprisingly, has quite a bit of money in her pocket considering she doesn't have a job an-" "Why are we fighting about this?" Wade interrupted me. "I stole Tony's credit card. Say it Jer! You know you wanna!" "Wade is the bestest of the best and is more awesome than me because he is the best." I said monotonously with a roll of my eyes. "We aren't using Tony's credit card!" Steve reprimanded us. I just shrugged with a grin and continued to eat my salad. "I'm not driving Steve! I get to take a brake. Wade, Skylar and Bucky are not, under any circumstances, allowed to drive. They will kill us all.""Fine. I'll take this shift." Steve sighed."Yay! Thanks Steve."