
"Where are we going?" I questioned looking up with baby blue eyes as beautiful as the ocean. "We will be there in a minute." My father answered harshly, causing me to flinch. As excited as an eight year old could be I watched the unfamiliar land fly by as we zoomed down an empty Montana highway. We pulled over by one of those fresh water pumps that was looked beautiful with all the moss covered rocks. "Daddy can I get a drink?!" I asked excitedly looking up once again. "Sure." He smiled down at me, allowed with a tone that made me cringe. "Yay!" I cheered happily as I hopped out of the car landing on wobbly, bruised legs. I ran over and leaned over to the water and swallowed as it flowed into my mouth. The squeal of tires sounded behind me causing me to jump and turn around. Looking at the car driving back the way we had come, I turned and tried to catch it, only to trip and fall to the gravel. I walked back to where I had been drinking and sat next to the fountain. Being eight years old, scared, scarred, and confused I did the only thing I knew to do: I cried.
I woke with a jolt, dazed and confused before I realized I was still by the fountain and it wasn't a dream. And to make my day better, it was raining. Hours had passed and the sun just barely rose over the mountains, spreading shades of oranges, pinks, and purples across the sky. I dragged my body up and took a sip to the mountain spring water. I stared back at the highway with no cars speeding by. He'll come back. Won't he? I thought to my self. "He's gotta come back." I whispered to myself with tears once again filling my eyes. "No! No tears! He'll beat you for it!" I cautioned myself.
My stomach grumbled, loudly. "I'm sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo hungry!" I whined to myself. I still sat in mud from the rain. A blue truck sped by and into the distance. Not the first car. There was this cool red one earlier! I cracked to myself. There was this loud rumbling and suddenly the truck was pulling in to to inlet of where I was sitting. A woman got out with hair that was obviously dyed platinum blond. She was very kind looking in clothes that I could only describe with one word: Montana. "Hun! Are you okay?!" She called. I coughed a few times and wasn't really sure how to answered. What I did know was that I was shaking, really, really bad. Not from fear exactly, because she looked nice enough, more from exhaustion. I was so drained that I couldn't really do anything."Oh, Hun." She sighed under her breath and picked me up with ease. I guess I was just that thin. She pulled me out of my tattered pants and shirt, that wasn't just from being stranded, and wrapped me up in a soft large blanket hat had random letters of the alphabet on it. Soon we were heading down the road with me buckled up in the back seat. "What's your name?" She asked me. I looked up warily. "Jerusha." I whimpered slightly."Well, Jerusha , we are going to get you some food and clothes. Kay?" She smiled at me. "By the way, my name is Heidi but, you can call me Mom like most of the kids who come 'round my home."I nodded slightly, then fell asleep during the ride.
~~
{flash forward Ten Years}I danced around the kitchen sweeping up. I was partying to Situations by Escape The Fate. Why? Because I'm brills and went through college while going through high school and guess what else! I'm eighteen and can speak seven different languages. THANK YOU NEW YORK!!!!!! I had also recently discovered that I could teleport, along with shape shifting and mimicking voices! I use this to my advantage during Halloween. "What are you doing?!" Mom laughed walking to the fridge and taking out stuff to make sandwiches. "One man party! Unless you wanna join me!" I giggled. Asking anybody who knew us, you wouldn't think we had a job. Mom and I we own and run a café that was two storied and not that far from our house. The second story of the café was where we rented out rooms for people in a tight situation. Mom and I have been there. We get it. The rooms are cheep too, as long as you don't mind helping out a bit at the café. Hey, it's a win for us, all of us. The customers get great service, The boarders get cheep rooms and a part time job while they look for a stable job, and me and Mom get cheep employees. We still manage enough to pay all of our bills and if we are lucky and save some money we get to treat ourselves like going to a concert or buying electronics. My thoughts were interrupted by a knock at the back door. I turned down the music, the song had changed by now to Knives And Pens LUV ITTT, and opened it. "OHMYGOSH!!! Nikki! You're back!" I grinned and hugged the fourteen year old who stood on our small back porch. "I see you are still doing the free supper for anyone in a fix or under eighteen." He laughed. I stuck my tongue out at him. "You haven't been there man! Kids could be starving! Some people may not have enough money to afford any food!" I exclaimed rather loudly. "Nikki!" My mom exclaimed coming from the kitchen to hug him. "Hey Mom!" The green eyed brunette Italian laughed and returned her hug. He still had a slight accent. Asdfghjkl! "How have you been Nikki?" Mom asked as I took a back seat to this conversation. "I've been good. We went to Italy!" He grinned. I raised an eyebrow at him like 'no you didnt'. He chuckled. "Well, the Italian side of town." I chuckled a little at his words and went to grab a sandwich. I popped that in the microwave, and waited til it was done, before going back to the conversation we were having. Nikki picked up half of my cut-in-two sandwich and started nomination on it. "If you were hungry you could've asked." I complained. "You know that's not my style." He grinned taking another bite. A little girl around ten years old walked up shaking and dirty. I looked at mom and she nodded at me. "Excuse me. I'm really hungry. Pic you could please spare some food for me and my brother." The poor girl asked with a six year old boy poking out from behind her. "Of course you can, Hun." I grinned at her. I held out my hand and she carefully took it in her own. The six year old grasped her other hand tightly. "How would you guys like a nice bath while I make dinner?" I asked with a smile. They both nodded. I led them upstairs. "We don't have any clothes miss." She told me politely. "Please call me Jeri. What's your name Hun?" "I'm Kirry and that's Morgan." "It's nice to meet you guys. Stay here, take your bath, and I'll bring you some clothes." Once again they nodded. As soon as the bathroom door was closed I let out a breath and yelled for Nikki. "Nikki! Can you go get clothes from your 'lil sis and bro for them please." "Okay J.J." He agreed getting up. "I love you so much Nikki! Thank you!" I hugged him then watched him run away to his house. I decided on making shells and white cheddar with hamburger and green beans for dinner. Soon enough it was done and Nikki was back with clothes. "Thanks so much Nikki!" I grinned and hopped up the stairs to the bathroom. I knocked on the door. "Come in!" Answers the small girls voice. "Hey, I'm just bringing your clothes. You'll have to thank Nikki for them. Later, during dinner. Which is done if you guys are." I smiled. I wasn't looking at them. Nope! Today is not my scarring day! "We will be down in a minute." "Okay." I agreed and headed back down the stairs. "Again thank you so much Nikki." "Anything for J.J." He grinned. I chuckled at my nickname. "IM HERE I HOPE YOU HAVE FOOD!" Skylar popped into our house like she does just about everyday. "You can't eat too much Sky. We have guests." Mom informed her. "Fine." Sky mumbled with a pouty face. A cleared throat made us turn around. Kirry was in a little black and white dress and Morgan had on a white t-shirt and tan shorts. "Let's eat then." I chuckled slightly. Skylar instantly was by my side. "Nope. Our young guests get fed first. Then you can eat. Go sit." I told Skylar before she could ask for food. ~~< after dinner>"If you have no place to go, you can stay here for a while until we get you sorted. How about that?" Mom offered the two young children. They in return, nodded seeing that it was better than nothing. "Come. Let's get you to bed." Mom led them out and upstairs, leaving me, Nikki, and Skylar in the kitchen. "Movies?" I threw out a suggestion. "Movies." The two brunettes agreed at the same time. All of us were instantly up and down the hall before you could say 'split'. "Haha losers! I got the good couch!" Skylar shouted. "Shut it Skylar. The guests are trying to sleep." I laughed turning around and heading back to the kitchen for snacks. Three bowls of ice cream and one big thing of popcorn. Balancing that crap, like a boss, I walked back to the living room. "I got snacks. What we watching?" I asked sitting between Skylar and Nikki. "The hobbit. Gonna have a movie marathon over the next couple of nights." Sky informed. "Not too late though. I have to open up in the morning." "Don't you always." Nikki commented. "Hey, mom needs her sleep. She isn't as young as she used to be. I'll be fine though because it was my decision. But, it did take me a week to get used to waking up early." I chuckled at the last part. "What ever." They rolled their eyes at my response. We laughed and chatted and watched the movie.