
@Ari_babeyy this is for you! Your comments made my day
Natasha POVI didn't know where I was going I just knew I had to leave away from rubys mother. How dare she say that? It was so rude! It hurt my feelings also....that was the first racist person I've came across. I couldn't believe she said those things. But am I gonna cry? Hell no. I've never cried infront of anyone. My mom taught me not to cry infront of anyone that makes you seem weak . I will NOT have anyone thinking i'm weak. I sat down at a nearby bench and played with my fingers wondering if I should call ruby...." Babe are you okay?" Welp guess now I don't have to call her huh?  " I'm fine. Can we go home now?" I said looking everywhere but at her. She sat beside me and pulled me onto her lap facing her " I'm sorry. This is all my fault. I should've told her you were black...I just didn't think she would make such a big deal out if it. my dad doesn't mind at all. He loves the idea actually. He said he ships us." I laughed a little and pecked her lips " it's fine. Atleast your dad doesn't mind. Maybe your mom will warm up to the idea?" I looked into her eyes for confirmation she looked back into mine and sighed " I hope so love. I really hope so "
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I layed back with ruby against me. I bit her shoulder " ouch." She turned facing me and bit my cheek " owee!" I held my cheek and bit her chest. "....do that again." I laughed and shook my head " nope.' I said smiling. She frowned and pushed my legs open tongue kissing me and rubbing her self against me I kissed her back and moaned pulling away " mmm n-no I was winning " I said trying not to match my movements with hers. All I had on were boy shorts and a sports bra. She had on a sports bra and boxers but by now we were naked. Ruby grabbed my hair pulling it so I was staring into her eyes and grinded against me harder rubbing my breast. I started to push against her and  moan loudly " oh god ruby I'm Cumming!" I grabbed her hair closing my eyes. She slowed down " not anymore. " I popped my eyes open " don't do This to me. I was so close." She got up walking out I watched her and glarred. I know I didn't just mess my sheets up to not cum. She came back only poking her head in "close your eyes." I rolled my eyes but closed them. A few seconds later I felt.....what is This? I opened one and gasped moaning "Ruby..."
Ruby POV
Yep I have a strap on. I wanted to try it out. I just love when she moans my name I have to let her-KNOCK KNOCK
Natasha POV.
Bruh WHAT the hell? I huffed "baby get up I have to go see who that is. " Ruby nodded and moved to the side. I got up throwing one of rubys overly big shirts on walking downstairs and opening the Door " What the hell do you want!" I asked looking at......
(Haha gotcha thought you was finna find out )