
"And you just literally can change? Like that?" Hermione asked, snapping her fingers.
"Yeah." I said. "Wanna see? I do know if I'm allowed to do it here, though..."
"DO IT!" Ron and Harry shouted, while Hermione gave me an uncertain gaze.
"If you're not allowed, then-- Domino!" Hermione shrieked as I jumped into my white fox form and landed in her lap. She looked around cautiously, then laughed and pet my head. I smiled-- at least, as much as a fox can smile-- and hopped onto Ron's head, and from there, Harry's shoulder.
"Cool!" Harry said, he picked me up and put my on his lap. "Your eyes are still the same, though, that's cool."
I blinked and changed back into a human and scrambled out of Harry's lap, faced flushed. Harry smiled and his cheeks turned a bit pink as well.
The door opened a crack and a girl stepped through. I haven't seen her before. Was she not there at the sorting? She was wearing a towel and her long, blonde hair was soaking wet.
"Is this the Gryffindor common room? I'm sorta lost, and I fell into the lake when we were in the boats and had to swim back to the castle. Silly, right? The water is freezing!" She said, shivering and walking over to us. We sat in a circle around the fire, and I scooted over to make room for her.
"Yeah, you're in the right spot. I'm Domino, nice to meet-- oh, Maylee!" I said happily, giving her a hug despite her being soaked. "I was doing stuff at 12 Grimmauld Place over the sum--"
"Shhh!" She said. "My dad's in Azkaban, I'm alone there." She whispered.
"Right. Anyway, guys, this is my friend Maylee Black." I said my introducing her.
"Another girl? You've got to be joking." Ron said.
"Ronald! Sorry about him, he's Ron Weasley, I'm Hermione Granger." Hermione said, smiling and shaking her hand.
"Hi Maylee. I'm Harry, Harry Potter." Harry said. Maylee blinked.
"Hi Harry. Yeah, I assume that you have had enough attention today, although I'm internally surprised." She said, curling the towel up around her. "Ugh, I wish I knew a drying spell."
We all looked at Hermione. "Guys, I haven't learned that yet." She said. "Classes haven't even started!"
May looked at me. "Why ask her?"
"They think that just because I've read A History of Magic cover to cover seventeen times I happen to know everything."
"You fixed my glasses on the train..." Harry said, taking his glasses off and examining them.
"That was simple magic." Hermione said, rolling her eyes. "You all should know that."
Maylee shrugged. "Was A History of Magic on our book list? Because I think I forgot to buy it..."
"Maylee! That was number one!" I said.
"Oh. Right then..." She said, adjusting her glasses and smiling.