
"How can the Paw Patrol help?" he asked
"Hi yes, I'm Head Park Ranger Silvera of the new Adventure Bay National Park, my team and I need your assistance"
"Oh hello, Ranger Silvera what seems to be the problem" Ryder questioned the Park Ranger
"There was a rock-slide early this morning on our main road in, which has now blocked the road! we need it to be cleared so we can
finish getting our supplies in, before the park opens next month" She said to Ryder with a concerned look
"Don't worry Silvera, No job is too big, no pup is too small!" Ryder smiled before hanging up
"Ryder Sir can we all go to the National Park?" Chase asked wagging his tail
Ryder looked at his pups they were all giving him cute puppy eye's with tails wagging
"Hm, I see no reason why you all can't. Besides I may need all of you, so We'll take the PAW Patroller" Ryder said smiling
"Ryder? Can we have breakfast first?" Marshall said looking at his Stomach
"Now i think of it, I'm hungry too!" Rubble said laughing
"Wubble's always hungry" Zuma giggled
After the pups ate breakfast, they said goodbye to Mayor Goodway then they hopped inside the Paw Patroler.
Arriving at the Entrance to the Park they met up with Ranger Silvera and her team, then she showed them the rock-slide it was covering the entire road, on the right of the road was a cliff the dropped down to a canyon, and on the left side was another cliff going up a side of a right hand side had a safety railing to stop motorists from falling but the rocks had broken the railing.
"Rubble do you think you can move these rocks?" Ryder asked pointing to rocks which had fallen across the road
"Yes Ryder! Rubble on the Double!" Rubble said as he began clearing away some rather large rocks
"Marshall, please use your ladder and make sure there's no more loose rocks on that cliff" Ryder said pointing to the left side of the
road where the rock-slide had come from
"Sure, I'm fired up!" he said as he moved his truck to the side of the road
"Ruff Ruff, Ladder!" Just as Marshall go to the top of his ladder, a sharp pain began in his stomach he Yelped
Skye hearing this looked worried "Marshall? are you ok?" she yelled from her helicopter
"Um yeah i think i ate something that doesn't agree with me" he giggled to Skye
"Skye, can you fly to Jake's? he has some safety railing for us" Ryder asked
"Sure thing Ryder! This pup's gonna fly!" Skye said flying off
Meanwhile Rocky Zuma and Chase were up the road a bit fixing a sign which has fallen over and broke into 4 pieces. The Sign said (Welcome to Adventure Bay National Park) it also had pictures of a cliff to warn people of the danger.
"This is going to take forever" Zuma said gasping at the broken sign
"No it won't i just have to find something" Rocky said cheerfully searching in his truck for something to fix the sign with
"Any luck Rocky?" Chase asked while scratching his head
"hm, not this, or this, nope not this either" Rocky said as he threw a surf board out, which almost hit Zuma