
"Ya change back, now." Hagrid said as I hopped out of his coat pocket and landed on the wet ground. It was raining out. I twitched my nose and changed back into a human.
"Where are we going?" I said over the pounding rain.
"See that little lighthouse out there?" Hagrid asked. I squinted.
"No..."
"Over the water, silly." He said. I gasped and scrambled further away from the rain-soaked beach. "What's the matter?"
"I... Have a fear of drowning."
Hagrid laughed. "I think you're just afraid of water."
"I am not afraid of water!" I snapped.
"Well then, come on. Get over here, we need to get into the boat."
"I can't." I said. My legs began to tremble. It was colder than I thought.
"Why? Are you too afraid?"
"I'm allergic to water."
Hagrid rolled his eyes. I winced, then hesitantly took small steps forward. He pulled the rowboat onto land.
Oh no no no no no. That thing is tiny! What if it capsizes? Does he see how rough the water is? What if it floods? Gads, I think I'm going to puke.
"Well come on then, get in."
I blink.
"I said I'm allergic to water."
I didn't realize what was happening when Hagrid picked me up and threw me inside of the little rowboat. I screamed and curled up in a ball at the bottom of the boat, quietly murmuring the song that people had sung me when I was a baby and crying.
"Shrinking light from the sun
Tells us that the day is done,
Contain power within,
As magic is in,
When power and magic are one."
I murmured the song over and over as I laid at the bottom, staring at the creaking side of the boat. Hagrid looked down at me and the boat sunk considerably in the water as he stepped in.
"Er, don't tell the ministry, I'm gonna be using a little magic."
"Tells us that the day is done..."
"Okay." Hagrid said.
Oh no no no no no no no. I could tell my body was shaking and I think I died a little inside when Hagrid immediately made the boat rush forward.
I know it didn't take long going across the water, although it felt like ages. The boat finally came to a jolting stop when we reached a stone island with a rickety old lighthouse/house on it. The contact made me fly out of the boat and land on the rocky shore, something I was grateful of.
Okay, I have a fear of water.