
Yes, that was my plan. Sneak up before Harry and Ron and Hermione and May, scare the crap out of Draco as a fox, then say he was a no-show and let Harry win the battle.
So it was 11:30, and Hermione said she'd wake us up at 11:45. I was still in my pajamas, but I silently crept out of the room, grabbed my wand, and slid down the banister of the stairs and ran to the third floor corridor. I rounded a corner, but jumped back when I saw Draco and his entire gang with him. I smirked. Time to give them a good scare!
I swapped and changed into the snowy while fox, then crept along in the shadows. Something that I learned is that my eyes glow really bright in the dark, no matter if I'm a fox or human. Sometimes it's good, and sometimes it's bad. Sometimes I can use it. That's what I did, all they saw was a creepy pair of eyes staring at them in the dark. Draco was holding a candle, that was his only light source. Perfect.
"D-Draco, what's that?" Pansy Parkins said, ducking behind him and pointing a shaky finger at me. I grinned, then closed my eyes.
"It's gone..." Another voice said. I think that was Crabbe. Or Goyle. I don't know. I ducked to the other side, silently of course, then flashed my eyes at them again. Pansy whimpered. Or maybe that was Draco. I couldn't tell.
Then, I slowly crept towards them, then dashed between their legs like a ghost. When I'm a fox, people can only catch glimpses of me at a time. That's helpful. Pansy screamed, then Crabbe and then Goyle and then Draco.
"I quit!" Pansy said, trembling. I ran through their legs again, lightly scratching Draco's ankle along the he way. He jumped.
"Lets go!" Draco said, grabbing ahold of Pansy's hand and running away with the rest of them like little girls. Aw, Draco has a thing for Pansy. The corridor went quiet again, then another light behind me made me spin around and growl.
"Domino?" Maylee said, leaning down to pick me up. I squirmed out of her arms and changed back into a human on the ground. "What are you doing?" Hermione whispered.
"Making them no-show." I said, smiling proudly. Ron snickered, then Harry too.
"Nice!" He said, picking me up and throwing me on his back. Maylee jumped on Ron, and Hermione stayed sensible enough to give us disapproving glances and keep holding the candle.
"Wait, Domino, what was your pl--"
"A-a wolf! It was in here!"
"A wolf? Why are you out of bed? Twenty points from Slytherin. And I doubt a wolf could get into the castle, Mr. Malfoy." Filch's voice echoed. Hermione silently blew out the candle. I turned around on them.
"Guys," I whispered, "my eyes glow in the dark."
"I've noticed, they're so bright." Harry said. I could see the very faint outline of his glasses and eyes.
"Yeah, thanks. Follow my eyes, okay? I'll find a closet or something." I whispered, running backwards and changing into a fox. Thank god foxes have night vision.
"Who's there?" Filch said, a light faintly glowing down a corridor. Hermione squeaked. There, that was a door. I dove into it and held it open so my friends could fit. There, I changed back into a girl, and Hermione used a spell to re-light her candle.
"Thank god we're safe!" Maylee sighed, leaning against the door.
"Uh, May, I don't think we're so safe..." Ron said, yanking Hermione's arm up. The light was faint, but it was obvious that right there, illuminated in the light, was a huge dog's head.
And two more right next to it.
Hermione was the first to scream.