
I sat in class, leaning back all the way in my chair, trying to get my head to touch the wall behind me. Did I ever pay attention? No. I tried to pay attention, just like Hermione told me to, but I couldn't. I basically failed at learning. Well, if I'm not learning anything, why is it called learning?
Bam, seconds later, I've fallen out of my chair just as the clock chimes three o'clock. Wow, is that a save or what?
"Are you alright?" Maylee asked, helping me up.
"Yeah, fine." I said. We finally arranged the seating pattern so I wouldn't be sitting next to my soulmate again, who preferred to be left alone. Hermione sat in the front: she always did. Maylee and I sat either in the back or behind Hermione, and Harry and Ron shifted wherever they could find an open seat.
I tripped out of the classroom, once again, falling on my face. This time, it was Ron who picked me up. Well, he didn't pick me up, he tickled me until I shot up and ran a few feet away for safe measures. He started laughs his butt off. Harry was off doing something, what appeared to be quarreling with Malfoy.
"...Midnight. Third floor." Draco said, staring at him menacingly.
"No-shows are losers. Got it?"
"Got it." Draco said, shoving Harry away and storming back down to the Slytherin dungeon. Harry smirked and turned around. Hermione began spitting out information about how he should not go on the third floor, Maylee began singing muggle songs at the top of her lungs, Ron high-fived Harry and told him to kick his butt, and I said I was coming with him. Hermione, at first, disagreed and told everyone to stay behind. Harry said that I should come for backup since I know a lot more spells than he does. Then Ron said he'd go, then Maylee said she didn't want to be a party-crasher and said she'd come along too. We told Hermione she was outnumbered, then dragged her into coming. She was reluctant.
We went back and ate dinner, the whole while Hermione was telling us it was a bad idea like a broken tape recorder. Ron told her to put a sock in it and she got offended, then left for the common room. I wasn't that hungry, so I tagged along with her.
"Are you alright?" I asked her. She seemed to be in a bad mood. I don't want a bad-mood-reluctant-scared-to-break-the-rules Hermione ratting us out tonight. Didn't she want to see Malfoy get his little butt kicked?
Remember how I said I didn't hate or love Malfoy? Well, I still wounds mid seeing him shaken up after losing a fight to someone who knows the unforgivable curses... Ha!
Then I had an even better idea. No-shows are losers, right? And he shoved Harry earlier, right? Hmm, maybe I can work something out...