
I felt someone grab the back of my red shirt and yank me backwards. It was Harry, but he caught me in his arms. My face went a bright pink when I realized that I was basically putting all of my weight on him, and he was holding me upright. I pushed myself off.
"What gives?" I asked, snapping back to normal.
He put a finger over his lips. What...? I looked around the corner. Great. A shadow of a troll. Not to mention, a huge shadow. Maylee gasped a little and backed away.
"May? What's the matter?" Ron asked.
"Oh, uh, I have to pee. I'll be in the bathroom."
"What?" Harry asked. "Seriously, right now?"
I looked at her with a worried expression before I snapped and smirked. "Are you afraid of trolls?"
"Ha, no." Maylee laughed, tucking a strand of straight, blonde hair behind her ear and adjusting her glasses.
"It's okay, May. We're all afraid of something. I'm scared of spiders, and Dom's afraid of water."
"Am not! I'm afraid of deep water, and lakes. Basically why bodies of water where I can't see the bottom." I snapped.
"Can we just rescue Hermione now?" Harry whispered. A girl's scream echoed around the corridor. Ron gave a sympathetic look to Maylee, then he grabbed her wrist and started running. Maylee screamed.
We skidded into the girl's bathroom, where the troll had already destroyed half of the stuff in there. Hermione was quivering under a sink. Ron ran over and she hugged him tightly as he tried to break away and pull her out of there before the troll swung it's club again.
"May!" Harry yelled. Too late. Maylee had fainted. Crap... I leaned down and pushed her against the wall, taking out my wand and aiming a full body-bind curse at him.
"Petrificus Totalus!" I screamed, but it bounced off of the wall and ricochet to destroy a toilet.
"What does that do?" Harry asked me.
"A body-bind curse." I said, casting another one. "Stupefy! Reducto!"
"What do those do?" He asked quizzically.
"Now isn't the time, Harry." I said impatiently. He shrugged, ducking and pulling me down when the troll's huge club same swinging over my head. As if time slowed down, the second time the club came down, Harry jumped on and climbed up to its shoulders, sitting down. I screamed for him to come down, but Ron and Hermione seemed to be in more trouble. I saw Mione look surprised, then turn to Ron and point at the club, trying to hit Harry, then the troll, then to his wand. Ron nodded. What was he doing?
Just then I heard the troll snort, and Harry's wand was halfway up its nose. Ew, gross! Then right after that, I shot another curse at the troll, knocking it backwards and having the club fall out of his hand. Ron picked up the club with the Wingardium Leviosa spell, and boom, hit it on the head. It staggered to the ground, falling slowly. I pulled a blacked-out Maylee out of the way before she was squished. Phew! Hermione came over and gave Ron a big hug, then Harry, then me. She squeezed me so hard, I gasped for breath and had to pull her off.
Maylee gasped and looked up. "IS IT DEAD? DID YOU KILL THAT THING?!" She screamed, just as the teachers filed into the room. Crudcakes.
They only docked Mione some points, then gave me, Harry, Maylee (who was quite upset about the troll being alive, I may add, and a whole lot scared) and Ron some to balance it out. Maybe even higher, after all. Well, Hermione did tell a lie. A quote amazing one as well, that didn't get us into trouble. I thanked her a whole buttload after that.
"I may add," Dumbledore said as he left the bathroom. "I like all of your costumes. You did en excellent job this Halloween, kids. Enjoy the rest of your night."