
I walked out of the cabin and down a few rows so they couldn't see me, and was about to open a window when someone behind me called, "Oi, Dom!"
Okay, I'm not in love with Draco Malfoy, nor do I hate him. People say we're soulmates. Not love soulmates. We're called Sarcastic Soulmates by Lucius. I really hate him, but Draco isn't that bad.
"Oh, hey Draco." I said, opening the door.
"Wow, I never though that Hogwarts allowed animals." He said, holding up a licorice wand.
"I know, I didn't realize that ferrets were allowed until this summer. Can you believe it?"
"By the way," he said, staring at my shirt. "That's some shirt. Where'd you get it?"
"Oh, this old thing?" I said, holding up my tee shirt. It's plain black and has white lettering on it that says Quidditch World Cup 1970. Yeah, Fudge gave it to me a few years ago. It's pretty old, now, but it's comfortable. "I thought you would recognize it, I pulled it out of your closet a few weeks ago."
A girl's mouth dropped open a few seats next to him. Some people raised their eyebrows and smirked.
"Funny, because I see your cream stained it. How's it working, by the way, did the redness and swelling go down?" He said, face of fake concern.
"Right. I forgot to return that to you, and I'm sorry, I know you needed it badly. I'll bring it back as soon as I get the chance."
"Thanks, because I knew you wanted it. Oh, and I need to know what you're eating to gain so much weight. I tried using plain sugar for my owl, and she still isn't as looking as f--"
"Dude!" His friend said. "That is no way to talk to a lady!"
"Oh, this? This is a thing." I said, looking at Draco and his friends.
"Yeah, this is just how we talk to eahcother."
"You guys are offensive." The girl said, looking down at her hands. Draco laughed.
"Are you two dating?" One guy asked, quirking his head.
"I'm really not allowed to date animals." Draco said, the same time I said, "I don't want to date flies at the moment."
"Oh, do you're available?" The kid asked.
"I said I don't want to date flies at the moment. And you, Draco have a fantastic day. Just, seriously, the best day of your life."
"Yeah, you too. Have a grey day, just awesome, tell me all about it when you come back from the toilet tomorrow."
"Remind me to return your cream for you." I said, slipping into the hallway and closing the door.
Me + Draco = Sarcastic Soulmates. I swear there's nothing going on. I continue to walk down to my compartment again when I feel something wet and slimy jump into my leg. I scream and fall backwards, catching whatever just used my leg as a springboard.
I hold it up into the light of the cabin. It's a toad.
"Oh, holy cricket, thank you so much for catching him! A boy named Neville's lost one, and I was helping him find it again..."