
If you are participating in the Guessing Game, this chapter will be the first one to comment on. If you need a refresher on the rules, go back to the Guessing Game (A/N) chapter for help. Remember, please don't reveal the answer or comment just to be rude. Thanks for playing, guys!
"Miss M, you're late." Snape said, doing his usual face-that-looks-like-a-glare-but-it's-actually-his-neutral-face thingy. Hermione, who's sitting in the back of the room, hands me my things and squeezes my hand in the process. I smile.
"I'm okay." I whisper, enough for Maylee and Harry and Ron to hear. Harry and Ron are sitting together, which means Maylee and Hermione are sitting together... Crap. Guess who has to sit next to my Soulmate today?
I plot my things down next to Draco.
"So I hear your transfiguration didn't go so well?" He asks as Snape continues the lesson. I roll my eyes.
"I hear your birth didn't go so well." I said, leaning back in my chair.
"I hear you were an accident." Draco scoffed.
"Oh yeah?" I asked. "From whom? My parents? Oh wait..."
"At least I have parents."
"Oh, shut up." I said, shoving his arm. "Parents that control your life?"
"Even, okay?" He said, chuckling and putting his hands up.
"Even. Now shut up so I can pay attention, you buzzkill. Look at all of the glorious potion information you're missing. Like, what will you do with your life if you don't know how to brew a Water Cleansing Potion? You'd have to buy a filter, oh gads, even though their so much easier to use than buying a buttload of ingredients..."
||~~~~~||
"Is it safe for her to be here, Albus?"
"I'm not quite sure, Minerva. She's a good girl, I just down know what will happen to her later on."
"Is she in any trouble?"
"I hope not. I think she's--"
I casually strolled down the corridor, virtually unaware that the principal and the leader of my house were talking with each other in a worried-like state. For all I cared, they could be telling me that the London Bridge is falling and I was too phased out to notice. They shut up when I arrived, though, which was weird. Safe? Safe for who to be here? Obviously, a girl. Was it Maylee? Oh pretzel stick, what if Maylee is a murderer on the loose from Azkaban polyjuiced as Maylee Black?
"Good afternoon, Miss M." McGonagall said.
"Good afternoon to you, too." I said, skipping along my way. Who were they talking about? I need to know!
Comment below!