
I was hanging out with Lukas again today. We've gotten to be pretty good friends. He can be a total party pooper sometimes though. He's really serious about everything and doesn't do anything fun. But I guess that's how our friendship works. I do the bad stuff and he holds me back from getting in trouble. It works out pretty well.
We were just talking about whatever at his house and watching TV. But it didn't last long. He needed to see his brother for a second. I went looking for him, thinking he would be in his room, but he wasn't there. I started to go look for him somewhere else, but I thought why not take a look at the little man's room. He was serious and shy, sorta like his brother, so maybe he had somethings about Lukas.
I looked in his book case, in his desk, and in the closet. I did find something under his bed though. It was shoe box that had in crayon "My little box of lies" written on it. I looked in it to find a bunch of papers in it. I picked one out and read it.
Did Lukas know about this? Did anyone know about this? About the box? About the lie? It didn't really affect me that much, but it still did something. Just at the thought of it makes me wince. I feel bad that Emil is doing this, and it's not even his fault that it's being done. I feel even worse that I never noticed this. Did Emil really do this to himself? It wasn't right, at all...
I'm not sure what I should do. I don't think I should go looking through more of these. They seem more personal then about anyone else. I didn't come here to get into Emil's head. I kinda feel like a thief, or a criminal for having looked at that, for having known that without his permission. I know how I can help though. I'm gonna be nicer to him, maybe say hi to him in the halls at school if I see him and he's okay with it. I'm gonna treat him like a brother when I'm around him, but not like an annoying brother. I'm pretty sure that might make it worse.
I started thinking a lot more on the subject of Emil's lie. It wasn't like he was the only one in the entire world to have this, but Emil was the only one I knew personally to have this. I can literally picture Emil in these situations. It's not pretty. If Lukas doesn't know, I wonder how he was able to keep it secret for so long. He seemed so controlled, so easily functioned, yet it was so different in his mechanics then in ours.
I put the note back in the box and placed the shoe box back under his bed quickly, trying not to mess anything up. I got up, still thinking about Emil, and headed for the door. Once I got there, I grabbed the door knob, but the door was being pushed my way. Emil was on the other side of the door.
"What were you doing in my room?" He wasn't being angered or sad or curious. It was kind of emotionless, to be exact.
"I was looking for you. Your brother wants to talk to you."
"Alright. Thanks."
As he turned around to go down the hall and down the stairs to Lukas, I noticed the small scars that confirmed the note that I read. I still couldn't get it out of my head. How long ago was it written? It's probably still going on to this day anyways. I don't want him to do this, at all. He scares me sometimes. That little guy scares me.
After his talk with Lukas, I called him over to the living room, while Lukas went to the kitchen to prepare their dinner.
"So, Emil, are you okay?"
"What do you mean?"
I looked at him for a few slow seconds. I brought my hand over to his arm and put it over the scars. I looked back up at him. He obviously knew what I was getting at.
"I'm fine, I promise." His voice was cold and shallow. He obviously wasn't sure.
"I don't want you to lie to me about this. Can you at least tell me if you told anyone or if anyone else noticed?"
He shook his head lightly, not speaking a word.
"Alright. Here, let's make a deal. I won't tell anyone, and if you ever feel bad, come talk to me. Lukas can give you my address. And just tell him that I said it was okay, and if he doesn't believe me, I'll text him. You can call me if you need to too." I handed him my phone number a few moments later. "So, you up for it?" He nodded his head lightly, and gave me a weak smile. I'm just happy that he has someone to help him.