
It's my final mission. The last of the sneaking between houses at night, tying not to awake the neighbor's dog or use any magic when I'm scared of the forest behind their house. I can't help but bounce off of the walls with the exciting thought that I can finally leave these power-hungry idiots behind me.
Power-hungry + idiotic = torture. Do I help them? No. Am I concerned? No.
I couldn't care less what happens to the Ministry of Magic and Fudge. He could go sit in a hole for the rest of his life for all I cared.
My feet were furiously tapping the ground as I sat in the levitating chair that I hexed two years ago. No matter how hard their strongest aurors tried, the chair wouldn't go back down. The only time it's really annoying is when someone tells you to sit still and the chair keeps leaning.
"Domino?" Fudge said, leaning his squished head out the door to his office. I shot up, maybe a little to eagerly, and skidded into the room. "Calm down, there. I'd like you to meet Rubeus Hagrid. He'll be your assistant during this last requested mission."
"Hello there." A tall man said. He smiled a warm smile. He's friendly, although he's super tall. I grin.
"Hi. My name's Domino."
"That's it? Like the muggle game?" Hagrid asked.
"Mhm." I nodded. "I don't know exactly why."
"Oh, okay. Well, I have a motorcycle for us to get in in a few minutes."
"A motorcycle?!" I said excitedly. I think my enthusiasm levels sparked about a thousand times right then.
"Yeah, a motorcycle. You won't be riding in it, though. Need to save the room for the other student were picking up. He's coming with you to Hogwarts. It's Harry Potter, that's who." Hagrid said. My eyes widened.
"The very-actual-legit Harry Potter?" I ask, ignoring the fact that I won't be able to ride the super-cool motorcycle.
"That same Harry Potter."
No way. No way. I'm meeting Harry Potter! But wait, how do I get there?
"Your animagus is a white fox, right?" Fudge asked.
"Always has been."
"Hagrid is going to take you in his coat, and you can change back into a human when you arrive."
"Fancy." I said, bouncing on my heels. I was totally excited.
More excited then necessary, probably.
"Well then, let's get a move on. It's getting later and later while we sit and chit-chat, by the time we'll get there it'll be dark!" Hagrid said. He went on rambling about time. I phased out.
I'm meeting Harry Potter...
I'm actually meeting the living, breathing, famous Harry Potter!