
"One more time! Please? I think I can get it this time!" Maylee whined.
"Oh, fine." I said, rolling my eyes and smiling. May did a handstand, and I picked up her ankles and we were walking across the lawn while Hagrid, Harry, and Hermione sat on a bench talking. Ron was attempting to make Maylee and I laugh so I would drop her and she would fall, and he was succeeding every time. It actually worked this time, Ron was attempting to make us laugh, and we were laughing, but also walking around on our hands.
"Suck eggs, Ronald Weasley!" Maylee said, laughing.
"...Nicholas Flamel?!" I heard Hermione gasp. Hey, I've heard that name! I dropped Maylee and walked over to Mione.
"Hey! What the heck, Dom?" Maylee said. She looked at Ron, who tried to run away, but she clamped an iron grip around his hand and made him hold her ankles while she did a handstand. Ron ran her into a tree. Ouch, sorry May!
"Who's Nicholas Flamel?" Harry asked. Hagrid shook his head and closed his eyes.
"Oh, I shouldn't have said that. I should not have said that..."
"Old Nicky!" I said, jumping on the bench next to Harry. "Nicholas Flamel! He's a famous wizard!"
"And...?" Hermione said, looking at me.
"I don't know. He's famous. He's a guy. He's a wizard." I shrugged.
"Wow, Domi, that's going to help us a whole lot."
"Help us what?" Ron asked, steering Maylee over to the bench.
"Nicholas Flamel. Have you ever heard of him?"
Ron thought for a second. "Nope." He said, making a popping noise when he said it. Hermione rolled her eyes.
"Figures..."
"You kids shouldn't get involved in that stuff, you're only eleven." Hagrid said. Yeah, that is true. I turned eleven last weekend, aka the last week of September. Hermione got me a planner that magically talked, Ron got my a bunch of candy, Maylee bought me an awesome baseball cap with the Chudley Cannons emblem on it (that Ron kept eyeing, so I slapped it on his head), and Harry bought me a bracelet. It was really pretty, and had a snitch on it. Cool!
"So? We're gonna find out, Hagrid." Harry said.
"Well, if you do, I wasn't involved." Hagrid said, making a face then walking away.
"Let the hunt for Nicky Flannel begin!" Maylee yelled, grabbing the attention of some nearby sixth years who snickered. She glared at them her piercing glare, and they left immediately. Ron laughed.