
Chapter 1: National Park
Mayor Goodway arrived at the lookout, where she found Ryder getting the pups breakfast ready
"Hello Ryder" Mayor Goodway said.
"Oh hi Mayor Goodway, is something wrong?" Ryder asked
"No nothing's wrong i have an announcement for you and the pups" She said with a smile
"really? cool! I'll get the pups, Pups to the Lookout!" Ryder said opening his pup pad.
Meanwhile the pups were playing tag outside
"Tag your it Marshall!" Rocky said
"Hey! No fair i wasn't ready!" Just as Marshall said this all their pup tags beeped.
"Ryder's Calling" they all said together
On the way to the lookout, Marshall was last but suddenly stopped in his tracks.
"Ow!" Marshall said before as he held his stomach
"Marshall you alright buddy" Chase asked as he stopped next to Marshall
"Yeah I'm fine guess I'm more hungry then i thought!" Marshall laughed to himself
"Come on then, lets hurry, Race ya?" Chase said to Marshall who was looking at the other pups, as they entered the
lookout doors.
"Oh your on" Marshall said, they laughed as they began to run towards the lookout
Inside the Lookout elevator Zuma looked at the others
"hey where's.." Zuma didn't get time to finish, just then Marshall burst through the doors with Chase close behind him
"I'm gonna win!" Marshall said surprised, just then he tripped over an old rug, which wrapped himself and Chase up in it
"LOOK OUT!" Chase and Marshall yelled
"Oh no" Skye said trying to get out the way but before she could Chase and Marshall slammed into the others in the elevator
"I guess it was a tie!" Skye said laughing, the other pups laughed as-well
At the top of the Lookout, the pups all jumped out of the elevator apart from Marshall who was touching his Stomach
"Paw Patrol Ready for acti..." Chase paused turning around looking at Marshall
"Hey Marshall you ok? Ryder said also noticing Marshall still in the elevator
"Oh sorry pups! Sorry Ryder! I'm just hungry" Laughed Marshall as he joined the other pups.
"Ok, Paw Patrol Ready for action! Ryder Sir!" Chase said
"Hey pups, thanks for coming!, Mayor Goodway has..." Ryder didn't get to finish, as she cut him off
"Hello pups, i have some good news" she began
"Good news?! What is it?" Skye said wondering what it could be.
"Well Adventure Bay is going to have a National Park, which is going to also include Jakes Mountain"
"Wow that's great news!" Ryder said smiling
"Yeah that's Fantastic" Rocky added
Just then Ryder's Pup pad Beeped
"Hello Ryder here"
"G'day Ryder" a female Australian voice said
Mayor Goodway looked at Ryder and the pups and smiled "Oh my goodness its her!" She stated