
After Hermione's scream, everyone else screamed. Hermione dropped the candle, where it illuminated the paws of the huge dog. Wait a minute, what was it standing on? A broken wooden plank? But the flow was stone... And so were the walls and ceiling.
That's a trapdoor.
Speaking of doors, Hermione was out of that door in seconds. Maylee followed, falling on top of poor Hermione. Then Ron and the Harry and then me, all falling on top of Hermione. She wheezed and rolled over, casing all of us to fall on our faces. Especially me.
Once back on our feet, we took off up the stairs and around the twists and bends of the castle. Harry spit out the password when he arrived, which was good because the Fat Lady was half asleep and didn't say anything to us. We all collapsed on the floor in the common room, next to the fire, panting and freaked out.
We all slept on the floor that night.
||~~~~~||
I woke up with Maylee's head on my lap and Ron's arm covering my eyes. I shoved him off and sat up. May's glasses fell off. I looked around. The only one up was Hermione.
"Mione?" I asked, groaning.
"Did you see what that dog was standing on yesterday?" She asked.
I sat up even more and tried to lift Maylee's head off of my lap. "A trapdoor. I thought I was the only one who noticed." I said.
"I thought I was the only one who noticed!" She giggled. I stepped over the sleeping Harry, Ron, and May and sat next to Hermione. "I'm trying to think of what it could've been guarding..."
Then it hit me. "Holy cheese, I remember!" I said. Ron snorted, and I winced. "Holy cheese, I remember..." I said quieter. "When I first went to get Harry with Hagrid, Hagrid stopped in Gringotts in a vault to grab something... He said not to tell anyone. Said it was Dumbledore's business, and looked at me like I should know what it was."
"Well, do you know what it was?"
"I just can't remember." I said, staring down at my shoes. Ew, I slept with shoes on?
"Isn't there a potion that helps you remember stuff?" Hermione asked.
"Felix Felicies?" I suggest.
"That's liquid luck, Domi. What else?"
"Polyjuice?"
"Okay, now you're just guessing. No, that's what makes you turn from one person to another with just their hair..."
"How do you know that?" I giggle.
"Because she read A History of Magic seventeen times!" Maylee says. I laughed.