
Searching restlessly for apartments I sigh and let out a tired yawn. Clicking my iPhone on I see the white numbers, 2:47, in the morning.
"You did it again.." I mumble, stayed up late, no success, and time to stress. Putting my laptop aside I stare out my window. I know what I'm going to do, even though I look like trash right now.
Make a video. I have started a little playlist called 'Can't Sleep, Get Help'. For all the times I haven't been able to fall asleep, which that has been... 14 times! Going on 20 soon!
But first before I start I have to fix myself up, just a little bit. I change out of my sweats and baggie t-shirt to a Captain America shirt with black skinny jeans. I didn't bother putting shoes on, they aren't going to see my feet anyways.
I hit the record button and away this, sleepless night goes.
"Hey guys! It's me ah! Not Mario, but Belle at your service, but I know a few Mario's and Luigi's! They own pizza parlors! Talk about pizza," my stomach growls loudly, "I'm hungry..." I grab my phone and speed dial Poppa John's. "Yes I have a pizza parlor on my speed dial, hey a girls gotta do what a girls gotta do.."
Recording the rest of this, (including when the pizza came and the guy, who gave me a 20 for him being in the video) I kept talking.
"So I have been looking for a place to stay cause my current one is starting to get weary of my presence..," I joke around, it's actually because I can upgrade to another one and move away, "yeah, which that means, moving!" I jump up off the ground and on to my bed, "I can't wait!" I screech. "Oops, I used screech and the audience has left us.. Just kidding guys, anyways, have a good day or evening or night, like I am! Stay positive, stay cool, and go show the world your moves!" Winking I shut the camera off and plop on the floor.
Taking the camera, I pull out the card and plug it in to my laptop.
"Plug it in, plug it in..." I sing from the commercial, whichever one it is. But psh, if your like me you think of another thing. Yeah, you know, 'plug it in', 'plug it in'. Whoever thought about that sure didn't know about the pervy teens out there.
I say teen, because I am. 18, YouTuber, and a creative person. Or known as 'BeautifulDinosaurBella', that being who I am on the Tube.
"But oh, she is creatively feisty, rawr.." I say raising my eyebrows trying to be funny. I'm a beautiful dinosaur. The dinosaurs name, Belle. I have no idea what I'm doing, I'm just living off what energy I have left.
Taking the last slice of pizza I bite off the stringy cheese. Oh my goodness, there pizza is the best. No matter what other people say!
"Poppa John's rules the pizza world! Sorry Mario and Luigi!" I say pointing up to the ceiling. A knock comes on my door, prancing over I see who it is. It's my neighbor! William.
"Belle.. You talking to yourself again.." I was talking that loud, he he, oops.
"S-sorry," I say laughing nervously, "I'll try to be more quiet.." I'm trying to reassure him that this will never happen again!
"That's what you said last time Belle," he raises his eyebrow at me. His brown eyes staring into my hazel ones.
"That was just to make sure you heard me, okay? Okay. Nice chat! Bye!" I slam the door and watch him walk away.
Oi! Oi! That's neighbor! William is the 19 year old that any girl would die for. Brown eyes, black hair that is slightly spiked up, toned muscles and other things that normal girls these days like. But those features just don't strike me.
Like he is attractive yes. But..