
Remember how I said I have no central balance in me? Yeah, well, I'm not horrible at flying. I'd say I'm pretty decent at it, if I didn't fall off of my broom every ten seconds. I don't know how these people manage to stay on, I can't. But whatever, I'm still in flying lessons.
"Up!" Ron yelled, trying to get his broom to fly up to him. What time was this? Eighth? Harry and Maylee already had their up, and Maylee was currently dancing around with it like it was a person. Hermione.... Well, she was having some trouble. Ron's was moving, at least. "Up!" He yelled, one last time before the broom flew up and smacked him in the head. I started laughing, only for my broom to do the same. I caught mine, though, which kinda sent me stumbling backwards. Luckily, Maylee's imaginary partner caught my fall.
"Domino!" Ron yelled before I hit the ground. I don't know whether he meant to say my name like I was falling to my death, or just saying it like "timber". Whatever, it still sent him into hydsterics.
"Hey, watch Alfredo here." Maylee said, still dancing with her broom.
"Black! Stand like Mr. Potter and don't cause trouble!" Madam Hooch yelled at her. She did one last spin with her broom, which placed her next to Harry.
Madam Hooch then explained how to kick off, sit on your broom, and hover above the ground. I didn't really see Neville try it, but I did see him hanging off of a hook a few stories up by his robes.
"Mr. Longbottom! Don't move, we can get you off--" Bam. It was over, Neville was on the ground. I was sure he was dead until Madam Hooch picked him up and said something about his wrist being broken. She told us not to move until she came back.
Lucky for me, Malfoy was the first up in the air. I mounted my broom, and Hermione grabbed my arm. "Oh no you don't, Domi, you're gonna get us all in trouble!" She said. Then, Harry whizzed past me, and I just had to follow him up to his spot next to Malfoy.
"Hello Potter. Hello, Domino. Say, Domino, where did you learn to fly like this?"
"In your backyard. You didn't see me? Oh wait, your backyard was taken over by death eaters, I guess that's why you didn't see..."
"You don't even have one, okay?" Malfoy sneered.
"Have what? A personality? Well, I'd rather not have one at all than have one like yours..."
"Ah, I guess it come from your parents... Oh wait..."
"Er, hello?" Harry asked. "You really hate eachother!"
"Oh, we won't hate eachother. This is just how to talk all the time.",
"Yeah, we... It's like a bit. We're Sarcastic Soulmates, that's what my father calls us."
"Speaking of your father..." I said.
"Shut it, Domino." Draco said. "Let me handle Potter for a moment."  Draco then went around, taking Neville's rememberall, then tossing it into the air. Harry had chased after it until he caught it beside a window, and threw it to Maylee who was all the way across the courtyard.
And she caught it!
"Potter! Black! Domino! Inside, now!" I heard McGonagall say. Uh-oh. Hermione looked at me like I-told-you-so. I shrugged and followed Maylle and Harry beside McGonagall and into the building.