
"No thanks. I'll walk." I said, looking down at the boats on the shimmering lake before me. No, scratch that, it's not shimmering. It's a black, swirling, watery pit of death. After admitting to Hermione my fear, she made sure that she didn't leave my side. That's what I call a friend. But that doesn't help the fact that I need to haul my body in a boat and drag myself across this black hole to get to my new school.
"Domino, come on. You need to." Hermione said, squeezing my hand. "Sing that song you told me."
I shiver and look down in the boat. With a deep breath, I step into it and hold onto the sides as tight as possible. "Hermione! It's sinking!" I screamed. Harry and Ron were on the front, laughing their rears off. "Harry! You promised you wouldn't la-- what was that? In the water?"
Hermione jumped into the boat next to me. I squeaked.
"This is not comfortable. Look, Ron's gonna fall in. He's tempting fate. Stop leaning over the side, if you fall in I'm gonna puke."
"Ew." Hermione said. "You'll be okay, just focus on the castle and sing your song."
"But it's so far away." I whined. "Look at it, it's gonna take forever to get to." Suddenly, the boat jolted and started slowly moving across the lake. "Holy crap, is this what dying feels like? I think I'm dying." I said.
"You need to relax." Ron said.
"Yeah, you'll be okay." Harry said. He squirmed over to my side of the boat and switched places with Hermione. He squeezed my hand reassuringly.
"Yeah, thanks." I mumbled, feeling sick to the stomach.
"Shrinking light from the sun
Tells us that the day is done,
Contain power within,
As magic is in,
When power and magic are one." I murmured to myself. To be honest, the limerick is kind of dark and more of a poem than a song. Fudge called it a song. I don't know, it calms me down in an odd way. Like, makes me super sleepy. I can put myself to sleep with it if I sing it a ton of times over and over.
"That's a dark poem." Ron said, staring at the castle.
"He's right, where did it come from?" Hermione asked.
"Fudge." I said, repeating the poem again in my head. I started to feel a little drowsy, so I stopped singing. We dismounted the boats once we reached the castle, and I hugged the ground. I missed it a ton, and told myself to never go in the Black Lake ever again. They led us up to the Great Hall, and McGonagall smiled at me and told me good luck on my sorting.
Oh, right, the sorting. Oh cheese.