
"Professor!" Harry said, skidding to a halt when Maylee ran smack into Dumbledore in the corridor. She waved her arms and almost fell onto her bum, but Harry caught her, then began speed taking again. "Professor, Domino accidentally changed into a fox at breakfast and Maylee screamed and everyone saw her as a fox and freaked out but she can't get back to normal!" Harry said, in a more concerned/fearful tone than I've ever heard him talk. Technically, I've known him for almost five days. That's enough to know when he's concerned, I think.
Dumbledore laughed and reached forward to scoop me up from Harry's arms, but Harry seemed almost defensive and stepped back a little, almost unnoticeable, but handed me to Dumbledore. Apparently he noticed. "Mr. Potter, you wouldn't mind carrying Miss Domino while I get to my office, would you?"
Harry happily took me back from Dumbledore. "No, sir."
Maylee quirkier her eyebrows at me, tucked in Harry's arms. I hissed at her.
Dumbledore murmured a password when we arrived at two stone gargoyles leading up to his office, and a light-filled staircase rose. Dumbledore walked up, followed by Maylee and Harry, into his office. Harry set me down on Dumbledore's desk, which I dashed around super fast a ton of times before Maylee was able to snag me out of the air and set me down on her lap. I started breathing funny and mentally sang my calming song to me.
"Miss Domino, I think we have the potion for you. Mr. Potter and Ms. Black, you may return to your classes." Dumbledore said. "Thank you for bringing Domino here, she would send her best regards if she was not in the form of a fox at the moment."
"Your welcome, sir." Maylee said, patting my head and placing me on Dumbledore's desk, which I began to run around again really fast. Harry mumbled a thank you and followed May out of the room and back down the staircase. Dumbledore went to find a potion in an old cabinet while I continued to sprint around the desk. Oh gads, I'm going on be a fox forever, I'm going to be a fox forever!
"Drink this, Domino." He said, but had to catch me when my legs didn't stop running around the desk. I stopped, without even panting, and lapped up the entire potion. "Very good. The effects should be immediate." Dumbledore smiled. "You may go back with your friends, now, as well. I wish you the best of luck on your first day."
I nodded my head, and felt my body pop back into the proper size and form. I gasped. "Oh, thank the holy cheese. Thanks so much, sir, I thought I was going to be a fox forever."
"Your welcome." He said. I walked out of his room, back down the stone gargoyles, and made my way to the first classroom.
I've had experiences with Snape before. He's had experiences with me. Like the time I was commentating for a quidditch match when I was nine and I accidentally slapped him. Ha ha, good times...
But I've never had him as a teacher. Well, I think he already hates me. And being late to his class, the first class I've ever had at Hogwarts, will totally move me up on his favorites list...
Or his death list.