
"Ah, Mr. Potter, come in, come in." Ollivander smiled. "And Miss M as well?" He asked.
People call me Miss M when they need to be fancy or something. A lot of people, when on duty, don't want to refer to me by my nickname when something serious is happening. Miss M stands for Ministry, which I do, in fact, work for.
"I don't need a new wand." I said. "Harry needs one, though." I said.
"I see. Well Mr. Potter, step up. Miss M, if you would like, you can take a seat to your right." He said, I turned around and sat down in the chair, doing a silent hex to make it float. I miss the floating chair. I mostly tuned out of Ollivander and Harry's conversation, mostly because I wasn't that interested. I only freaked out when Harry sent a flower pot crashing across the room.
"Protego!" I yelled, making the object fall onto the ground and shatter. "Oculus Reparo." I mumbled, and the plant flew back to its original state. I silently flew the pot across the room again and back into its spot. Harry smiled as I did it.
Harry finally got his wand. I don't remember what kind it was, I was communicating (trying to, I may add) with Hagrid through the window by making faces at him while he tried to conjugate what I was saying. I was giggling silently to myself when my hair lifted up from my shoulders. To be honest, my hair isn't that long. It's short and somewhat wavy. And brown. Blelch, boring brown hair for Domino. At lest my name strikes a conversation.
Anyway, back to the lifting of hair. Reddish light swirled around the room, and wind blew around Harry's face, lifting up his bangs so the scar was visible. I smiled, shot up from the seat, and clapped my hands.
"HARRY POTTER'S GOT A WAAAAAND!"
"Shut up." Harry smiled. With some last words about the wands, Harry and I left the shop. Hagrid had surprised Harry with an owl which he named Headwig.
Then I saw it. Along the way. The most gorgeous broom I have ever seen, the Nimbus 2000. I ran over and pressed my face against the window.
"Holy crap! It's inches in front of me!" I sang, wanting so badly to reach through the glass and grab ahold of the broom.
"What is that?" Harry asked. "Is that a broom?"
"For quidditch, the most amazing sport ever." I said, tapping on the glass. "I'll explain later. But holy cheese, that broom is amazing!"
Harry looked at me oddly. "Do you play?"
"Play what?" I asked, un-sticking myself from the glass.
"Quidditch, silly."
"No, I don't. But when the school year comes, I commentate on Hogwart's games. Like, call the plays and stuff and describe what's going on. I have horrible balance, like, no central gravity." I explained.
"Ha!" Harry laughed. "Is that why they call you Domino?"
"Maybe." I shrugged. "Who knows?"