
"RON!" I screamed, running over to the familiar ginger that I've known my entire life. He tackled me and yelled, "DOMZ!"
"Oh, Domi, it's wonderful to finally see you." Mrs. Weasley said, trapping me in a tight hug. I gave Ginny and Percy a hug too, then the twins.
"Harry, these are the Weasleys. That's Ginny, Ron, Fred, George, Percy, and Mrs. Weasley." I said, counting the kids. "Guys, this is Harry, Harry Potter." I introduced him because he didn't seem like the type to be that quirky in front of strangers.
"Hello." He managed to say.
"The Harry Potter?" Fred asked.
"No way!" George chirped.
"Do you have the scar?" They said together, believe me, that takes a ton of getting use to. They blabbered on about how famous Harry was, and nobody ever shut up until I pulled Ron and Harry aside to get away from the rest of them. The two appeared to be getting along well, which was good. I couldn't have the boy-who-lived trying to murder one of my best friends. He's already up against Voldemort, right? Who else does he need to kill?
Anyway, Ron and I do the job of explaining quidditch to a very confused Harry as we run trough the barrier together and say goodbye to Mrs. Weasley. Hagrid already left, I made sure to thank him for not capsizing our boat from before and staying with us along the way. We board the train and sit down in an empty compartment. The train starts moving, and sooner or later, we're sitting with the biggest candy pile in all of history.
To be honest, I'm not much of an eater. I eat about half of the portion an average kid would, maybe about a fourth of Ron's diet. But I'm not super skinny or anything, maybe because I'm cursed with undying LDD, or Lazy Deficit Disorder. Oh, and I run. I love running more than I like apparating (the ministry granted me that power two years ago, which is awesome). I run for fun a lot of the time.
"Guys, hold on. I want to get something from my suitcase." I said and stood up from their food-fest. What I really needed was fresh air. I get motion sickness a lot.
"Okay, have fun." Ron said. His mouth is so full of candy, I swear that he looks like a chipmunk. I rolled my eyes and opened the compartment door, smiling.
I'm actually going to Hogwarts.