
I couldn't believe what I found. It wasn't like I made a scientific discovery of any sort, but it was still shocking. I didn't know Emil was like this. He brought me over to his house today, and while he was gone talking to his brother for a second, I found something under his bed. It was small, yet packed, with many different pieces of paper. I didn't bother to read any of them since there were too many to choose from. It seemed to be a shoe box, an old one. On the side it was written "My little box of lies" in a child's hand writing. Probably Emil's. This was filled over the brim with all of Emil's lies? Maybe I should read at least one. And I did.
It was a mistake.
I never should have read any of it, and for it to be that secret or lie out of them all, it had to be about me. I wasn't mad at Emil for what his lie is about. But what I am mad at him for is for him not being involved in our relationship. Wait, wait, wait. I can't say that... Emil is such a sweet guy, and... he might not love me, but he does care for me, and he never cared more for this relationship than he could have. I can't be mad at him for anything. But it's still disappointing to know this... I wonder if anyone else knows. It is a pretty big thing to keep secret though. Should I tell anyone. No, not without his permission. Should I tell him is the real question... No. I think I should tell him another time, not when he's feeling bad after a hard test and the dance at school coming so soon. I'll tell him after the dance is done, but not right away, it'll be too hard on him.
I'm still not sure if I should go read some more stuff, even if it would be wrong, or if I should tell anyone. It's such a big thing to hold in that I can't not tell someone. But I need to think this through. It has to be someone close to him, but not that close to him, yet still close enough to never tell anyone. I honestly want people to know, but I don't want it to become Emil's nightmare when he is awake and not asleep. I truly care about Emil. I can't really say I love him because we've only been dating for two months now, and well, it's high school. I have a lot of my life to figure things like this out in the future.
I also wonder how I'm going to be able to keep it secret for this long. Sure the dance is in six days, being on Friday and today Sunday, but it feels so far away. Especially since I'm not a good actress. He's bound to find out before then. Let's just hope for the best.
I need to think of a list of people I can trust telling if I can't make it by Friday. Okay, so, Emil has this friend named Lili. She seems nice and peaceful, but I have to get to know her. Who else? Maybe his brother Lukas? No... He has to do that himself. I can't go blabbering to him. But still, it's going to be difficult to keep this in. My only back up plan is to get to know Lili a little more, tell her if it is completely necessary and then tell Emil.
As I kept thinking about this, I heard Emil's footsteps coming up the stairs to his room. I put the shoe box back under his bed like I found it and waited for him to open the door of his room. He came in with his small mysterious smile that he knows I love and started talking to me about his day, just like I did soon after. It was very relaxing.
"Emil?"
"Yes?"
"Can you promise me something?"
He didn't hesitate as long as his thoughts would make him take. He simply nodded, a serious yet concerned looked on his face.
"Promise me that, even if we break up or have a fight or one of us moves away, that we can still be friends afterwards?"
He thought about it, probably the main reason I started crushing on him, for his thinking. He always was so truthful, at least most of the time, and always said the best things, if they were good or bad, they were the best for everyone. He grabbed my hand and squeezed it hard. I looked him in the eyes and he simply nodded his head in a silent way. I knew that Emil was probably the most perfect person in the entire world. Never wanting to lie, and feels so guilty that he writes it down. I was happy I could meet someone like that. I was happy I could love, even for a short amount of time, someone like Emil.