
I skidded down the banister of the stairwell to the common room, Maylee falling over me when I stopped at the bottom.
"Hey, what gives?" She said, clutching her head.
"Oops. Sorry." I said, jumping off of the railing and spreading my arms out. Ta-da, I'm Thing One! Maylee is Thing Two. Hermione's a scarecrow, Harry's a vampire (fake teeth and all, but he spit them out almost immediately), and Ron's a pirate. My hair was in a bun and spray-painted red, and I was wearing a red shirt that had a white circle with number 1 in the middle. Maylee's was two. She was persist and on having number 2, she claimed it was her lucky number. I didn't argue.
We walked down to the Great Hall where everyone else was in costume. Dumbledore was dressed up like a wizard as muggles would claim they looked like: purple hat with stars, long purple cloak, and a wand with a star atop it. He looked silly, it was a blast!
That is, until Ron told Hermione that she needed to get more in the Halloween spirit because she wasn't having fun at the party. I could tell why, her costume must've been super itchy. She fired back that she wasn't having fun because he kept making rude remarks, and she even dressed up for the occasion. Ron told her something else I couldn't hear, then she put her cup down and ran out of the Great Hall.
"Ron!" Maylee said, waving her arms. "You've made her mad!"
"I'm sorry!" Ron said, sticking his hands up. "I didn't know what I said was offensive!"
"Well what did you say, mate?" Harry asked him.
"I said that her hair was going all over the green earth, is that offensive?"
"Are you positive that's all you said?" I asked. Ron's ears turned red.
"I might've mumbled that she should suck on a pixie stick..."
Maylee started laughing, which made Harry laugh too. I shut both of them up. "Oh cheese, guys, Mione's probably crying her eyes out in the girl's bathroom." I groaned.
"How do you know she isn't in the common room?"
"She always goes to the bathroom when she's upset." I said.
"To release her anger through her butt?" Ron snickered. Harry went into hysterics, and Maylee giggled but went back to the point.
"Seriously, guys, she'd sit there all night if we didn't come rescue he--"
Suddenly, a booming echo of wood slamming against wood bounced off the walls of the Great Hall. Quirrel came running through, breathing heavy and screaming at the top of his lungs, "TROLL! TROLL, IN THE DUNGEON!" He looked around, frightened, at the silent hall before him before he said, "Thought you'd ought to know." And passing out.
That set everyone off. Screaming and worried faces came from everyone.
"Uh, May, where's the girl's bathroom?" Harry asked. Maylee turned as pale as a ghost, along with the rest of us.
"In... The... Dungeon..."
I started sprinting first, yelling "MIONE! WE'RE COMING TO SAVE YOU!"
"AND APOLOGIZE!" Ron added. "To myself..." He mumbled afterwards, but I knew he didn't mean it.