
It was really funny watching Harry's amazed expression when the bricks filed away and opened up the gateway to Diagon Alley. Before, he may have been a little freaked out in the tavern and when I changed into a bunny on him (he screamed, it was hilarious), but I think the silly expression he was wearing made up for all of the heart-attacks he had. As we passed each of the shops, I received more and more hellos, especially from the wizards and witches that I communicated with over the last years of my life.
"Domino, how are you? My, you have grown so tall!"
"Lovely Miss Domino! How great it is to see you!"
"Oi, Domino, we've missed you here!"
"Ready for Hogwarts, are you, Miss Domino?"
Harry looked at me. "A lot of people know you." He said.
"Yeah, I work for the Ministry of Magic. I run errands for the Wizards and witches that can't get out to communicate because they live in muggle communities." I explained, although I was probably making no sense to him. He shrugged.
"Anyway, what's your real name?" He asked.
"I think you already asked that."
"But what is it?"
"I don't know, to be honest. I've always been called Domino after the muggle game." I shrugged. Harry nodded. I went on explaining how magic worked to him, even using my wand as a demonstration. We arrived at Gringotts and went into the mine cart down to Harry's vault. I showed him how to lean just outside of the cart to splash water on someone (Oh, and I'm not afraid of water like this. Only oceans, rivers, lakes, streams, and ponds. It's more of a fear of deep water or water I can't see through). By the time we got out of the cart, Harry and I were drenched. Hagrid laughed at us. It was cold in the dungeon now that we were wet, but even colder inside Harry's vault that was...
Filled with a ton of gold?!
"Crap!" I said, when the goblin opened the heavy door. "You're rich!"
Harry looked down at the mountains of gold before him as well. "I didn't know..." He picked up a galleon.
"How can you not know you're rich?" I asked, running my fingers over the coins. "You could buy Hogwarts!"
"No yeh couldn't, stop messing with him, Dom." Hagrid said. "Well, maybe. Just don't buy Hogwarts, alright?"
Harry laughed. "I wouldn't know what to do with a school if I had one, anyway."
I told him that he should convert it into a dragon-riding facility, and he asked if dragons really existed. The goblin we rode with snickered.
Harry put a bunch of coins into a bag, and we got back into the mine cart.
Hagrid needed one last stop, though. He picked up a small bag, then looked at me and put a finger over his lips.
Granted, I probably do know what's in that bag, the ministry just has so much other stuff that could fit inside of it, it could be anything. I blinked at him, then nodded like I knew.
I really didn't know.