
I looked up at the girl in front of me, toad in hand. She helped me up. "Oh, your welcome. I'm so glad to help, even though I didn't really know I was helping all that much..."
"No, no, you did excellent. I'm Hermione, Hermione Granger. Nice to meet you."
"I don't think I've ever seen you around before. My name's Domino, and I work for the ministry. Like, going between wizard houses and stuff. I don't recognize you, though."
"Oh." Her cheeks turned a little red. "Well, Er, my parents are sort of muggles..."
I immediately regret what I said. "Oh cheese, I'm so sorry. I didn't realize." I blurted out.
"No, no, it's okay. Is Domino your birth name?"
"I don't know my birth name. I'm called Domino by Fudge and stuff. I don't know, he gave it to me."
"Interesting. Well, you had better change into your robes. The sun is setting, which means we'll arrive at Hogwarts in a short while." She said.
"Oh. Okay, I will. Thanks for the notice." I said. "I hope to see you around, Hermione."
"You too." She said, beaming and taking the road from my hand, skipping away in a burst of messy brown hair. First I changed into my robes, doing as Hermione had told. I made my way back to the cabin and sat down, realizing that most of the wizard candy was gone. Ron was rubbing furiously at his nose.
"What's the matter?" I asked him, raising an eyebrow.
"A little bit walked in here asking for a toad, told us to change into our robes, then said that I had dirt on my nose." Ron said. I think I know who he's talking about.
"Hermione? Come on, she's not a git." I said.
"Is it gone?" Was my answer, as Ron stuck his ginger head into my face.
"Relax, Ron." I said, pushing him back.
"Guys, look at that." Harry said, his face was pressed up against the window, and he was staring at the huge castle on the center of a large rock overlooking a...
Lake. Oh gads. A lake? How do we get there? Oh, I've always used the long way when I was commentating for quidditch, and someone told me before that the first years have to use the boats and... I'm going to die! I can't make a fool of myself in front of all of these kids who don't know I'm afraid of water!
Ron and Harry left to change their robes, and then came back. I was curled up into a ball on the seat and on the brink of crying.
"Oh Merlin, Domz, what's wrong?" Ron asked, sitting down next to me. Even Harry looked concerned, but then his face shifted from concern to realization back to even more concerned.
"She's afraid of water." Harry said. Ron blinked.
"Right, that's why you never went in the lake with us back home?" Ron asked.
"Yup." I said, breathing and putting my head down in my lap.
"Is there a way to calm you down?" Harry asked, putting an arm around me. My face went bright scarlet.
"A song..."