
"--And the potions with the Slytherins is second period, then we have a break, and then it's History of Magic and Defense Against the Dark Arts." Hermione read Maylee's schedule to her, and May was barely paying any attention. She and Ron were having an intense stare-off, and Ron kept cheating and spitting water into the air, making Maylee laugh her butt off. Harry was rambling about something I really wasn't paying attention to.
Clang, there goes my fork. It's on the ground. Ew, I'm not eating with that now. I wonder how many people have stepped on that floor. Gads. Maybe if I switch into a fox, I won't have to crouch below.
That's exactly what I did. I slinked down and turned into the snowy white fox under the bench while Harry wasn't paying attention, picked he fork up put it between my teeth. I know, gross, I was just talking about that, but how else do I carry it? With my little fox paws I need for climbing the seat again? Nope.
I hopped back up and spit the fork out on my plate so the others wouldn't notice, then changed back.
Wait, scratch that, why am I not changing back? I forced all of my willpower to change. "Crap..." I mumbled, but it instead came out as a weird, barking noise. Maylee looked down to her left at me and screamed so loud, China would've heard it. Harry picked up my tail and held me in the air. Mistake. Everyone was looking at Maylee when she screamed (either wondering why she screamed or how she arrived at Hogwarts cause she wasn't at the sorting), and their attention focused to Harry Potter holding the white fox that was staying completely still in his hands. The room went silent, then erupted into total chaos.
"A fox! Who let a fox in?"
"Why that thing in here!"
"I hate foxes, they scare me!"
I kicked out of Harry's hands and landed on the table. "Domino!" Harry said. "What's wrong?"
"That's Domino?" Maylee asked, pointing at me. I tried to say yes, but all that came out was a weird fox bark thing that sounded like I was dying, the same sound as before.
"Are you alright?" Harry asked, picking me up again. I furiously shook my fox head.
"No? Why not? Change back and tell us!" Ron said.
"Domino, please." Hermione begged. I shook my head. "Why can't you change back?" She asked.
"Are you sure your alright?" Maylee asked, placing a hand on my head. I nuzzled my head against her hand.
Hermione gasped. "I get it! She won't change back because she can't!"
"Oh, gads, what do we do with a fox? What if you stay like that forever?" He said. "I already have Scabbers!"
I began to cry, but it came out as a screaming noise with a bunch of whimpers.
"Dumbledore!" Harry said, standing up. "I'm taking her to Dumbledore!"
"The headminister?" Maylee asked. "I'm coming with."
"You two go, Hermione and I will calm everyone down." Ron said. Hermione looked at me with her eyes pleading and sending me the message that she was super concerned.
"It's okay, Dom, you're not gonna be a fox forever." Maylee said, running with Harry. He was holding onto me with both of his hands. Boy, was I scared...