
The wind howled, I jumped on the counter looking out the window. I viewed the storm and jumped as lighting struck. I'm a completely white cat with one blue eye and one grey eye, my name is Snowy. I heard a loud noise coming from outside. I jumped down from the counter and looked out the backdoor window, I saw a kitten in trouble. I ran outside through the flap in the door and rushed to him. Carfully making my way to the injured kitten, I grabed his scruff and carried him inside. He slowly gained consiousness.
"Are you all right?" I asked him worried.
"Who are you?" He asked me while having half gained consiousness.
"I'm Snowy, and you?" The kitten giggled and I patiently waited for him to answer back.
"I'm Snowkit." He was a white little kit with blue eyes.
"Where you from?" I asked interested.
"The forest." He told me that he need to get back home. He was about to tell me more but he past out. I looked out the window, the forest seemed dark, and a bit frightning. The storm whent on for a few days, Snowkit woke up and felt much better.
"Snowy, can ask you a favor?" I looked at him.
"What is it?" He look at me.
"Will you help me find my home?" I looked at the forest, then back to him, and I nodded my head.
The sky was clear now, Snowkit was healed. I wondered what we would face in the forest, Snowkit whent straight on. I stopped as a voice yelled out to me.
"Hey! If you see a cat named Rusty tell him his friend Smudge said hi, I wish you luck!" I looked back, he seemed worried. I turned and headed for the forest.
It was dark, Snowkit kept looking up, as if he was affraid something would swoop down and grab him. I looked at him, he seemed scared. I looked up at the trees.
"Does this look anything like your home?" He shook his head, I kept on going forward, "Try finding the scent of your home." He sniffed around a bit trying to get a scent.
"Wait, this scent is of my home! This way!" I followed Snowkit, we eventually got to a clearing where there was a spot that would be a perfect place for a group of cats to hide out.
"Is this your home Snowkit?" He looked up.
"Yes it is!" Everything stopped, Snowkit stood there like a statue.
"Snowkit?" I heard something from the bushes, it was a black she-cat with white flecks raining down her pelt, and she had bright green eyes. She didn't seem to notice me, I walked on forward.
"Stelthheart!" Someone from the camp called her name, nobody noticed as I walked around the large camp surrounded by thorn bushes, then looked inside. I was shocked at what I saw, it saw me sitting next to Stelthheart. Snowkit nuged me and I almost jumped out of my skin, everything I had just seen was gone, I was back walking towards the camp, wondering what awaits inside.
