
June 21, 2k15 3:45 p.m.
"Don't be a wiener, Shawn!" Audrey yelled, as we both skated through the town center. "Man up boy!" I pitched in, enjoying the little moment we were having.
"Wait up guys!" he said running with his long board in his arms. "We'll meet you on the other side!" I responded, with a little laughter.
I smiled and looked ahead. My smile quickly faded when I made contact with the Town parade. "Oh shit. Oh shit. Lace slow down!" I panicked pressing my feet against the cement, trying to stop the both of us from crashing.
Audrey hopped off and bursted into laughter as I was thrown into the bushes. She ran towards me, and lend me her hand. "You could've told me you were going to jump off, you bitch" I playfully punched her arm, as she helped me up.
"Won't happen again" she stuck her bottom lip out, as she fixed my hair.
I flicked the leaves off my shorts and kneeled down to tie my shoes. A tall figure stood in front of me, I looked up to Shawn who was laughing his butt off.
"Shut up you whore" I joked and continued on tying my shoes. He reached for my hand and smiled.
I grabbed his hand as he pulled me up. "I was gonna get smoothies for you two, but nevermind" he chuckled walking besides me.
"well we can get some now!" Audrey rushed and ran to Jamba Juice.
I snatched my long board from the floor and followed Audrey. We placed our selves at the end of the line and waited.
"what do you want?" I questioned Shawn, who was resting on the table.
"Get me whatever" he replied.
After we ordered, we stood aside waiting for our names to be called.
"So where do you wanna go after?" Audrey questioned tucking her a piece of her long brown hair on her ear. "Let's just hang at my place" I suggested.
"Lacey and Audrey!"
I turned around knowing our names were called. I handed Audrey her smoothie and called Shawn over.
We all exit out of Jamba Juice and made our way out of the Town Center.
I threw my long board onto the concrete and began skating. Shawn and Audrey did the same. We skated through the parking lot and was yelled by a couple of elderly people.
"Stop bothering the elderlies" Shawn and I scolded Audrey. "They'll hit you with their kane if you don't shut up" I laughed. "Fine fine, dammit" she mumbled.
Couple minutes went by, and I was ahead of Shawn and Audrey. We were about 5 minutes away from my place. I was lost in my own thoughts, almost got chased by a little Rottweiler because of it.
Before you know it.. we reached the driveway. I hopped off my board and insert the pass code to the garage. I looked behind me and spotted Shawn and Audrey coming up.
----
This should show you how their friendship is or how they are around each other. Goofy is how I would describe it.
So yes, Shawn will be in the fan fic. He is going to be one of Lacey Carson's best-friend, along with Audrey Quinn.
Little of their back story, they've been best friends since grade school. Shawn's had a little crush on Lacey for quite a long time, but Audrey has a crush on Shawn.
Love triangle basically
And don't worry Matt will be coming in a few chapters. (;
My Instagram is awkwardallas if you wanna stalk me or something hahaha
Hope you will like this re written fan fic, because the first one was a bit sloppy ://
So I'm starting fresh
Don't forget to comment and vote if you liked it ((:- R