
(Crazy-pants Teddy Duchamp up top)
Please vote, you don't know how much it's appreciated.
Boys and dirty talk...tsk tsk.
* * * * * *
A comfortable wave of silence washed over us as we stared out behind the fence.
"Hey Vern," Gordie smirked, breaking the silence. "Look's like your ma's been out drivin' again."
Tessio scowled. "Oh, that's so funny I forgot to laugh."
I just shook my head, unimpressed.
"Stand back men!" Teddy cried out, taking a few steps back as he threw his bedroll over the fence. "Pkooooooow!" He voiced and right before he climbed over the fence, he glanced at us. "Paratroops! Over the side!" This of course was said with wild arrogance and maybe even a bit of stupidity. He ran towards the water well, shouting out random army orders and mimicking gun firing sounds.
We copied, climbing over the fence after him.
"Teddy's crazy." I heard Lachance mutter before going over to help pump out water. Chris and Gordie raced down the path, and all was silent once more as we settled into the shade.
We took turns for awhile throwing rocks into an empty can found lying around the yard. After a moment, Teddy asked, "Hey, you guys been watching the 'Mickey Mouse Club' lately?" I really had no idea where he was going with this, but it was interesting so far.
"Yeah why?" I asked, unprepared for the answer.
Teddy smirked cheekily. "I think Annette's tits are getting bigger."
My jaw fell loose. "What the fu-"
"Think so?" my lovable brother cut off.
"Yeah I think so too," Gordie added.
That was enough for me to plug my ears and mutter under my breath, "La la la la..." but cuffed Gordie's shoulder when he made some kind of boob grabbing gesture. "Thanks, boys, much appreciated" I hissed, the sardonic tone was heavy in my voice, and I stood up to hide behind a pile of junk just some feet away, hoping to block out their voices. Men are immature. I thought. Yet I'm probably not much better. It was times like these when my emotions would get a bit...hectic...and my stomach would twist into knots. From frustration or pleasure, I wasn't sure. I sat on the ground, eyes narrowed.
A shadow fell across my own minutes later, and I looked up to find boob grabber standing before me. "What is it Lachance?" I snapped. He flinched, surprised by my tone, eyes wary, like he was looking at a volcano that could explode in any minute. Not wanting to scare him, I released the tension in my face, tucked my ebony hair behind my ears, and blew out a breath, hoping to appear calm. "What is it?" I repeated, sighing.
"Uh." Gordie hesitated, rubbing the back of his neck, surprised by my quick change of attitude. "We flipped coins, I lost," he explained, "gotta go to Quidacioluos..." Drifting off he then added, "Wanna come?" Then he just stood there, hands by his sides, rocking back and forth on the balls of his feet.
Raising a delicate eyebrow, I inquired teasingly, "You seriously expect me to go with you after that?" I said, pointing back in his friends direction.
"Well, no but, I thought..." Trailing off once again, Gordie shrugged. "Nevermind," and walked passed me, looking at his feet, feeling warm and agitated.
Feeling guilty, I stood up, brushing the dirt of my jeans. "Hey Lachance," I watched as he pivoted around, pausing. "I was kidding," and jogged up next to him.