
We quietly escaped the junkyard and walked along the road, swerving to the side as few cars passed. The silence filled with so much tension, you could cut it with a knife. Just so I wouldn't go crazy and run back to the junkyard, I blurted out, "How're things at home?" My mouth snapped shut. Stupid, stupid, stupid!
To my relief though, he didn't seem to mind, possibly glad the tension was gone. "Still invisible," he shrugged nonchalantly. "My father's not impressed as always, and my mom won't talk to me." He turned, eyeing me curiously, and I felt my skin grow warm under his gaze.
"Well," I muttered, trying hard not to look his direction, which was quite difficult with him standing right there next to me...right there...our arms brushing once or twice. The knots in my stomach tightened. "My father almost slapped Chris," I heard him suck in a breath. "But he didn't," I added quickly, "if it wasn't for my mother interrupting the physical struggle, he would've."
"Physical struggle?"
"Yeah we told him about camping out in Vern's backyard...he didn't take it so good."
"Oh, I'm sorry."
"It's fine."
Quickening our pace, we rounded a corner, Quidacioluos right up ahead. "I'll stay out here," I said as we stood under the little shade and cover the building offered.
"Ya sure?" Gordie asked.
"Yeah."
"'Kay." And he went inside, leaving me to stand awkwardly in the heat.
I thought about home, how Mom and Dad were doing, including the other kid's parents. But for some reason, my mind grew bored at the topic of concerned parents and turned to Gordie.
A small smile.
It had been awhile ever since I saw the kid in a whole new light. The moment, was unforgettable. He, Chris, and I had walked down to a small park near our house. It had a small fountain that created a small pool that surrounded your feet, small play structure, and a small sing set. Hell even the three of us kids were quite small, about the age of eight.
Since it had been another hot summer day, we were splashing around the small pool area, wrestling around and soaked through our skin, not having a care. When suddenly Lachance cried out. The boy stood, wobbling over to the edge of the small pool and sat upon the concrete edge, cradling his foot. Now you know girls, when someone we're friends with gets hurt in any kind of way, physical or emotional, some mother instinct kicks in and we have to make sure our friend's alright...right? So when Gordie got hurt, I splashed over, settling by his side, shivering from the now cool breeze brushing our skin.
As I checked his foot, which had scraped the bottom of the pool, I found myself enjoying the sensation of my fingertips sweeping his skin. And I looked up at the rest of him: his shirt was soaked, hugging his lean form, hair wet and sticking to his forehead, water droplets dripping off his face as the sun shone directly on us, it's rays slightly warm. I didn't feel anything sexual back then, since we were just small immature kids. But love and care started to pool inside my chest and stomach, and as his worried gaze mirrored mine, his light chocolate eyes were so warm, I found myself drowning in there depths.
The door to Quidacioluo's suddenly opened with a jingle, and I jerked out from my thoughts as twelve going on thirteen Gordie stepped out.
One look at his face and I knew something was up.
"You okay?" I asked as we trudged out onto the road.
Lachance tipped his head to the side, eyes far away, a bit glassy. "The man beside the register..." veering to the side of the road, he said, "talked about Denny."