
(Pic of witty Theresa Chambers up top).
Don't forget to vote if you enjoyed the chapter!
* * * * * *
"GOD DAMMIT!"
Ignoring my father's slurred cry, I jumped out the window, falling about twenty feet before landing hard on my side. Christopher, my twin brother was running up ahead of me screaming to get a move on. That's right, you guessed it; Chris and I hid Dad's stash of alcohol the night before and the consequences were about to dump all over our heads if we didn't start moving.
I hauled my ass off the dry summer grass and ran, my toes millimeters away from nipping at Chris's heels. It was in that moment I was thankful for wearing a button-down shirt tucked into a pair of my brother's jeans, instead of those long obnoxious dresses girls wore. We ran through and out of town, dodging ole' Ace and his gang before skidding to a halt up on a hill. The hill was covered in dried up grass and bushes, looking out over Castle Rock. Looming over our heads was a tree with a thick trunk, it's branches thick enough to hold a tree house.
Our tree house.
I climbed up the wooden latter and reached up, knocking my knuckles against the latch just above me. Knock-knock-knock-knock. Knock-knock. Knock-knock-knock. A fervent shuffling sound could be heard before the latch opened up. A head with thick, black rimmed glasses and chin poked out. "Hey'a Tess. Chris." Teddy Duchamp cried gleefully, and hauled us up. Teddy was crazy, had a laugh that sounded like a baby hyena, and always acted recklessly. His father was mentally unstable, would throw into random acts of rage before calming down again. Once he even held Teddy's ear to a stove, almost burning it off. The scars were still there, his left ear thinner than his right. He was practically blind, (a bit of an exaggeration), half deaf even.
Once everyone was settled, a tiny table was set upon the now closed latch. Chris took out a deck of cards that had been rolled up in his white t-shirt sleeve and dealt them out for the game 31. We argued over who was going to go first before the secret knock was heard under our asses.
Lifting up the card table, I pulled the latch open, peering down at the face of Gordon Lachance. A smile I couldn't conceal spread across my lips. "Get your ass up here, Gordie." I smirked and pulled him up. "Come on, deal him in," I said, grabbing some cards and handing them over to our newcomer.
Gordie was lean, had dark brunette hair, which looked light in the sun and was always combed neatly to the side. He was intelligent, loved to write, and just lost his brother about four months ago. I felt bad for him, real bad, not because his famous football star of a brother passed away, but because his parents were shit. They didn't care one bit about him, they didn't even pay attention when he spoke to them, especially his father. He said all his father did these days was compare him to Denny.
I guess the only escape Gordie had was us.
"Hey," Chris said, bumping me out from my thoughts. "How do you know if a Frenchman's been in your backyard?"
Teddy scowled, a cigarette between his teeth. "Hey I'm French, okay?" he said, pulling at the collar of is loose dark green t-shirt, before going back to his cards.
But my dear twin just ignored his friend's protest. "You're garbage cans are empty and your dog's pregnant." I snorted, flicking a piece of dirt at his head. To my annoyance, he ducked, laughing with Gordie.
Teddy wasn't so amused. "Didn't I just say I was French?" he demanded a little louder.
"I knock." Chris smirked.
"Shit."
"Twenty-nine." Chris drawled.