
Climbing up onto the bank, I looked back at the boys. All three of them besides Gordie, who watched on silently, were trying to dunk each other, letting loose. I realized it was their way of letting go all the stress that had been built up, and boy were they having fun. I reached up to scratch my arm awkwardly, and my fingers came across something slimy. Wait slimy?! Looking down, I noticed something slug like on my arm. My eyes widened, and opened my mouth, letting out a silent scream. LEECH!
Forgetting about the others, I threw my bedroll to the side and ran behind a tree to strip off my clothes, leaving on my undergarments as I frantically slapped off every single leech I could find. With each leech I found sucking my blood, my panic grew, heart beating fast.
Once I was positive all those filthy, ugly, slimy, disgusting blood suckers were off my skin, I quickly dressed, not bothering to tuck in my red button down shirt like it was before and somewhat wrestled my fingers through all the knots in my hair. It was at this moment where I remembered the rest of my little crew and ran back down to the stream only to realize; they too had all stripped down and were now, like I was before, slapping leeches off their bodies.
Now for some deranged reason, I found this scene to be particularly funny, and started laughing. "Shocker right?" I yelled as I maneuvered closer to them along the bank.
My brother whirled around, his eyes wide. "Tess, what the hell?!" he shrieked, "don't look!"
I laughed some more, but respectfully turned around the other way, giving them privacy. It's not like I haven't seen anything before, we were all best friends since I could remember, but I knew at that age, things started to change. It wasn't long until their cries of terror quieted down, and I turned around - only to see they had not put their clothes on, but instead were staring at Gordie, who stood a bit off to the side, looking down at his groin then back up to his friends.
My smile disappeared.
The expression he wore was indescribable, yet the only words I could come up with were shock and desperation. "Oh shit Chris, oh shit man..." Gordie muttered, looking close to tears.
Looking down to avoid witnessing what came next, I held my breath, not daring to make a sound.
Whump.
The sound was too familiar, for I've heard it many times when my father passed out.
Jogging over, I joined the rest of the boys who were hovering over an unconscious Gordie. While hovering, I noticed his hand had blood on it. "He actually..." I asked, slightly choking in disgust. Looking at Chris, who just twisted his mouth into what seemed to be a grimace, didn't respond.
"Gordie man, are you okay?" My brother asked, waving his hand in front of boy's face, "Can you hear me? Gordie are you there?" But he didn't respond.
"Maybe he's dead," Vern muttered. I rolled my eyes at him, the kid was clueless.
Teddy scoffed. "He's not dead, he's still breathing you idiot!"
"God," Vern spoke in awe. "I've never met anybody who fainted before."
Shooting another glance his way, Teddy sneered. "Maybe he made a bad mistake and looked at your face."
"Shut up, Teddy," Chris snapped.
I huffed impatiently. "All arguing is not helping one bit," I drawled lazily. Then looking back down at the unconscious boy, I leaned down closer to his ear and whispered, "Gordon? You awake?"
There was a pause. Then his eyelids fluttered.