
"Walkin' talkin' Jesus," he breathed out. "Where'd you get this?"
Chris opened his mouth, about to respond. But I beat him to it. "It's Dad's, a 45." I explained furiously and grabbed my idiot of a brother's shirt, pulling him close. "What was goin' on in that thick head of yours?" I hissed, shaking him a bit.
"Calm down sis," he said, though I didn't. "It's in case of a wild animal."
"What were you thinking?" I hissed again, ignoring his excuse. "Hawkin' from Dad, boy we're dead as a door nail and there is no excuse for - "
But Gordie cut me off. "Got any shells for this?" he asked, making shooting sounds, aiming at a garbage can.
My brother nodded, slipping out of my hold, leaving me fuming. "Yeah," he replied. "Took all that was left in the box."
I smacked a face palm. "Oh brother."
He just ignored my outburst, still watching Gordie. "My dad'll think he used it himself, shooting at beer cans while he was drunk."
No he won't...I mentally added, fear building up again. My father was stupid, not that stupid though. That was Vern, but he wasn't that bad. Clueless and good for a laugh though. But I bet that was because he lived with a decent family.
"Is it loaded?" Gordie asked again, cocking the gun.
Chris shook his head. "Hell no! What do ya think I am?"
BANG!
"JESUS!", and we ran.
Chris was laughing, running into a garbage can as he taunted, "Gordie did it! Gordie Lachance is shooting up Castle Rock!"
"Shut up! You want the whole town knowin'?" I shouted, breathless as we rounded a corner, coming to a walk.
But Chris kept on taunting. "Oh you should've seen your face. Damn that was cool." He did a small jump, pumping his fist. "Damn that was fine."
But Gordie would have none of it. "You knew it was loaded you wet end!" His voice rose an octave. "That Tupper babe saw me!"
"Shit Gordie." Chris objected, "she thought it was firecrackers."
"I don't care, that was a mean trick Chris - "
"Hey Gordie." Chris grabbed his arm, serious. My breath caught. "I didn't know it was loaded. Honest."
Lachance was still skeptical, scowling. "You swear?"
My brother nodded. "Yeah, I swear."
"On your mother's name? Even if she goes to hell - "
"Gordie." I interrupted, putting a hand on his shoulder, trying my best to sooth him, and myself. "He didn't know, I would've known if that was a trick. He tells me everything." Stroking my thumb over his shoulder I added, "I swear, he didn't know."
After a few seconds, he tore his gaze away from me, confirming one more time. "Pinky swear?"
Chris sighed, rolling his eyes, this was getting ridiculous. "Pinky swear," he echoed, crossing his heart and kissing his finger. It was one of those moments where he created peace. I knew that's all he hoped for in life, peace. Wish I could say the same, but it wasn't true. There were times where I thought leaving situations to themselves or toughing it out was best.
Glad that the tension was gone, I playfully reached up to snatch Gordie's cap, but he slapped my hand away. "Sorry," I quickly apologized, taken aback. We kept on walking as I wondered why the cap was so important.