
Then, chaos.
It was impossible to hear over the train as it whizzed by us, but somehow Chris and his stupid hero complexity managed to drag a violently struggling Teddy off the tracks before the train could hit him. They grasped, snatched, snarled, struggled and shouted at each other while the rest of us tried to pry them apart.
I couldn't exactly tell what my brother and Duchamp were yelling but as the train passed, the sentence I could make out from Chris's mouth was, "GOD DAMMIT! YOU'RE TRYING TO KILL YOURSELF!"
After that, it was as if the whole world was plunged into silence. No one dared to move. The two boys glared hard at each other, breathing slow and their heartbeat fast.
"I don't need no babysitter." Teddy muttered, eyes narrowed.
Chris jerked his head, slightly. "You do too," he muttered back, and suddenly the tenderness was back in his eyes, blinking, as he held out his hand. "Skin it."
But Teddy just shook his head. "I could've dodged it." Stubbornly, he turned, beginning to walk away.
My brother went after him, stopping the boy in his tracks. "Hey Teddy, you can dodge it on the way back man." He held out his hand again. "Peace. Skin it." His voice cracked at the end, yet it was soft.
Finally, Teddy took the gesture, and I let out a breath I didn't know I was holding.
We walked along in silence, my mind wandered to what I had just witnessed, contemplating it.
Out of the two boys who's life were in danger just some minutes ago, I realized a nagging in my brain said I was furious with my brother. It was strange, I never got mad at him, but seeing him just feet away from a moving train was definitely a trigger to something. I looked up, scowling at the back of Chris's head, wondering hopefully if he felt my penetrating gaze. My suspicions was confirmed as I noted his movements become jerky and stiff, as if he could read exactly what I was thinking.
"You okay?"
A voice jerked me from my thoughts, and I looked up to my side. Gordie's expression was impassive, but his tone held a tinge of concern. "Yeah," my response was curt. "I'm fine." The boy didn't seem convinced, but he thankfully let it drop.
We veered off to the side, the gravelly setting beneath our feet becoming more and more dusty and dirty. A fence loomed up ahead of us with two signs attached to it that read: CASTLE ROCK SALVAGE and NO TRESPASSING.