
"Nah-uh," he said in disgust, pushing me towards the hallway. "Not if he's drunk, which is forever." He pushed me again. "Come on," he begged, "Dad listens to you."
I sighed, it was true. Dad did listen to me more than Chris, he's always favored me over him. Which is something Chris had always been jealous about. "Fine," I began, "but if he lashes out, I'm runnin', ya dig?"
He nodded, bright green eyes stern. "Yeah."
Once I had silently padded down the staircase which entered the living room. I stopped, my breath hitched at the sight of Dad sitting in his old beat up chair, bottle in hand, drinking his life away. Swallowing my nerves, I maneuvered to his side, gently, carefully, hesitantly, placing a hand on his shoulder. "What is it?" his gruff voice growled.
To be honest, it took me a moment to find my voice. "Hi Daddy," I choked in my sweetest voice possible. "Can Chris and I camp out in Vern's backyard, then go over to the drag races tomorrow?"
At first he didn't respond, and I thought he hadn't even heard me. He'd get so drunk, sometimes his mind wasn't even present. "What?" he snapped, and my stomach jumped to my chest. "That it?" he asked again.
I smiled. "Yes Daddy. Please Daddy?" I pleaded, warily prying the bear bottle away from his hands, which he had been staring at for far too long. "Daddy?" I asked again.
The same as last time, I thought he had lost his mind.
Suddenly the bottle was grabbed from my hand and thrown across the room, it shattered. My father stood, breathing hard. Too stunned to move, I stood frozen as he leaned over to painfully grip my shoulders. His breath stunk of beer, dark eyes glassy. "And why should I let my girl hang out with a bunch of dicks," he hissed, spitting on my face, and I flinched, his overgrown fingernails digging through the fabric of my shirt. "You'd get ra - "
"Stop!" Chris sprinted down the stairs, almost running right into me as he reached out to pry Dad's hands off. "Let go of her, she's hurtin'!" He finally let me go, and I sagged in relief only to cringe away when Dad's fingers wound a tight grip around my brother's wrists.
Chris trembled as he leaned forward, noses almost touching. "Why don't you mind your own beeswax son?" he snarled, hand raised and my brother recoiled.
For a second, I thought he would get slapped, but just then the front door opened, revealing a woman I call "Mom". She was like an older female version of Chris, looks, personality, practically all of it. But the one thing she didn't have, was his tenderness.
She was never tender with us.
"What the hell is goin' on here?" she asked, her voice slightly slurred. After work, she and a couple of friends would drive over to a small bar nearby, and drink. She didn't drink as much as Dad, but still, drinking is drinking. Leaves your head defenseless, no kind of wall to guard your thoughts. Plus, just the idea of a women going out to drink was absurd. Yet again, my family was absurd.
At the sound of her voice, Dad immediately let go of Chris's wrists, standing as straight as possible. "Our kids," he growled, violently pointing our way with a thick dirtied finger. "They want to go camp out at Vern's then go to..." He stopped, completely forgetting what I had previously told him.
"To the drag races," I finished fervently, casting a nervous glance towards my father, who spat on the floor.
"Shut up kid," he snapped.
My mother, standing near the door looked as if she wasn't sure to run out of the building, or throw her authority on us. Her authority won. "Now Rob," she began, taking a few cautious steps forward. "It's just for two days, even though these kids aren't mature enough, they'll survive."