
"TRAAAAAAAAIIIN!
Vern cursed. "Oh shit!" and crawled faster, but the dip shit was slowing the rest of us down.
"Get up Vern!" Gordie screamed trying to haul the heavy weight of Vern in his arms but Vern dropped down, hugging his bedroll. "God dammit we're going to die! Shit! Get up!"
"But I'm gonna fall!"
I shrieked. "God damn it get up Vern! You're gonna kill us!"
"No!"
Gordie lost it. "God dammit VERN!"
Now you're probably wondering why I didn't just run around them. When you're in fear, your brain either freezes, or works fast. Mine sort of froze, and there really wasn't enough room to run around anyway. I was the remaining kid, stuck behind dip shit who finally got moving as all three of us ran for our lives...literally. My brother and Teddy were already on the other side, yelling for us to move faster.
The train's whistle screamed in my ears, and my vision tunneled, keeping my eyes on Chris, who had a look of horror and traumatic fright upon his face.
Vern wasn't moving any faster, and the train was just a few feet behind me. Five feet...four feet...three feet...two feet...one foot...
I launched off the bridge, feeling myself fall...down
...down
...down
...down
...SPLASH!
I almost blacked out. I probably did, but I don't remember much besides the fact that I had thrown my bedroll off my shoulder to drag the extra weight behind me as I swam. The water was shockingly cold, soaking through my button down shirt and skin as I kept my head above water. This was easier said then done, but thank goodness the water was calm enough to not fight against it so much. Still, the shock of falling still flooded my veins, and I'm pretty sure I was hardly moving, or my movements were choppy. My mind was overworking, giving me unlimited options on what to do but I paid no attention. Everything was blurring, everything was so suddenly confusing that dread flooded my veins.
It seemed like forever until I finally heard faint yells coming from the banks of the river. But with my ears filled with water, their cries echoed passed me. Subconsciously, I followed the sounds.
Just as my foot scraped the ground, arms were tugging and hauling me up to safety.
As my wobbly legs could finally somehow stabilize my stance, I was almost knocked over by another force which engulfed me in a big, chill warming hug. I held on tight to my brother, who was breathing hard, heart beating fast, and shivering from fright. I dug my nose into his warm neck, relieved to feel safe once more. Again, the hug felt different, except this one was full of shock and a determined fierceness only a lovable brother could have.
"SHIT! DON'T YOU EVER DO THAT TO ME AGAIN!" Chris yelled in my face, but I didn't care, I was so glad to see him that I laughed in response, making me seem crazy.
"Sure thing brother. Sure thing." I laughed some more and the others joined, glad I was safe. "Gordie!" I exclaimed and hugged him tightly. "I'm glad you're okay."
"Me too," he whispered in my ear and laughed. "Gave me a fright."
I exchanged reassuring hugs from the rest of the guys and we continued on, laughing some more to lighten the mood, the shock over. Though I was still freezing, and the wind that blew over us did not help one bit.