
"Oh man, what would I do without you? Any of you? Where would I be if I didn't have you guys?" I cracked a smile, already knowing the answer. "Probably some doom and gloom bitch with an cantankerous attitude."
This made Lachance snort in amusement. "No shit. I wouldn't wanna be around you." He paused for a moment, then said, "I'm glad you're different from the others."
I stopped, rolling over his words carefully before saying, "Ya really mean it?" Now a part of me knew I was different from the other girls, but I wanted to hear it from him. Now I dug my fingers in the soil, enjoying the sensation of loose ground weaving between my fingers.
There was a nonchalant shrug. "Well yeah," he said lightly. "You aren't afraid to get your hands dirty, or back down from a challenge. Every time Teddy says something' insulting, you aren't afraid to prove him wrong. And the way you cuss people to hell, man Tess, no girl has ever said as much dirty smack as you have."
A funny feeling started up in my chest. I didn't know if it was the words he spoke or just him himself.
"But I know some things about you that most people don't," Gordie proceeded. I looked up at him, and almost recoiled when I noticed he had moved a bit closer. He faced me, back no longer leaning against the tree trunk. His bangs which had been so neatly combed to the side had now fallen towards his eyes, making there rich chocolate color stand out.
Not breaking eye contact, I muttered, "And what is it, that others don't know?" I asked, my tone challenging. A surge of confidence ran through me, and I felt less intimidated by the boy's close proximity.
But he didn't seem bothered. "Underneath all that toughness, you've got a soft side."
I quirked an eyebrow. "Oh really?"
"Mmhm."
"Prove it."
Right when I said that, I knew it would backfire, and my mind wandered to one moment, hoping he wouldn't remember.
He did.
"Quidaciolous."
Breaking our gaze, I stared at the trampled soil in which we sat on, feeling blood rush to my face. "Well that was just uh-a uh..." My mind frantically searched for the right words. "Lean on me type of thing," I blurted out, hoping he would buy the act. But of course, this was Lachance, the walkin' talkin' dictionary to life.
"Tess."
Looking back up, I realized if I jerked any closer, our noses would be touching.
"Yeah?"
* * * * * *
Cliffhanger! I know I'm sorry *ducks from thrown objects*.