
Chopper was the dog of the owner who owned the junkyard. He was known as this great beast of a dog who was trained to sic any certain parts of the human body. Example: if a boy got caught lazying around the junkyard, you could hear the dreadful cry of Milo, the owner yelling, "Chopper, sic balls!" It was terrifying, really. And to be honest, since I didn't have any balls, I also did not want to lose my virginity to a crazed dog!
"Hey I'm kinda hungry," Vern voiced. "Who's got the food?"
Aaaaaaand my happy moment was spoiled. "Um, I don't think - " I started to say but Teddy beat me to it.
"Oh shit," he said, gesturing with exasperation. "Did anybody bring anything?"
I looked down at my black and white converse shoes, ashamed and mentally scolding myself for not bringing the food when I had a choice earlier. But that part I just kept to myself.
It was a negative for everyone.
"Oh," Teddy snapped, "oh, this is great! What are we supposed to do, eat our feet?!"
Chris scowled. "You mean you didn't bring anything either?" he confronted, taking a step forwards to face Duchamp.
"Well shit, this wasn't my idea!" Teddy said, defensive, and Chris stomped his foot against the gravel, losing his patience. "It was Vern's idea," Teddy rounded on poor Tessio, who's expression was innocent. "Why didn't you bring anything?"
Vern recoiled, shocked. "What am I supposed to do, think of everything? I brought the comb!"
A full argument broke out between the two, and I tried to break it up. They were being ridiculous.
Gordie jumped in, his voice a notch louder than the rest of us idiots. "Hey hey hey hey HEY!" We stopped, starring at him as he instructed, "let's see how much money we got?"
Yeah. The boy has certainly got brains.
We sat down in the middle of the tracks, handing Gordie our money as he counted. "I got $1.02, $1.00 from Tess, 68¢ from Chris, 60¢ from Teddy..." He paused, giving a look of disbelief towards Vern as few pennies dropped in his palm. "Seven cents, Vern?"
Vern shook his head defensively. "I haven't found my pennies yet," he explained and I suppressed the desire to roll my eyes.
Gordie sighed. "Well, $3.37 is not bad." He smirked, smiling a little. "Quidacioluo's is at the end of that little road that goes by the junkyard. I think we can get some stuff there." I pat his shoulder in agreement, and he smiled my way as I admired the zing that went through my arm. To avoid his sudden gaze, my eyes fell on his head, noticing a couple of rouge hairs had fallen out of his neatly combed bangs.
Then the ground beneath our ass's started trembling, and a familiar whistle pierced the air.
"Train's comin'." Chris said.
"Thank you mister obvious," I joked as we maneuvered to the side, ignoring his glare piercing holes through my back. Noticing Teddy wasn't with us, I looked back, shocked to see him standing stupidly in the train's way. "What the hell are you doin'!" I shouted.
Chris shook his head, it was impossible to tame Duchamp. "Come on man!"
But the crazy boy shook his head. "No, uh-uh," he said, throwing his bed roll our way and it landed near our feet. "I'm gonna dodge it."
My blood ran cold, eyes widened. "Jesus Christ man! That's suicide!" I shouted.
But he stubbornly stood his ground. Muttering a few words that sounded like "Dig it" and "Normandy Beach", all the while my twin was demanding for him to move his ass.