
An extra long chapter, please enjoy.
* * * * * *
The next morning, I awoke with a jolt to loud chugging sounds of a freight train that passed us. When it whistled (or should I say roared), everyone else woke up - except for Gordie, who was still on guard duty from the night before.
Slowly rising up, my lids heavy with dust, I rubbed my eyes and blinked a few times, adjusting to the sunlight. Looking around, I noticed Chris had his bed roll already rolled up and thrown over his shoulder. Teddy was awake and ready, leaning over poor Verno's face, preparing to scare the daylights out of him. Finally, Lachance descended from the hill, sauntering towards us with a peculiar look upon his face.
With a heavy sigh, I reluctantly stood and stretched, making sure my joints felt flexible enough before leaning over to roll up my own bed roll and throwing the strap over my shoulder.
"Aargh!"
The cry had come from Vern, who had clumsily stumbled from his bed, glaring at a cackling Teddy.
"You should've seen your face!" Teddy laughed, holding his stomach.
"Oh yeah, laugh it up," Vern scowled, and grumpily packed his things.
Already bored with the scene, I stepped towards Gordie, who was just stuffing his bed roll in his backpack. But his eyes weren't focused, like his mind was a thousand miles away. "You okay?" I asked, observing the odd expression his face wore. It wasn't sadness, but more like wonder.
"Huh?" Snapping out from his thoughts, Gordie's eyes focused once more, then gave a reassuring smile. "Yeah I'm fine, why?"
I paused, then shook my head. "Nothing, nevermind." Our eyes locked, and I blushed, swiftly lowering my gaze. Thoughts of last night pooled into my mind, and I pointedly looked everywhere but his way, all the while thinking of the kiss last night. It only lasted a few seconds, but I could still feel the sensuous tingles run down my spine. After that I had left him alone to organize his thoughts, while I went back to sleep, the heat radiating off the campfire, warming up my face.
"Tess! Come on!"
Snapping out from my thoughts, I quickly ran up to the train tracks, keeping up with the others. We once again walked on the train tracks, following it's boarded trail. After some minutes, Gordie stopped walking, and pulled out something from his bag. It wasn't much, but looked like some kind of food. "Sorry it's just a bit, but this is our breakfast," he said apologetically and handed the food out. It looked like some bread and blackberries, and I skeptically tried it with the tip of my tongue. It's taste wasn't horrible, but I was so hungry I downed it all in just a few bites. Still, my stomach was unhappy with the slight amount of food it got that day. I couldn't remember another time when I felt that starved.
"Geez, Gordie." Vern said, already halfway done with his berries. "Why couldn't you get some breakfast stuff, like uh, Twinkies and Pez and root beer?" He groaned, holding his empty stomach.
Lachance shook his head in response. "Sorry, Vern. I guess a more experienced shopper could have gotten more for your seven cents."
I scoffed, though no one else was laughing. But I didn't really laugh because of what Gordie said. The reality of seeing Brower's body loomed over my head, making me step one foot before the other, keeping me moving. Though the sun's heat was starting to light me on fire, I kept moving. Not because I wanted to show the sun it had nothing on me, but because seeing that dead body was exceptionally haunting, it became an obsession.
Now it's not like seeing a dead body was a pleasurable thing, actually the idea of it to me was slightly disgusting. But you know that feeling when you see a cover for a horror film? It's horrifying, yet you're curious to know what happens...so you want to watch it, yet don't.