
"How long do you think it's gonna be?" Teddy asked, humiliation and arrogance aside.
Chris sighed, placing a hand on his hip. "If we follow the tracks all the way into Harlow, should be about twenty miles." He turned to glance over his shoulder and back. "Sound about right to you, Gordie?"
"Yeah. Yeah, it might even be about thirty." Gordie responded, tipping his head to the side.
"Twenty-four, twenty-five," I added, not thirty though. I smirked, glancing his way, who just smirked back.
Squinting awkwardly, Vern shook his head. "Gee, maybe we should just hitch hike." He looked back, having second thoughts.
We all turned to look at him, scornful. "No way!" Teddy exclaimed, his arrogance back. "That sucks!"
Vern gaped, feeling foolish, though he might not have been. "Why not?" he asked fervently. "We could go out to Route 7 to the Shiloh church, then down the Back Harlow Road." Turning towards us, he added, "we'll be there by sundown."
"That's pussy!" Teddy halted, facing Vern.
I whirled around, glaring at mister crazy head. "Watch your mouth Duchamp." I snarled, taking a few steps forward. All the boys recoiled, as if I was speaking directly toward's them as well. Losing my temper was extremely rare, but say the right words and you've crossed the line. Simple, common used insults were absolutely fine, but be careful. "I will not tolerate such terms from your mouth."
But he just shrugged, like he always did when speechless, and I knew I couldn't change his mind. That was his decision to make, not mine. Chris, Gordie, and I went forwards, ignoring Teddy as he and Vern shared some last few lines before following suit.
* * * *
About an hour passed until we stepped out of from the forestry trees onto a wide, vast, open space, filled with hills, the trees left in the background. During this hour, we had randomly started singing songs like "Rock Around The Clock" and "Sorry" or the theme song from Have Gun Will Travel. Which, at that moment, we were singing, half shouting just that song while quickly walking down the tracks.
"Have Gun Will Travel reads the card of a man.
A knight without armor in a savage land.
His fast gun for hire head's the calling wind.
A soldier of fortune is the man called, Paladin!"
Something funny came over me right as we finished. I suddenly felt as if I could soar above the clouds, as if the moment could last forever: no bickering, no insulting, no offending. Just nice and relaxing time with my best friends and I could not have asked for more. I chuckled, watching my brother skip with a cry of joy, and I knew he felt free. Free of our parents drunken reign on us. Free of Castle Rock and that suffocating small town. Free of our well known reputations as criminals.
Here, in this moment, in this place; I could be myself without having to worry one bit and no one could stop me!
"We could fill up at the junkyard." Gordie said, checking our water supplies. "My dad says it's a safe well."
But Vern looked worried. "Not if Chopper's there."
My brother laughed. "If Chopper's there, we'll send you in." We laughed at the thought.
"Ha ha, very funny." Vern's tone laced with sarcasm.
To brighten his mood, I added quickly. "Why don't we send in Teddy after ya too?" Chris shared a look with me, and we burst out laughing, smirking at the scowl crazy guy sent my way.