
Chris jerked his head up. "Shut it Teddy and keep your eyes peeled."
"Pkoww!" Teddy mimed the bang of a gun.
"Stop it!"
"Shut up Duchamp!"
"You wanna get us killed?!"
"Not helping Teddy!"
It was going to be a very long, cold, irritating night.
* * * *
Somewhere in between Duchamp's silly whispers, I had dozed off. It must have been a few hours until I awoke to hushed whispers talking by the guard tree. It took awhile for my brain to de-fuzz, and I recognized the voices immediately.
"Why not? You're smart enough." It was Gordie.
"They won't let me in," came my brother's response.
"Why not?"
I could just imagine Chris shrugging. "It's the way people think of my family in this town," he began but stopped as he heard a ruffling coming from the bedrolls.
My bedroll.
I had turned to lie on my side, facing them, but my eyelids were closed.
Silence nipped the air.
"Anyway," my brother proceeded. "People think my family is dangerous."
I peeked out from one eye, watching Gordie scoot a bit closer. I couldn't see their expressions, but the atmosphere around the two boys was emotional, I could almost taste it. The moment was inviting, yet it made me want to push away and not witness the words being whispered between them. I felt like an intruder, yet I couldn't help but eavesdrop.
"That's not true." Gordie whispered fervently.
"Oh no it is!" Chris argued. "No one even asked me if I took the milk money." I heard him sigh. "I just got a three day vacation."
There was a pause.
"Did you take it?"
I snapped my eyes shut, knowing the answer already and what was to come next. Chris had told me all about it before, but he was angry when telling me, not open and vulnerable like he was now with his best friend sitting beside him. I listened carefully to each word coming out of his and Lachance's mouth, each word breaking my heart a little bit more. My eyes remained shut, but my imagination was wide open. Since I knew the two so well already, I could already picture their expressions like a movie on a screen.
"And do you think that bitch would've dared to try something like that if it had been one of those douche bags from up on The View if they had taken the money?!" Chris's angered whisperers pierced the air, and I just about crumbled. I knew who he was talking about. Old lady Simons. God she was one hell of a bitch to back-stab my brother! How dare she!
Gordie replied. "No way!"
"Hell no!" Chris agreed, furious. "But with me?" He paused, and I strained to hear more. "I'm sure she had her eye on that skirt for a long time..." His voice faded, and I pictured him looking out at the sky, green eyes millions of miles away. "She saw her chance and she took it." His voice shook, and it cracked a bit. " I was the stupid one for even trying to get it back..."
His voice was shaking uncontrollably, and criacked several more times. Then he did something I only saw him do since kindergarten.
He began to cry.
That was the final trigger, my heart shattered. I wanted to bound up and pull him into my arms, to coo him to sleep and reassure that everything was okay, that everything was going to get better. But even I knew that was a long shot, and I felt completely and utterly useless.