
A fervent knocking came from beneath our feet, once again, jolting me from my thoughts.
Gordie sighed, still reading his magazine. "That's not the secret knock."
"I forgot the secret knock. Lemme in!" A voice yelled from below.
"Vern," we all chorused, and removed the card table.
More yells came from below. "Come on you guys, open up!" Once Vern climbed in, I could tell he was breathing hard, and a peculiar look upon his face. "Oh man! You guys aren't gonna believe this! This is so boss!" Vern said breathless, settling himself on one side of the tree house wall. "Wait'll you hear this! Wait'll you hear this!" He ranted on, way too excited for his own health. "You won't believe it! It's unbelievable!"
We situated ourselves around the latch, leaning in.
"Let me catch my breath," he paused, still hyperventilating. "I ran all the way from my house."
"I ran all the way home," we all sang out, making Vern scowl at our immaturity. "Just to say I'm sorry..."
Vern's scowl deepened. "Come on you guys, listen to me," he whined, but was drowned out by our singing. "Forget it, I don't have to tell you nothin'."
Chris stopped. "Alright, hold on you, hold on." We stopped singing, leaning in again. "What is it man?" he asked as we all faced Vern.
"Okay, great." Vern proceeded. "You won't believe this, I swear. Sincerely."
Since ole' Verno wasn't getting to the point fast enough, we broke into song again. "I ran all the way home..."
"Screw you guys." Vern waved his hand in defeat, still scowling. "Forget it."
We stopped, leaning in again. "What is it?" Chris said.
Vern sighed, then gave us an awkward furrowed brow look. "Can you guys camp out tonight? I mean if..."
My mind blocked out his words, for a moment, reality settling in once more. Oh it was possible alright, to camp out. But my father had been drinking a lot lately, sort of on a mean streak. Which is exactly what my twin explained when Vern asked if he could come.
"I'm surprised he hasn't raped me yet." I joked nonchalantly.
"Tess!" I snapped towards Chris, who looked ready to jump me.
I gulped. His eyes narrowed dangerously, a glare so like Dad's.
"Don't you dare say that," he hissed, voice low, pointing straight at me. A warning. "Don't. You. Dare!" To break the tension, I just waved him off, but I could tell he wasn't going to let go of my words, yet.
The tree house was filled with silent tension, the kind where if someone didn't break the silence soon, you felt like jumping out of the place.
Surprisingly, Vern was the savior.
"Can you Gordie?" he asked, facing him.
"Yeah. Probably," the handsome boy replied, his chocolate brown eyes not wavering from his magazine.
Teddy, who's patience was filled said, "So what are you pissin' and moanin' about Verno?" But before the poor boy could respond, everyone's focus was back to the card game.
Finally, Vern said his reasons, an eyebrow awkwardly raised. "You guys wanna go see a dead body?"
Those words, unbeknownst to me, changed my life, forever.