
I realized this wasn't just a fight, it was a test, a test for Lachance to figure out once and for all who he was. Should following in his brother's footsteps keep him out of trouble, or push all that aside and become who he wanted to be? Both choices would open up a new path for him to follow. We waited in great suspense as Gordie made his decision.
A click sounded as he cocked the gun. "Suck my fat one, you cheap dime store hood." No kidding, those were the exact words Gordie muttered. All sense of fright had vanished from his eyes, replaced with strong motivation and determination. He had made his decision; a decision Chris, Teddy, Vern, and I all supported.
I could not suppress the grin that spread upon my lips.
Ace, gulped, though his expression remained in a sneer. "What are you gonna do - shoot us all?"
"No, Ace." Gordie stated. "Just you."
For once, Ace looked stuck, not sure if he should hold his pride, or surrender. He took one step back. "We're gonna get you for this," he threatened. There was no bluff in his words.
Chris, who had finally found his voice again, replied. "Maybe you will and maybe you won't."
Desperately trying to grasp some of his pride, Ace tipped his chin up and gestured with his head for his gang to move along. Slowly, carefully, they drifted up the hill, warily glancing at the pistol. Finally, Ace began to move, his limbs stiff with reluctance. "We're not gonna forget this if that's what you're thinkin," he said. "This is big time baby."
All five of us stiffened, waiting for him to move. When he finally did, we relaxed, letting out a silent breath as Ace slowly followed his gang who disappeared around the brush.
"Suck my fat one?"
I turned, my grin becoming ridiculous as Chris smirked at his best friend. "Whoever said you had a fat one?"
Laughter bubbled up in my throat as Gordie responded confidently, "Biggest one in four counties."
Chris chuckled, slapping his friend's shoulder. "Yeah."
I finally let myself laugh, it felt good, feeling the tension from just moments ago erase from my body. "Don't get cocky," I joked, lightly pushing Lachance's head.
He skillfully caught my wrist, and I froze, my smile fading as he raised his hand to gently brush my cheek with a finger. When his skin made contact with mine, a sting raced through my face, and I realized Ace's knife had nicked my cheek when I pushed Chris out of harms way.
I flinched, backing away, wiping the cut with the ends of my shirt. "Shit, I'm gonna have to wash this."
"Lemme see," Chris said firmly, and eyed the cut across my cheek before saying, "You're crazy, ya know that?" and pulled me into a hug.