
Though I knew people die everyday, it was as if Brower's death was somehow suddenly a huge deal, albeit, in a way, it was. I mean it's not everyday you hear about a kid your age reported dead.
Then, a thought hit me. That moment when we five were all balancing our way across that bridge, was an extremely dangerous, not to mention suicidal idea. And if we all had jumped, would all of us make it out alive? I realized my luck to know and have the ability to relatively swim, or else I would've been a goner.
But what if I hadn't jumped?
What if the train had hit me?
What if the train had hit me? What if the train had hit me? What if...train...hit! I began to feel lightheaded, and hunched over, resting my elbows upon my knees, hands covering my face.
I could have ended up just like Brower, the kid that lay just a few feet away...dead. The idea slapped me across the face, and punched me in the gut, leaving me breathless.
Then another thought came along.
If I was hit, would anyone have cared? Would my parents stop drinking for once, and put in the time and money for a funeral? And what about Chris? Would he be able to move on without me? We were as close as siblings could get, and I don't think one could live without the other. What about all of them, the boys? If it wasn't for me watching their backs twenty-four seven, I was one hundred and fifty percent sure they would already be locked up behind bars.
So there I sat, pathetically worrying until I realized Gordie and Chris had joined me on the tree trunk. Except they weren't there to talk to me.
Instead, Chris had his arm around the other boy, muttering indecipherable words. Gordie's shoulders shook, and I realized he was crying. I listened.
"He hates me. My dad hates me. He hates me, oh god," Gordie choked, sobbing.
Rubbing his best friend's shoulder, a small smile tipped the ends of Chris's mouth, and slightly shook his head. "You're gonna be a great writer someday, Gordie," he said, rubbing his friend's shoulder a bit more, trying to lighten the mood. "You might even write about us guys, and Tess, if you ever get hard up for material."
Banishing all coherent thoughts, I silently shifted closer to the shaking boy, lightly putting my hand on his knee. "There's no way you wouldn't," I added, agreeing with my brother.
Slowly, Gordie raised his head from Chris's shoulder, and looked at him, cracking a shaky grin. "Guess I'd have to be really hard up, huh?" He tried to laugh, but it came out as more of a choke.
"Yeah." Chris joked.
Lachance raised a hand to wipe away his tears, blinking a few times before settling down. It wasn't long before the shaking of his body stopped.
I chose then to speak, but was interrupted by a nasty voice.
"What the fuck do you know about this?"
We jumped up, stripping off any signs of weakness, and faced Ace as he slowly, in his own lazy way, slumped down the hill.
* * * * * *
I want to thank everyone who had the patience to stick to Follow The Tracks no matter how slow I updated. I hope the ending of this story does not disappoint you. Maybe I'll even write a sequel. Thanks again!
Don't forget to vote!