
Finally, after what felt like hours, Chris came to a halt, resting his hand upon his hip. "Gentlemen - er and women," he said after I cleared my throat. "The Royal." We had come across a point where we could keep following the tracks, or cross a field that lead straight to the forest.
"God," Teddy exclaimed, sounding defeated. "The tracks go way out from here." We all looked to the side. He was right, the tracks disappeared around a corner, leaving our sight.
Chris shrugged. "If we cut across this field right here, we'll be there in an hour." He looked at the tracks, then back at the forest, narrowing his eyes.
But Vern wasn't so confident, and whined, "I think we should stick to the tracks."
"I say we go across the field," Teddy objected.
My brother turned to his friend. "Gordie?"
The air became thick with tension as we all turned our heads, watching Lachance silently, waiting for his response. His expression was focused, staring ahead, filled with determination.
"Yeah," was all he said, and without warning, started down the field, the rest quickly following after.
Vern hesitated, "Hey, guys? It's a lot safer if we, uh..." He trailed off, noticing we were already halfway to the forest. "You don't know what's in those woods," he shouted.
I stopped running, turned a shoulder and shouted back, "Scared of a few furry animals?"
"No!" Vern glanced at the tracks once more before chasing after us. "Hey you guys, wait up for me!"
Once we faced the forest, we didn't hesitate to trample down bushes, stampeding down the path, once in a while tripping over large roots until instead of hearing the sounds of trampling feet, you could hear globbing sounds.
"Oh ew!" I stopped, looking down at my feet which were drenched in ankle deep mud.
Teddy groaned. "Great, the sensation of slimy mud in my socks."
With the muds weight slowing us down, we finally came to a slow walk. The path became dry again, and then turned to mud once more. This became a pattern for a while; dry path, mud, dry path, mud.
"I hate this shortcut," Vern scowled as we trudged across mud once more.
"I hate this shortcut," Teddy mocked in a baby voice. Vern feigned a punch to his face - Teddy flinched.
All of a sudden, Vern got real excited, poking Teddy in the chest, laughing. "You flinched! Two for flinching -"
Duchamp slugged him in the shoulder twice, leaving Vern to stand in shock.
"But...you flinched," he said, confused.
Teddy's expression was impassive. "I know. Two for flinching," and walked off, a smug smile appearing on his face, leaving Vern perplexed.
"Was that really necessary?" I said accusingly as Teddy appeared at my side.
He said nothing by giving me a sharp look before walking up ahead.
Fed up with his arrogant attitude, I accused rather loudly, "Yeah that's right Duchamp, can't stand getting your pride bruised, huh?" But he didn't respond, so I decided to take it up a notch. "So that's it? You're just gonna run away like a chicken?"
Teddy stopped, turning to face me. "Shut up Theresa," he snapped, and kept on walking.