
Walking a few more steps as we passed Irby's Billiard Hall, ole' Ace and my dear brother Eyeball walked out the door. "Hey girls!" Eyeball taunted. "Where ya goin'?"
I whirled around, all thoughts of Gordie's cap forgotten as I glared, hoping to seer holes in my dear brother's forehead. "We don't need your shit Eyeball! Go back to wherever the fuck you came from and stay in that hell." My tone was lowered, a threat, a warning. We faced off, dark green eyes staring back at one another. It was disturbing knowing how much I looked like him, you know. Chris set a soothing hand on my arm, but I shrugged him off.
"Hey come on man! My brother gave me that!"
Our concentration broke as a cry came from Gordie.
Ace had taken the Yankee's cap, holding it above his head as poor Lachance scrambled to grab it. That's why it's so important. I thought back to April. Denny. The cap was the last bit of his essence.
"You're a real asshole you know that?" Chris warned, taking a step forwards. I could tell he was trying hard not to loose it. Yet again, it was hard not to around Ace's gang at all.
Ace sneered, his blonde hair blown by the wind as he gave shit-head the Yankee's cap. "Your brother's not very polite, Eyeball." He took a step forward. "Take that back."
I wasn't sure what was said next, my concentration was on Eyeball. But before I knew it, my twin was on the ground, cussing out as Ace straddled him, his cigarette close to burning his face.
Then Ace froze, because I had him in a headlock. The kind of headlock where you snap the opponent's neck. "Let. Him. Go." I hissed close to his ear, "or I swear to god you'll drop dead." This was highly unusual for a girl to do, but when you've got two brothers and one who's willing to look out for ya, you tend to learn and pick up on a lot of defense moves.
After a Pregnant pause, Chris's voice from below was heard. "Don't Tess, come on, let go."
"What?" I asked, surprised, peering over Ace's shoulder to see Chris grimacing in pain.
"I take it back," he said, albeit reluctant. "I take it back." Remember, peace, that's all he cared for.
Blondie let him go, taking a breath of pride, filled with smoke. "Now I feel a whole lot better about this. What about you?" We didn't say a word, though I spat on the ground in disgust. "Good." Ace grinned, satisfied. He and Eyeball walked off.
"See'ya later girls." Eyeball crowed over his shoulder. We ignored his taunt, staring after him.
Someone jerked my elbow. "Come on, just forget 'em." Chris said, pulling my arm impatiently. Reluctantly, I nodded, tearing my eyes away from Denny's cap as we both caught up to Gordie.
Since the tension had increased again, we playfully pushed and shoved each other, walking towards our destination. It wasn't until we passed the welcoming gate to Castle Rock did I gently wrap my fingers around Lachance's wrist. He stopped, light brown eyes questioning. "I promise, you," I whispered, ignoring my brothers impatient call. "You're getting that Yankee's cap back."
He blinked. "Really, ya mean it?"
A smirk formed across my lips. "I swear."