
*Whispers * There's a sequel.
Don't forget to vote!
* * * * * *
"You okay, Theresa?"
At the sound of her name, the woman turned, coming face to face with her husband, who had woken not too long ago, was dressed in his pajamas and a light t-shirt.
"Yeah," she reassured him, and smiled; a small, sad, smile.
To no surprise, he reflected the sad smile, and the two stared, watching thoughts of the summer in 1959 running through each others gaze. After a few silent moments, Theresa turned back around, gazing out at the streets once more.
It seemed like hours until a soft touch to her left hand made her jump.
"Sorry," Gordon muttered apologetically before wiggling the mug out of her grip.
"Remember when I told you 'I would never know what it's like to lose a close sibling' ?" She stood there, stiff, feeling distraught.
He nodded. "Yeah, at Quidaciolous."
"Well," she choked, feeling hot tears rush down her face, and she closed her eyes to make them stop. "I know what it feels like now."
Pulling her into his embrace, Gordie closed his eyes, feeling tears drip on his shirt. "When you told me that, back in 1959," he whispered, caressing the small of her back with his thumb, "I hoped you would never have to know what it feels like...I'm sorry." After a pause, he said, "Chris was the greatest friend I could ever ask for." Waiting for a reply, he stopped, but when came nothing, he added one finale sentence. "You were lucky to have him, Tess."
Laughing slightly, she let go of his neck and wiped her tears, stubbornly wanting to appear tough. A habit Gordie noted she always had since he could remember.
"He always wanted peace, didn't he," she said, but it was not a question. "I told him his kindness would get him into trouble." Tess heaved a sigh. "But not like this," she whispered. "I never imagined it to end like this."
Gordie spoke not a word. He did not have too. Instead, he wrapped an arm around his wife's shoulder, leading her back inside the house. "Did you save some coffee for me?"
She smiled. "Of course."
* * * * * *
Oh. My. Goodness! I finished! I actually finished a story!
IF THERE ARE ANY MISTAKES, PLEASE LET ME KNOW. Thank you.
Right now you don't know how excited I am! WOW!
SEQUEL: LATE NIGHTS