
The suspense man...
* * * * * *
So you're probably wondering what's with all the quick updates? I have a few chapters of the sequel already written, so I want FTT finished.
Reminder, please vote.
* * * * * *
Ace, descended from the hill, cigarette in his mouth, blonde hair blown away from his forehead. In a way, you could say he looked almost dangerously handsome, but who in their right mind would want to hook up with Ace?
Another form behind Blondie appeared. It was fuckin' Eyeball.
"Sumbitch!" Eyeball declared, skidding down to a halt. "My little brother and his whore!"
I opened my mouth to protest, but once again, was interrupted.
"Let's skip the family greetings for now," Ace snarled, raising his hand to quiet Eyeball before turning back. "You wasn't plannin' on taking the body from us, was you boys?"
I rolled my eyes. Skumbag doesn't even have the decency to acknowledge my presence.
Chris took a step forwards, eyes hard. "You get away, man," he said. "We found him - we got dibs!"
But Ace wasn't phased. "Aw, we better start runnin', Eyeball. They got dibs!" His sarcasm dripped like rotten sugar; sweet yet disgusting.
"We earned him man!" Chris protested, voice raising. "You guys came in a car! That's not fair!"
"That's not fair! He's ours." Eyeball mimicked in a baby voice. "Well not anymore!"
"Cut the crap shitheep!" I hissed at him. "We had to walk!"
He scoffed. "Well I'm just glad I didn't."
Teddy finally spoke up, I was waiting for his sharp tongue to click. "There's five of us Eyeball," he taunted. "You just make your move!"
Smug, Ace raised an eyebrow, "Oh we will. Don't you worry."
At the moment I was confident we could take them, but then more tall figures appeared, lumbering down the hill towards us. My confidence vanished; it was us five against Ace's gang.
"Vern!" Charlie exclaimed, almost whining. "You little sonofawhore! You was under the porch!"
Vern's eyes grew wide, and he took a stumbling step back. "No, no I swear, it wasn't me!"
Now is a good time to grow a backbone, Tessio! I was hoping he would stand up for himself, but Vern was a coward when his brother came to whip him. I would be too.
"You little keyhole-peepin' dung-wipe," Billy raged. "I oughta beat the livin' shit outta you!" He fumbled his belt, taking it off to whip at Vern's skin.
Even I took a step back.
But Ace held up a hand, stopping his "friend", hatred reflecting in his eyes, lazy and dark. "Now you guys have two choices," he drawled, head tipped to the side, jaw slack. "You either leave quietly, and we take the body, or you stay, we beat the shit out of you - and we take the body."
"Besides," Charlie stated arrogantly, "me and Billy found him first."
Teddy laughed. "Yeah, Vern told us how you found him." He held his hands in front of his chest, mocking Charlie, speaking in a high voice. "Oh Billy, I wish we never boosted that car. Oh Billy, I think I just turned my Fruit of the Looms into a fudge factory."
Charlie snapped. "That's it! Your ass is grass!"