
Awhoooooooooo!
"Jesus Christ!" I exclaimed and jumped from my bedroll, senses alert.
Everyone else had awoken as well, each shaking in their skin.
Vern gasped. "Oh my god!" We all looked around to see where the sound was coming from, but it seemed to be surrounding us.
"It's that Brower kid." Teddy taunted. "His ghost is out walking in the woods."
"Shut up." I snapped.
Vern was on his hands and knees, praying fervently, looking as if he was about to cry. "I promise I won't hawk no dirty books. I promise I won't say no bad words. I promise I'll eat my lima beans - Ah!" He startled as Teddy sneakily tapped his shoulder.
"Two for flinching." We know what comes next.
Gordie whirled around as another batch of howls echoed through the night. "What is it Chris?" He asked, trying to appear calm. But his voice shook and his eyes were wide.
"Maybe it's coyotes." Chris replied, the gun in his hand raised, and he whirled around as more howls erupted.
I couldn't help the shiver that tingled through my spine. "Yeah, or hungry spirits," I added quickly. The comment was unnecessary, but I needed it off my chest.
"It sounds like a woman screaming." Gordie noted and I threw him a glare, the tension from earlier rising.
Teddy said impatiently, "It's not coyotes, it's his ghost."
"Shut the fuck up Duchamp!" I snarled, but he just ignored me, beginning to climb up the small hill that surrounded the clearing we currently stood in.
Chris snapped at him. "Teddy! Sit down."
"I'm gonna go look for it." Mister crazy whined. "I wanna see a ghost."
I snarled. "Keep wishing that and your thoughts are gonna bring all of them ghost in!"
"Don't say that!" Vern groaned, glaring my way.
Teddy stubbornly shook his head. "I just wanna see it! I wanna see what he looks like!"
AWHOOOOOOOOO!
Everyone instinctively ducked, as if something would come at us from above, while others covered their ears.
I trembled some more. Though I felt extremely foolish.
"Jesus H. bald headed Christ!" Teddy cursed while stumbling back down the hill.
Vern's voice shook as he suggested, "Maybe we should stand guard."
Chris nodded, death gripping the gun. "Yeah. Good idea."
Teddy perked up at this info, his hands becoming grabby grabby once more. "Gimme the gun, I'll take first watch."
I wanted to protest, to say he would get carried away with it and accidentally kill us all. I kept my mouth shut.
After the horrible howling stopped, we settled back down, hoping to catch a wink of sleep...but Teddy's muttering was not helping one bit!
"2300 hours, Corporal Teddy Duchamp stands guard. No sign of the enemy. The fort is secure." Teddy stood with his back against a tree, gun cocked towards the sky, muttering strange and irritating words.