
"Hold it!" Ace, muttered before Charlie could do any damage. And I realized, he himself was the one wanting to cause the damage. "Okay Chambers, you little faggot," he sneered, pointing a finger straight at my brother. "This is your last chance. What do you say, kid?"
We were outnumbered, half their size, and our chances of getting out of the situation without a scratch were slim.
I looked over to Chris, who was shaking his head in disgust. Yet he looked almost close to tears. His eyes and nose were red, I wasn't sure what was wrong with him. To see him in such a vulnerable state, especially in that moment, was frightening. But what kept me from asking was the determination in his gaze, so I held my tongue.
Silence filled the air, then Chris raggedly voiced, "Why don't you go home and fuck your mother some more."
That's my brother. I smiled, feeling pride, and rubbed his shoulder.
Click!
I turned my gaze back around, and my blood ran cold. Ace had pulled a pocket knife. "You're dead," Ace dead-panned, and slowly advanced, knife held in a death grip.
My hand, which was originally resting on Chris's shoulder slid down his arm, grabbing his wrist in a bone crushing grip. "Come on, Chris, let's go," I muttered, pulling gently.
But Chris shook his head, quicker this time. "They're not takin' him," he muttered, stubbornly holding his ground. "They're not takin' him."
Teddy shuffled his feet, taking a few steps back. "Come on, Chris. let's split!"
"They're not takin' him."
"Come on, Chris, this is crazy!"
"They're not takin' him."
"He's got a knife, man!"
"They're not takin' him!"
I worriedly stared into Chris's eyes. It was like he was lost in his own haunted world, muttering "They're not takin' him" repeatedly.
I tugged a little harder on his wrist as Ace advanced. After a moment, Charlie worriedly said, "Ace, come on." But the blonde ignored his call.
"Chris, snap out of it!" I fervently whispered, shaking him slightly.
But his light brown eyes were locked on his predator. "You're gonna have to kill me, Ace," he muttered, voice trembling.
"No problem," Blondie replied.
I was stupid, maybe even crazy, it was a reckless pure instinctive move. Ace lunged, I stepped in between the two, pushing my brother back right as my cheek stung and a loud BANG filled the air.
Everything froze, no one dared to breathe as Gordon Lachance stepped up with Dad's 45 pistol grasped with both hands, aiming straight at Ace's chest. "You're not taking him," he muttered under his breath, a silent yet dangerous fire burning in his usual soft eyes. "Nobody is taking him."
A silent pause passed, I held my breath.
"Come on, Kid," Ace snarled. "Just give me the gun before you take your foot off." He sized Gordie's small frame up and down. "You ain't got the sack to shoot a woodchuck." He took a daring step forward.
"Don't move, Ace." Gordie warned, his pose stiffening, and he raised the gun a little higher. "I'll kill you, I swear to God."
For a second, I thought I saw a flicker of wariness in Ace's eyes, but he blinked and it was replaced with hate once more. "Come on, Lachance," he said, voice guarded. "Gimme the gun. You must have some of your brother's good sense." At the mention of Denny, I watched Gordie suck in a sharp breath, and I had the sudden urge to spit back at Ace, but I held my tongue - this was Gordie's fight.