
After awhile, Chris noticed my absence on days where I could be hanging out with him and the others. Soon, he started pestering me nonstop. For example: my skin was too light because I lacked the rays of sunshine from staying indoors too often, how I would need glasses because my eyes would die of boredom.
Of course his pestering got to me and I got out in the sun more, enjoying familiar feelings of warmth you only get when associating with your best friends.
A slight nostalgic wave crashed over me, and I suddenly wished to have packed the Narnia book I had been reading that summer.
For me, reading was like escaping into some alternate universe where your realities would disappear and nothing could disturb you. Fantasy books were the best when it came to escaping reality, yet in a way, I always thought that our reality was all a dream, and that there really was some alternate realm where everything was beautiful. Sounds cheesy, but beautiful was the only word I could describe this alternative place.
"What about you Tess?"
I jerked out from my thoughts, realizing everyone was impatiently staring my way. "Huh?" was all I could choke out.
"What did you think about the ending?" Teddy asked.
It took a moment for my brain to click in and realize; Gordie was done with his story. "Oh um," I nervously tucked a piece of hair behind my ear, avoiding everyone's penetrating gaze. "I uh..." Yeah I was screwed.
"Tess!" Chris exclaimed, cuffing my shoulder. "You've got to be joking." He knew exactly where my mind had traveled, and I blushed. "She wasn't even paying attention!"
"Sorry," was all I could mutter, though I knew it didn't make much of a difference. "The story just," I paused, knowing my words had to be chosen very carefully. Looking down at the ground, I fumbled the soil and brushed it through my fingers. "It wasn't very appealing to me." My eyes met Gordie's, who's impatient expression had turned to a scowl, a look of betrayal, and I knew in some way, I had betrayed him. "Look I'm sorry, I just..." Guilt washed through me, and I wanted to suddenly curl up and disappear.
"No it's fine." Gordie snapped, his scowl deepening, and turned to stare at the flames. "You're a girl, I get it. Pie-eating contest aren't mature enough for you."
His harsh words jabbed a thorn to my chest, and my breath hitched. More guilt bubbled beneath my skin, and I mentally slapped myself across the face twice because here I was, completely going against what I had said earlier to Lachance. Silent tension arose, and for a moment, no one dared to breath, expecting me or Gordie to crack. But nothing happened, and I was forced to look at the ground, the warmth in my face turning hot. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
"Hey," Chris warily began, and I braced myself for more jabbing words. "Vern where's the radio, let's see if we can get some tunes." And just like that, the tension was gone and I breathed out a sigh of relief. Thanks brother.
All five of us talked through the night. Each of us adding in our own experience or opinion to the subject being conversed. We even had a discussion over Goofy from The Mickey Mouse Club. The question was, "Mickey's a mouse, Donald's a duck, Pluto's a dog...what's Goofy?" Let me tell you, that one had us for a loop. Teddy said Goofy's a dog, I agreed. Vern wasn't so sure, conflicted, same as Gordie, but Chris was positive Goofy was not a dog. His reason, "He can't be a dog. He wears a hat and drives a car."
No one mentioned Ray Brower. But we were all thinking it.
* * * *
Once we were settled down for the night, sprawled around in the shape of a large ring around the campfire, we dozed off, warmed by the heat radiating off the fiery flames. But our peaceful night was soon interrupted by a loud, echoing, howl.