
*Cries* the end everyone.
And remember to vote at the end of the chapter.
* * * * * *
In the end, we left the body there, covered in a blanket. Even though we had come all this way to become heros, Gordie insisted that we should leave the body alone. "Not like this," he told Teddy who argued with him. "Not like this."
If you must know, no one, not our gang or Ace's got the credit. We decided to make an anonymous phone call, reporting where the body lay. Ace wasn't so happy that neither one got the credit, but in the end, he let us go.
We began the walk back, silent and thoughtful. Running into Ace's gang had taken a toll on us, and we just wanted to be alone for a while, lost in thought. Entering the forest once more, we walked on until coming to a stop at the leech infested stream.
"Great," Teddy cursed, his eyes eyes narrowing. "How the hell are we supposed to cross now?"
"I'm not going in there again," Vern said, shaking his head vigorously. "Never. Nu-uh!"
Feeling bad for the fellow, I set a reassuring hand upon his shoulder. "Don't worry Vern, we'll think of something." The boy smiled.
"In fact," Chris murmured, a smirk quirking up the corners of his mouth, "I think I found a solution."
"Oh really?" I challenged. "Because last time your idea ended with our blood getting sucked."
His smirk fell. "Chill sis! This'll work, I promise." Throwing down his bedroll, he walked some ways down the bank, picking up the ends of two long thick branches, embracing them to his chest as he dragged them back towards us. Gordie jogged over, lending a hand. Once the two got back, Chris instructed, "We'll push them across the water until they create a bridge like structure."
Finally, after the branches were set (which believe me, took a while), we huddled around one end, feeling skeptical.
"Hey, don't worry," Chris assured us, shouldering his bedroll once more. "Watch." And he slowly, carefully, balanced himself on the two branches, wisely walking with a slow pace across the stream until he jumped off onto the opposite bank. "See," he shouted.
I was next.
Gulping down my fear, I took a reluctant step up onto the branches, shakily standing up, then looked to my brother for further instructions.
"Don't look so doom and gloom, Tess!" he declared. "Just walk across. You'll be safe!"
"Says the guy who said it was fine before," I remarked, scowling. But not wanting to delay the party any longer, I walked across, taking my time until I was at the end. Chris, being the gentleman that he was, offered his hand as I jumped off onto the bank.
"I told you it was safe," he smiled smugly.
I cuffed the back of his head. "Don't get cocky."
But I wasn't teasing, for I felt funny, almost sad, even frightened. I tried pushing it down, gulping once more as I watched the others balance their way across the leech infested stream.
* * * *
We silently followed the tracks once more, except this time leading us home. As the sun set, the hurt feeling in my chest started to push down on my lungs, and the air suddenly felt too hot. I could feel my heartbeat in my back, pounding through my ears and in my throat.
I felt something wet slip down my cheek.
A tear.
Quickly brushing it away, I cleared my throat, trying to stop more tears from appearing.