
This chapter's long, like really really long. Around 3000+ words.
(Clever Gordie Lachance up top).
And remember to vote please.
* * * * * *
My heart started racing, and suddenly it felt as if all my senses heightened. I wasn't sure what I was feeling. Intrigue, fright, excitement and wonder filled my stomach all at once. Vern's words were so effective, even Gordie tore his eyes away from his magazine, and sat up, alert. All four of us leaned in, on the edge of our seats as Vern explained what he meant.
He had been under his houses porch, digging up pennies that he himself had buried. Unfortunately, his mother had thrown away the map, so poor Vern had been digging for nine months! Nine months man. But that wasn't the point, Vern told us how he overheard his brother Billy and his friend Charlie Hogan talking about how they found Ray Brower's body near the train tracks by the Back Harlow Road. But Billy didn't want to call the cops, saying how the police would know he and Charlie had boosted a car the day before. In my opinion, they were both shit heads and idiots. But if it wasn't for them, we would've never known about Ray Brower's body.
All five of us had followed the story of Ray Brower real closely, mostly because he was our age, and it's not everyday you here about a dead kid between the ages of ten to fifteen.
"I know the Back Harlow Road." Teddy piped up after Vern was done speaking. "It comes to a dead end by the river. The train tracks are right there!" He sat up straighter, looking proud. "Me and my Dad used to fish for Cossies out there all the time."
I sneered. "My Dad and I, Duchamp." I corrected his grammar, smirking as his prideful stance swooped back down. I caught Gordie's eye, who just laughed. Correcting Teddy's grammar was one of the many hobbies I treasured daily.
"Fuck you Chambers." Teddy shot back, giving me a poisonous glare through his glasses.
I gave him the finger. "Back at'cha kid." This insult of course, caused him to jump up, but Chris calmed him down, quickly changing the subject back to Ray Brower's body. The boys just wanted to find the body for fame. Myself however, wanted to see it for some unknown reason. At that time I wasn't so sure, but some yearning hunger to see the body had started building in my chest.
Then we had another problem to face; how the hell were we going to tell our parents. Of course Gordie, who had the brains knew exactly what to do. I swear, the kid seemed like a walking talking textbook on "How To Survive Life."
"We'll all tell our folks we're tenting out in your back field," he began, pointing at Vern. "You tell your folks you're sleeping over at Teddy's." A small smile spread across his lips. "Then we say we're goin' over to the drag races the next day. We're rock solid 'til dinner tomorrow night."
Chris beamed at him, the cigarette between his fingers. "Man that's a plan and a half," he congratulated and the two shared some skin. Now when I say sharing skin, I mean the two just brushed the palms of their opposite hands twice. It's sort of like a simple secret handshake.
* * * *
We all agreed to meet up at the train tracks where we began our walk. But first, we only had about two hours to get ready. Once Chris and I walked up to the side of our house, we hesitated. "Mom better be home." I started climbing up through the bedroom window and jumped. Once Chris and I were both in his ratty tatty room, we paused to look at each other again. "If Mom isn't home, you're telling Dad." I said, poking my brother's shoulder. Fear started building up in my chest, it always did every time I stepped foot into the building we called home. It really sucked you know, us two being afraid of home because out parents were shit.