
I would like you to know, that some might think Theresa should not be able to get Denny's cap back. But in that scene where Eyeball took it from Gordie, my heart broke for him. Because he should at least permanently keep something that was special to Denny. (Besides it's a small detail at the end of the story). If anyone has a problem with that, I'm sorry.
Vote please!
(Chris Chambers up top).
* * * * * *
As the three of us waited by the Castle Rock gate, Teddy decided at that moment to join us. He was obviously excited, bounding up and exclaiming, "Are the the soldiers ready?" he didn't wait for an answer. "Great! Let's go!"
"Hold it there Captain!", I joked, yanking him back by the collar of his green shirt. "We're missin' a soldier."
"I'm here!", a voice yelled out, and we turned to find Vern running at his full speed. "Sorry I'm late," he said, his breath coming in gasps. "My mom wanted me to double check everything."
"Escaping Mother's grasp, eh?" I teased, and he scowled as the rest of us laughed. "I'm just playin' with ya," I said, giving him a noogie. "It's nice knowin' at least one of us has got a decent family."
He smiled. "Yeah. I guess you're right."
That being said, we walked down the street, leaving Castle Rock behind as we neared a hill. Atop came the train tracks, or as I mentally called it, "The Yellow Brick road."
Chris bounded forwards. "Hey I brought a pistol!" He waved it around as we hauled ourselves up the hill. "Hawked it from my dad."
"Lemme see," Teddy said in awe, hands becoming grabby grabby. But Chris wouldn't let him, which was probably wise since we'd get ourselves killed trusting Teddy with a gun.
"Oh, Gordie shot a garbage can today," Chris reenacted the scene behind the diner, and we all laughed. I playfully nudged Lachancey boy in the side, who scowled.
"I didn't know it was loaded," he defended himself, throwing his hands up in surrender.
Vern gave Chris a skeptical look as we neared the tracks. "Well, what do we need a pistol for anyway?"
My brother scowled. "It's spooky sleeping out at night in the woods," he said as we formed some relative line across the train tracks. "We might see a bear - or a garbage can." Chris pat Gordie on the shoulder and the boy looked down, embarrassed as we all shared a laugh.
"I brought a comb." Vern said, showing us the comb from his shirt pocket.
"What do we need a comb for?" Chris frowned, bemused. I gave him a look. "What?"
Vern shrugged. "Well, if we get on TV, we wanna look good don't we?"
A sudden image appeared in my head, all five of us looking shaggy while on the screen. I smirked. "Genius."
"That's a lot of thinkin', Vern." Gordie congratulated.
"Thanks."
He flinched randomly as Teddy feigned a punch to his face. "Two for flinching," he said and punched Vern's arm, twice.
"Ow!" Vern scowled.
Honestly, Teddy never gave him a flipping chance.
So, I feigned a punch at Duchamp. "Two for flinching," I smirked, eyebrow raised, punching his shoulder twice, everyone laughed. He scowled, knowing exactly what I was indicating.
We halted right at the beginning of the train bridge, looking out, wondering, curiosity eating at our stomachs.