
But they kept on coming.
A wail broke the silence, followed by sobs.
It took awhile to realize, it was me.
"Tess!" Chris, who was ahead of our group ran back to me, and I realized I had fallen slightly behind everyone else. "Sis, what's the matter? Talk to me!" His tone, usually calm, was now hard and tense, frantic even.
But for some reason I couldn't talk. I tried (honest to god I tried), but my chokes clogged my throat, jumbling my words into strange mumbles. My twin's arm wrapped around my shoulders, and I collapsed to the ground, pulling him with me, not caring if a train came or not.
"You guys go on," Chris demanded. "We'll catch up."
"Ya sure?" Teddy asked, and proceeded forward at his leader's nod.
Once the others were at a safe distance, Chris's attention turned back to me. "Theresa, what's wrong?" he whispered fervently.
Through my bleary sight, I sensed another form sitting beside me. It was Gordon, despite Chris's orders to leave. He said nothing, but waited patiently for my answer, his knee touching mine.
If you ask me now, I wouldn't know the answer to why I was crying. Was it the bloody mangled body? The unfortunate coincidence with Ace? The leeches? Jumping off a bridge? The kiss? Teddy and Vern's squabbling? Honestly, I didn't know. Perhaps it was all of it, all the pressure building up to a breaking point. I was only twelve back then, and now, thinking back, I had been through a lot, tolerated a lot, lived through a lot.
Chris was still whispering, "Talk to me. Talk to me."
"I...I don't know," I managed to finally mutter, gasping, choking on my own tears. "I just - wanna be home."
Heaving a sigh, Chris pulled me into his embrace, and said, "We will soon, I promise." After a moment, he hauled us both up, letting me lean on his side as we walked the way back to Castle Rock.
* * * *
Our feet tired, sauntering under the welcoming gate, everyone stopped. I breathed slowly, in and out, in and out, in and out.
It was a little past five o'clock, Sunday morning.
We had been gone for only two days, but somehow the town seemed smaller, stuffier, not so special anymore. I finally let go of Chris's side, balancing on my own two feet.
No one knew what to say, but this time the silence was peaceful.
I cherished the moment until Vern spoke.
"Well, see you in school," he said, shuffling his feet.
"Yeah."
Teddy gave a little wave, "See ya in Junior High."
We watched as Vern sauntered off. Barely getting a few feet, he leaned down and picked something off the street. "A penny," he cheered, and walked off.
I shook my head, amused. Vern Tessio seemed happier after the trip, almost braver. I silently wished him good.
"Well guys," Teddy announced. "I better get home before my mother puts me on the Ten Most Wanted list." Slightly chuckling to himself, he began to slump away, then stopped, turned, and muttered, "Hey, Chris - no hard feelings, okay?" His face for once, looked vulnerable.
"No way, man," Chris replied softly.
Teddy Duchamp walked along the street, singing "Have Gun Will Travel". The rest of us listened until we could here him no more.