
He sighed, clenching his fingers around the soil. "I try not to think of him, but he always comes up during the night." With his voice shaking, he added, "And my dreams have been repeating themselves, each night's the same."
I had the impulse to ask him what his dreams were about, but instead, I asked, "What do you think your life would've been like if you weren't born a Lachance?"
"I'm not sure," he said after a pause. "Because, well, you see I really do love my family." He shrugged, swiping his fallen bangs to the side. "Guess I wouldn't have to endure all the pressure of a recently passed away brother if I wasn't a Lachance."
He went quiet again, so I thought of another question to keep him talking. Maybe it was because I didn't like his answer, or maybe it was because I didn't want the moment to end. Either way, I asked again, "Okay...what if you still lost a brother, but wasn't a Lachance." He stiffened, and I held my breath.
Closing his eyes for a moment, I was positive he would begin to cry. But to my surprise, a small smile stretched his lips. "It - it depends," he began. "If my father wasn't like mine, but still caring, I guess he would give me the attention I needed...and my mother wouldn't ignore me, you know. But if my father was exactly like mine, then I guess there wouldn't be much of a difference." He continued to smile, but his smile or happier mood didn't seem to lift mine.
The truth was, back then, most regular families had a strict father and a mother that followed his orders. Now I'm not saying every order, but most orders. Every family that had a sibling that was their parent's favorite was always put onto the higher step or light. And even if that sibling passed away, still, every family would ignore the other child.
It just how it was back then, but I kept my mouth shut after Gordie's response. Maybe he was right, maybe it didn't have to be so unfair. But the percentage of luck that came with a fair family was small.
"What about you?" the boy asked me. "How would your life be different if you weren't born a Chamber?"
I blinked twice, clearing my head from all thought to focus on his question. Remember when I said how most, regular families were the same? Well most families didn't have drunk parents to live with, so obviously the result would have been quite different if I wasn't a Chamber. "I'd be happier," I began with a sigh, mimicking Gordie's small smile. "Much happier," and a laugh bubbled from my throat. "My grades would obviously be higher, and I wouldn't have to live in fear at home. I'd have a caring mother who would look out for me and a strict father to push or motivate me to finish my goals, and - "
I stopped my babbling, a realization forming at the front of my mind, making my smile disappear. "And," I proceeded to say, "I would have different friends."
Lachance's eyes widened. "Yeah, yeah and you would probably hang out with the popular girls at school," he said. "Wow, your life would be really different..." he trailed off in awe.
The wind blew in our direction, making me scoot closer to him, almost pressing my side against his. I thought he would recoil, but instead, he didn't move. "I wouldn't even think about speaking to you, Teddy, Chris or Vern. Gee my attitude would even be different." The thought of me acting all prissy like the popular girls brought up unpleasant thoughts, I shivered.
"We probably wouldn't have even met," he said, troubled.
"And where would you four be without me?" I playfully jabbed his side, easing up the tension.
This made him laugh and squirm. "We'd have our heads in the dumpsters," he joked, making us both laugh.