
Finally some time between our two favorite characters.
And remember to vote.
* * * * * *
I had silently cried myself to sleep once more, and my dreams were shifty and unclear.
One moment we were being attacked by Ray Brower and the next we were jumping off the bridge, splashing into the ice cold water. Then my dream took a full turn and I was staring at Gordie's light brown eyes. We weren't very close, but close enough. He smiled playfully and then ran off, glancing over his shoulder like he was expecting me to give chase, though I didn't.
"Tess...Theresa!" a voice whispered above me and I heaved up, almost colliding into Chris's head.
"Whoa sis! Calm down." Chris whispered and shoved Dad's gun into my hand. "You're on watch."
I held the gun limply, not paying much attention to what my brother had just said. The darkened sky and glowing fire confirmed that it was still night. A slight breeze chilled the air as it whipped through our hair and tingled down our backs. Vern, Teddy, even Gordie had gone back to sleep. I was a little shaken from my sudden awakening, and trembled from head to toe.
Chris set his hand upon my shoulder. "Hey sis, you okay?" he noticed my confused scowl and inquired, "What's wrong?"
Honestly I wasn't so sure.
It was probably about my dreams or the sudden unfamiliar feeling of the woods. Either one wasn't very comforting.
"N-nothing." I stammered and shook my head to clear it. "Go back to sleep," I snapped and my brother tossed me the evil eye before shuffling back to his bedroll.
My legs felt stiff and a bit numb as I stumbled up to the guard tree, my breathing a bit shallow as the warm, humid, summer air filled my lungs. I sat down, back against the tree, gun hanging by a loose grip. The dark night sky was clear, and you could see almost every single little star. Suddenly a feeling of excitement raced through me and I found myself seeking out constellations. A small laugh erupted from my lips before I could stop it and familiarity warmed my heart.
Then a twig snapped and I whirled around, startled as I cocked the gun between the intruder's shocked eyes.
"You dodged death by a hair Lachance." I fervently whispered, heart pounding from shock.
For a moment, we just stood there, frozen, until Gordie asked politely, "C - could you please lower the gun, Tess," he stammered, skeptically eyeing the barrel.
With trembling hands, I lowered the gun. "Sorry," I muttered, looking down at the ground in embarrassment before settling back against the tree. Taking a deep breath, I managed to somewhat relatively calm my thumping chest. "Just a little on edge I guess."
"No kidding," He chuckled, shrugging his shoulders before sitting beside me. "Something on your mind?" He dug his hands into the soil, enjoying the feel of it weaving through his fingers. It seemed he had forgotten the fiery tension he had for me just hours ago. I was hoping he had, not wanting to argue or fight anymore.
I watched him for a second before answering. At that moment, the boy sitting beside me looked younger, innocent, even a bit curious. It was a comforting sight. "Dreams."
"Huh?"
I rolled my eyes, amused. "You asked why I was up, and I said 'dreams'. Plus I'm on guard duty."
"Oh, right." His voice seemed to fade, and he buried his hands further into the ground.
Scooting closer to try and steal some body heat, I said, "Something on your mind, Lachance?" The look in his eye said that his mind wasn't 100% in the present, and I had a hutch. "You miss Denny don't you?"