
A.J's POV
BING!!
BING!!
BING!!
CRUNCH!!
I opened my eyes to see my same apartment. I know l know your probably thinking 'why does she live in an apartment,if she's an assassin'. Because I move around alought. I'm leaving Del Rio tonight. I was suppose to leave a long time ago,but werewolfs are loyal to there Alfa. But he still hasn't met me ( evil laugh and grinne.) If your wondering no,I don't work alone. I work with my father,Robert and my brother Stephen. My mother was murdered by werewolfs and vampires they were working together and I still don't know why. When one of the headquarters men came to my house,and told us the news. I promised myself three things.
1)Don't let them see you cry.
2)Become a legend.
3)Find the werewolfs and vampires who killed my mother,and make them wish they NEVER layed an eye on my mother.
I sat up and got my computer. Why do I have my computer? Well a few years ago I put video cameras all around my father's house, brothers house, and headquarters. Why? Well my father because he's old, my brother just to make sure he doesn't get attack and I like to ruin his surprise, headquarters because they might stab us in the back...you never know. I opened my computer and logged into my father's house. Of course he would still be asleep, it's only 2am, lazy old man. Then I logged into my brothers, he not home, good that means he's at the vault.........Oh shit!! I'm spouse to be in the vault.
I got up and got my tight but comfortable black pants. I put on my comeback shoes and slid my silver knife in my right shoe. I put on my tan-top with my black leather jacket and put my three guns ,one behind my back,second one is in my left shoe ,third one is my mini one but could take you out in a flash. That one is in my belt. Yes,I said 'in my belt' ,well I have secret pockets on my belt. With things I need of course. I locked my apartment door and jumped on my motorcycle and left to the vault.
Hope you guys love this chapter. If you do then your going to love the second I'll make the chapter very soon.
ENJOY!!