
What is his problem? I mentally shrieked, but kept my mouth shut. In a way, I already knew the answer. Duchamp had to keep the heavy burden of a mentally ill father on his shoulders, and the rumors whispered behind his back didn't help one bit. I knew he felt that proving himself as someone's regular son was the best way he could deal with all the pressure - and not just some regular boy, but a ruler, leader of some kind as well. Still, doesn't mean he gets to be a wet end, I added.
* * * *
We walked on until a mother nature decided to add a strip of dirty looking water that had been laid out before us. Chris and I looked back and forth, up and around; there were no signs of bridges or other shortcuts anywhere.
"How are supposed to get across this?" Vern's shrill voice broke the silence.
"We'll use you as a raft," Teddy joked, smirking.
"Very funny," Vern scrunched his nose, voice dripping with sarcasm.
Ignoring their banter, I looked up at the trees towering over us. "We could build a raft," I suggested, but the look all for boys gave me was a clear no. "Oh-okay then," I said.
Chris reached over to a nearby tree, breaking off a thin branch and stabbed the end of it into the water. "Hey," he said brightly, "it's not that deep. We can walk across."
Giving a silent thanks, we all took two steps into the shallow muddy water then - splash!
I was too shocked to speak, my limbs frozen. Even though the water only came up to our chests, the splash we had made washed over our heads, leaving us sopping wet. Second time I get drenched...joy, I mentally thought, cursing under my breath. Glancing around, I noticed the others' frustrating scowl.
"Told you we should've stuck to the tracks," Vern muttered darkly, spitting out a mouthful of water.
Teddy turned to him, looking ridiculous with his bangs plastered to his forehead. "Is it just me," he started, narrowing his eyes. "Or are you the world's biggest pussy?"
"Duchamp!" I snapped, rounding on him but his attention was fixed on Vern, who feigned a smile.
The boy spat, "I suppose this is fun for you," Vern said, having enough of his "friend's" harassments.
"No," Teddy said, tone dry, stating the obvious. "But this is." And he lunged, pushing Vern's head under water, not once, but a few times.
Rolling my eyes at his immaturity, I grasped his shoulders and yanked him off of Vern, who was sputtering. "You're crazy!" I shouted, but he just shook me off, pushing a wet hand in my face. I spit in anger. "You're disgusting!"
"Come on Teddy, act your age!" Chris demanded, pulling me back towards Gordie, who was watching the scene, silently observing.
Looking back, I noticed Vern start to smile, like he was actually enjoying the moment. These boys were so confusing! Fed up once again with their bullshit, I slowly made my way unnoticed across the stream, leaving the boys to their own fun, their shouts ringing through my ears.
"This is my age!" Teddy exclaimed, excited. "I'm in the prime of my youth. And I'll only be young once!"
"Yeah," Chris smirked, suddenly playful. "But you're gonna be dumb for the rest of your life."
Vern smiled, showing all his teeth. "Ha ha, rank out!"
Teddy grinned, taking off his glasses. "Oh that's it, Chambers! You die, Chambers! Get him, get him Vern!" They all started to splash around, having fun.