
His stance was stiff, eyes ablaze with an invisible fire as energy raced through him. "I'm not going back," he stated darkly, and turned, leading us out of the forest.
We followed suit.
"Idiot," I heard Teddy taunt in Vern's ear, making my insides squirm.
"Shut up, retard," Vern snapped back.
I whirled around, walking back towards them with a scowl. "Could you two just can it? For once?"
"You're not the boss of us," Duchamp retorted before Vern could even mutter a sound.
"Well I might have to if ya assholes keep this up," I snarled, taking a step closer so we were nose to nose. "We're going to finish this journey without another squabble, you dig me?"
We held each other's glare, daring the other to look away first, until finally, Teddy glanced down muttering, "Fine."
I smirked, satisfied before jogging up ahead to walk beside my brother.
* * * *
Minutes later, we found ourselves out of the forest and back along the tracks. The trees surrounding us were a lush Kelly green, and the blue sky shone through their branches. Even the air seemed to cool down despite the hot summer day. The mood around us even seemed to brighten, and we tried to relax.
Everyone, except Lachance.
Glancing his way, the wind blowing his bangs aside, I noticed his back stiffen, steps relatively choppy.
"Gordie?" I asked from Chris's side. "You okay?"
He sighed, pausing. "Yeah." I thought he would say more, but didn't besides a quick stern, "Let's keep moving." I shared a worried glance with my brother before proceeding to move forwards.
And then we slowed our steps, coming to a halt at an opening passage leading off the tracks.
"Teddy?" Gordie asked.
"Yeah?"
"Is this the Back Harlow Road?"
"Yeah."
The mood was tense once more, unspoken words passing between us.
"That Brower kid must be around here someplace," Chris cracked the silence with a heavy sigh. "Teddy, you and Vern watch the left side of the tracks, we'll take the right."
Splitting up, Chris, Gordie, and I looked among the brush. This is gonna take awhile, I thought but was interrupted by Vern's desperate cry. "There he is! I see him! Look! Look over there!" He pointed out away and down a few yards. Rushing to his side, we looked out to where he gestured - sure enough, you could see a body under some bushes.
I was suddenly shoved to the side, bonking into Vern before glaring at Chris who was far up ahead (hence the shove). "It's not a race ya know!" I shouted before running after him. All five of us stopped before the body, just staring in shock.
Then Chris, with trembling fingers took a branch and shakily pulled the brambles aside.
Right before me, lay the missing body of Ray Brower.
A few patches of skin looked like they had been scraped off. His nose and forehead were bloody, and I looked aside, only to see his Keds hanging from a few brush branches nearby. Oh god, I gulped. Hit out of his shoes.
Taking a few steps back, I sat down on a long tree trunk that was perched nearby. I stared at the body, his eyes staring back into mine. They were so empty...