
Gordie, Chris, and I walked along until we finally stood under the tree house, thoughtful, hopeful, silent. We stood on that little hill, the dried grass crunching beneath our feet, looking out over the brush at Castle Rock.
"I'm never gonna make it out of this town, am I, Gordie?" Chris muttered, his voice sad and wistful.
Gordie turned towards his best friend. "You can do whatever you want, man," he replied, voice soft, eyes dark. The wind blew, brushing his bangs, which had fallen over the trip, to the side.
"Yeah," Chris chuckled. "Gimme some skin." The two brushed the palms of their hands.
As they stepped back, Gordie said, "I'll see you."
My brother smirked knowingly, playfulness returning in his eyes, the sun making him seem to almost glow. "Not if I see you first." And he turned, walking back towards home, happier than before.
Silence.
"Aren't you leaving?" Gordie asked, glancing my way before returning his sight back onto the town.
I shook my head, shaking off some pieces of black hair that stuck to my face. The sun beat down on my shirt, and I was more than hot already. "Not yet." I said, walking over to Lachance's side until I was almost brushing his shoulder. The two of us just stood there, looking over the hill.
"Gordie?"
"Yeah?"
"Promise me, when you become an author, you'll write about us, ya dig?"
There was a pause in the air. I held my breath.
"I dig."
We smiled, watching the other until Gordie stepped a bit closer, and brushed his lips across my cheek. My smile grew.
"You better get going, or Chris will have my ass," he whispered.
I laughed pulling him into a hug. "See ya at school."
"Yeah."
And I let him go, following my brother's footsteps home. When I looked up, I realized Chris had only walked about two to three blocks before waiting patiently for me. As I approached, his expression was impassive, but I could see the laughter in his eyes.
"Shut up," I stated.
"Will do," he replied.
We walked home, arm around one another's shoulders until we reached the front door.
Oh! If you're wondering, the Yankees ball cap was never found - until twelve years later.