
"STOP IT!"
We all froze, surprised at Gordie's sudden outcry.
Let me explain.
After the leech incident, I waited nearby as the boys got dressed, and we quietly talked amongst ourselves. Gordie however, after throwing on his clothes decided to steal some time for himself. He was resting with his back against a tree, his expression solemn and focused, his mind miles and miles away.
"Maybe we should take Gordie back," my brother muttered, glancing towards Lachance, the boy's silence making him worry.
"Should we?" I asked, "after all this time? Look how far we've come."
But Chris shook his head. "No. I was asking for you to take him." He turned towards me, eye's almost pleading.
"What?" I exclaimed. "No, I'm not turning back." Even though the idea of spending time alone with Lachance made my heart flutter, I was determined to see Brower's body before anything now. Something was pulling me toward it, yearning for me to see it.
"Please Tess?"
"No, why don't you do it?"
Chris paused, glaring. "Fine," he sneered. "If you're gonna be so stubborn, I'll take him back."
But Teddy was not pleased. Whatever his problem was, he just had the nerve to make things worse. "Oh great Chambers, now you're turning pussy too!"
I opened my mouth, but Chris beat me to it.
"What's your problem Duchamp," Chris said, his voice rising. "He had a leech hanging from his balls - he fainted!"
Teddy took a daunting step closer. "What are you? His mother?"
"Eat shit!"
"You eat shit!"
"Hey, hey, hey!" Vern stepped in, thrusting his arms out to separate the two boys. "I think Chris is right, let's go back."
Teddy rounded on him. "Oh, ha ha what a surprise," he said, voice dripping with sarcasm. "The King of the pussies wants to go back too!"
"Shut the fuck up, Duchamp!" I snapped, but he didn't hear me, the two were locked in.
"Stop calling me that?" Vern exclaimed, hurt.
"What," Teddy replied innocently. "Pussy?"
"Stop it!"
"Pussy."
"Stop..."
"Pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy!"
Vern lost it. "You four eyed psycho!"
He lunged, managing to straddle Duchamp's body while slugging him over and over again. "Two for flinching," Vern hollered. "You like that, huh, Teddy? You like that? Two for flinching!"
I had never seen Vern in such a wild state, none of us have for that matter. It was like something in him finally snapped, and he was taking everything all out on his tormentor. To be honest, I was proud of him for finally standing up for himself, but the struggle I saw before me had to stop before someone broke a limb.
"Come on, break it up!" Chris grabbed Vern's shoulders, pushing him off of Teddy, but no sooner had he done that did Vern round on him as well.
Fed up with their immaturity, I lunged, and found myself surrounded by a mash of punching fists and kicking feet. A situation I've been in way too many times, I was so used to it.
So when Gordie's cry rang out of the blue, we all froze, remembering he was still quietly waiting by the side.