
"Twenty-five."
"Twenty-two."
Gordie shouted in disgust. "Piss up a rope." Brushing off the rest of our laughs he went to go sit and read a magazine.
Teddy was still cackling. "Gordie's out! Ole' Gordie just bit the bag and stepped out the door!" Duchamp's nose crinkled, his eyes squinting, filled with laughter.
"Dude," I said in Gordie's defense, my tone dry."You laugh like a hyena, know that?"
He kept laughing.
Chris tapped the table with impatience. "Come on man, deal." Teddy dealt the cards, snorting.
"Hey Theresa," he giggled.
I scoffed. "What?"
"Stopped wrapping up your tits yet?" everyone laughed, and I felt warmth creep up my neck. When you hang out with four boys, and you're the only girl with them, you tend to cover up any womanly features as possible. But since the year before when wrapping my tits became a useless point, I had indeed stopped.
Thinking quickly, I retorted. "Not for you though." I was going to add the words "see for yourself." But that would've been stupid, real stupid,
"Oooh." Chris and Gordie chorused, and Teddy scowled as three of us continued our game.
"I knock."
Chris glared. "You four-eyed pile of shit."
"The pile of shit has a thousand eyes." Teddy drawled, eyes wide.
I caught Chris and Gordie's eyes. We cracked up. Sometimes Teddy had the weirdest comebacks.
"What?" he said, confused. "What's so funny? Come on I've got thirty, what have you got?" he said, focusing back on the game.
"Nineteen."
Chris couldn't stop laughing. "Sixteen," he giggled, head down in embarrassment.
Teddy shook his head in frustration. "Go ahead, keep laughing," he taunted. "You're down to your last ride, pal." He heaved in, then breathed out smoke. My brother was still laughing.
He and I came from a bad family. They were always drinking, didn't have a care for us. Even our elder brother, Eyeball we called him, was sick. And I don't mean sick like cool sick. No man, he was one of the most disturbing, sickest, human beings I knew living on planet earth. He was part of ole' Ace's gang, and with his slicked back black hair and pale skin, he looked tough, fit in right well with the hoods.
My name's Chambers, Theresa Chambers, everyone calls me Tess though. I have Eyeball's raven black hair that reached down passed my shoulders and pale skin. I'm not as bad as people mouth off, but since I hang around with these lovable assholes, and my family's screwed, tough reputation spreads real fast around here. Same with Chris, his reputation was worse than mine though, (kudos for being a girl).
He was tough, and sometimes would screw up, but he wasn't like Eyeball, or Dad, or Mom, or even me. He didn't even share Eyeball's and my looks; no he had fair skin and cut short blonde hair like our mother. Since we all had to deal with shit at home, us three kids would take it out on our social lives, and not in the best way possible. Eyeball joined ole' Ace's gang, I took it out on cussing people to hell. But Chris, no, he traded violence and cruelty with peace and tenderness.
It sounds crazy, but he's real tender, especially with the people he's closest to. I see it every time he looks at me, and especially Gordie, like he's so afraid he'll break the thread of friendship. But what's ironic, is the thread of friendship between him and Gordie is as thick as the tree holding us four up.