
"Mom do I have to go to Tennessee? I mean there are places here in California that deal with teenage girls and I'm a teenage girl." I was packing my bags for the summer. I can't believe she is shipping me off to my dad."Yes you have to go, you need time away from California. You will never learn your lesson if you stay. Your dad and I agreed on having you go to his house for the summer. He said you will work in the barn and in the house. Also your grandpa Jack misses you, so does your aunt Krystal. Don't forget that your sisters Amy and Lou are there too. They miss you a lot, so give me all your electronics. If your leaving your going off the grid." She held out her hand and I put my phone and tablet in it. "But you can keep your laptop to video chat me and Brad." She said. Brad is my step dad. He has been here since I was 15 and was still dealing with moving. My mom is also pregnant with his baby, so he is like more of a dad than my dad is. That's because when I left my dad forgot all about me and kept his focus on Amy and Lou. "Mom do you know where my boots are. I think I lost them." I yelled while digging through my closet. "No I threw them out. We have to get new ones." She yelled back. Great more money to be speant. "I'm done packing." I said while walking into the living room. "Okay Brad is backing the car in to make is easier to put the bags in the trunk." She was pacing around and looking everywhere for something."Mom what are you looking for?" I asked as she started digging in the couch."I lost my sunglasses. Have you seen them?" She asked while putting the coushins back in place. I started laughing. "What?""They are on your head." I said, pointing at her head. She took them off her head and started walking to the door. I grabbed my stuff and started taking it to the car. Brad got the rest. Sitting in the back, I took out my I pod and put music on. It was gonna take a while to get to Tennessee.After a while of playing games I looked out the window and drifted off to sleep.