
I sneered at her words. Hell we were mature enough. Even more mature than you two! I mentally cried, but kept my mouth shut. If opened, I might have just cursed them to hell.
"Go, get out of my sight," my mother snapped. Those words were all it took for Chris and I to bound up the stairs.
Once we reached my bedroom, we stopped to take a breather. "Jesus Christ, he was gonna slap you!" I protested as Chris slumped down on my bed. "He's never laid a figure on us before."
My brother laid down on his back. "I know," he said, "but Dad won't hesitate if Mom's not around." Nodding, I slumped down beside him. The two of us just lay there, trying to wrap our mind across what to do until Chris said, "We gotta pack, let's role." He hauled himself up, striding towards his room, a spring in his step, guaranteed he was looking forward to our little trip.
It took about seven minutes to pack up my bed roll, and a canteen of water. Looking atop my dresser, I found four quarters randomly scattered about. They were soon stuffed in my jean's pocket. At first I thought about food, then realized my family couldn't afford any food being stolen. We were somewhat lower middle class, but with my parents drinking and all, food was scares.
"Ya ready?" Chris's head popped around the door frame, seemingly impatient.
I nodded. "Can't wait to get outta this hell hole."
* * * *
Not wanting to walk the whole ways, Chris managed to snag a truck hauling some barrels of hay. The driver reluctantly agreed to allow us a ride since he too, was driving out of town. Before we knew it, my brother and I were riding on the back of a truck, sitting on top of the haystacks.
About five minutes later, I spotted Lachance walking along the sidewalks, wearing some Yankees ball cap. "Hey look," I said, nudging my brother's side. "Gordie."
"Hey Chris, Tess." Gordie greeted us, and my stomach did a little flip.
We jumped off the truck, giving our thanks before the truck drove off. "Sure thing. No problem kids," the driver said and swerved back onto the streets.
"Gordo!", Chris energetically greeted and slung his arm around his best friend's shoulder. I was soon walking behind them, feeling like the third wheel. So I jogged around, at least wanting to represent the captain leading my army into battle.
"Hey man." Gordie said, though his voice was quieter, and he sounded almost sad.
"Dude, you okay?" I asked him, turning to walk backwards, watching his reaction. But he just shrugged. I sighed, that was all I was getting out of the boy. "Okay." I said, turning back to face forwards.
A quiet pause followed, until Chris broke the silence. "You wanna see something?"
"Sure, what is it?" Gordie asked, obviously occupied, albeit, he snapped out of it. "What?"
Chris picked up his pace, running by me. "Come on man," he shouted and we followed. I for once not knowing what he was talking about. Gordie and I ran after him, both of us yelling out questions.
We rounded a corner, right behind a diner. 'What the hell have you been up to?" I asked, not caring how impatient my tone was.
But Chris didn't respond. Instead, he forced a hand into his bedroll, pulling out - Dad's gun holy shit, I thought. But my brother and Gordie were too excited to even care about the consequences. "You wanna be the Lone Ranger, or the Cisco Kid?" Chris asked, handing the gun over to Gordie, who was staring at it in wonder.