
(Vern Tessio up top).
Oh readers would you please vote?
There's a dirty joke written in this chapter ;)
* * * * *
"Maybe it shouldn't be a party."
Gordie's words echoed in my head. The truth of his words about finding Brower's body had sort of stabbed my heart. What was worse, Vern had to add on to the dread, describing how bloody and broken the body might look. (Chris had lost it, telling him to shut up).
We were walking along the tracks again, and I balanced on the track's edge, arms out, pretending I was a five year old girl, imagining myself on a balance beam. Some few yards up ahead, Vern and Teddy were singing Lollipop while few yards behind me, was my brother and good ole' Gordo.
I realized how many special moments would fill this adventure. How every second I should cherish, and live in the moment. There were so many options on how to live in these moments, I wasn't sure which or what to do. But I decided to let things flow, allowing them to head my way. So in this moment of somewhat independence, I let my my mind wander.
School.
It was sort of a depressing thought since it was coming right around the corner. School didn't bore me, it was the kids at school that made me want to punch a wall from frustration and cry.
But I could not cry.
This was because for awhile, I've had to put a guard up, protecting my emotions, though by that time, I could feel it slipping, and it terrified me.
I never wanted to build a wall, it just had on it's own. I assumed it was because of the shit I had dealt with at home and all the harassing I got at school. The guard just made it easier for me to ignore all the negativity and focus more on what was important.
And what was important to me, was the four boys I got to hang out with. Everyday, I would look forward to meeting up with them at the tree house. Because there, we could be whoever or whatever we wanted to be, and no one could tell us what to do or that it was immature. We ruled Castle Rock in that tree house, it was our only escape.
"Fuck writing!"
I swirled around to see Chris and Gordie in a heated, yet heart to heart talk. My mind told me to get in their business and argue with Lachance, but my heart told me not to. Instead, I decided to go see what Vern and Teddy were talking about.
"You don't know nothin'." Teddy was saying as I jogged up behind them. "Mighty Mouse is a cartoon and superman is a real guy. No way Mighty Mouse could beat up a real guy."
I shook my head, these guys could be real thick. "Actually Duchamp," I said, bringing some attitude to my voice. "I hate to break it to ya, but Superman is a comic book. Therefore, not, and I repeat, not a real guy."
Ha!" Vern said and gave me a high-five.
Teddy scowled, whirling around to face me. "No! Superman is a real guy, and you can't prove a thing."
"Can you prove he's real?" I retorted, scoffing in amusement.
Crazy boy narrowed his eyes, looking for an answer. "No," he echoed, "but he is real. I just know it."
I shook my head, smirking. But decided not to reason with him, logic was not going to help him anyhow. Perhaps what Duchamp needed was a hero, and Superman was going to save him and instead of this crazy, wild, dangerous, lousy old life, give him powers and he could live as a superhero himself.
Vern suddenly turned around to yell at the two slow pokes lagging behind us. "Come on you guys, let's get moving!"