
"Yeah by the time we get there, the kid won't even be dead anymore." Teddy called and I pushed his head. "What?"
"Teddy," I said with a feigned smile. "Shut up."
* * * *
Next thing I know, the train tracks neared a bridge that crossed a river. We had a couple of choices, ignore the bridge and take the long way around, or go across the bridge which was quickest, yet held a slighter chance of death.
Vern looked about. "Anyone know when the next train is due?"
Chris shook his head, "We could go 'round to the Route 136 bridge," he suggested. But Teddy shook his head.
"What? Are you crazy?" he protested, hand out in gesture. "That's five miles down the river. You walk five miles down the river that's five miles back." He sighed. "That could take 'till dark. If we walk across here we could get to the same place in ten minutes."
I disagreed with the choice of crossing the bridge though, it was too dangerous. "Yeah but Teddy - "I began but he cut me off.
"What Theresa? Scared?" he taunted.
Honestly in those moments, I could have soaked him or cussed him to hell.
It seemed like I wasn't the only one who disagreed. "If the train comes, there's nowhere to go." Vern said.
"No there isn't." Teddy said. "We'll just jump."
"Teddy, that's a hundred feet." Chris argued, scowling in objection.
"Look," Teddy stubbornly argued. "You guys can go around if you want. I'm crossing here. And while you guys are dragging your candy-asses halfway across the state and back, I'll be relaxing, on the other side, with my thoughts."
Gordie suddenly smirked, raising an inquisitive eyebrow. "You use your left or right hand for that?"
I gave an unladylike snort, laughing.
Teddy stopped. "You wish," and proceeded to cross the bridge.
As the others slowly followed, Chris and then Vern after, I turned to Gordie, who was feeling the railings for vibrations. "This is a horrible idea." I said as he got up to follow the others. "We just wasted half our time arguing, and now the train's closer."
"We should be fine." Gordie replied, though in his voice, was a tinge of concern.
Being the last to follow, I reluctantly set foot on the bridge, and even though I weighed less than my brother, the boards still creaked and groaned beneath my feet. All my senses heightened, and it seemed like I could suddenly hear everything. The water far below me, the boards beneath my feet, the call of random birds. What was worse, was the sun seemed to shine right on us, making sweat appear upon my forehead, and I swiped the droplets away with the back of my hand. About halfway across the bridge, just few feet ahead of me, Vern, who was crawling on his hands and knees, gasped, flopping onto his stomach, reaching out below.
"I lost the comb!"
Gordie snapped. "Forget it Vern."
Vern continued crawling his way across, hoping the boards would not crack beneath his weight.
Lachance checked the railings again, and a hint of a scowl crossed his features. "Gordie?" I asked, my stomach dropping to my feet, and I knew it without him telling me anything.
We both looked back at the same time. Steam from a train was just visible above the treetops.