
Crap.
"He told me how great Denny was." Gordie proceeded, his voice shaking. "How great his football playing skills were. How great of an arm he had, and then he asked me if I played football and I responded no and the look on his face was just so disappointing but I didn't care because he was bringing back unpleasant memories - "
"Gordie!" I stopped his rambling as he came to a halt, my hands upon his shoulders. A sudden urge to just hold him rushed through me, to comfort him until all his worries disappeared. "Listen to me." I brought my hand to touch the underside of his chin, bringing his eyes to catch my forest green ones. It was then in that moment I realized he had grown a few inches, and I suppressed the warmth creeping up my skin. "You aren't Denny, and I know this is hard," I added quickly as his scowl deepened. "Now I won't say I know how you feel, because I don't, I don't think I'll ever know what it's like to lose a close sibling."
I swallowed, the tension growing again, making me uncomfortable. "But Gordie," I repeated his name, making sure he was really listening, the word smoothly slipping of my tongue. "You were meant for great things. Not as great as Denny and his football skills, but even greater. And if that guy at the register can't see that, then screw him because he doesn't know a damn thing!" I finished fiercely and watched his expression.
Slowly, a small smile spread upon his face.
I swallowed.
And suddenly I was embraced in his grip, his arms hugging my waist. By instinct, my arms wrapped around his neck, like I was keeping him safe from all the negative energy that seemed to work against him. In that moment, I realized just how different the embrace was compared to all other hugs we've given each other. Those were just friendly, reassuring, happy hugs, and we thought nothing of it. But this embrace showed me just how much both of us had matured over the years. The embrace, so different like the rest, was filled with understanding.
"Thanks." Gordie whispered, and his grip tightened.
* * * *
When we arrived back to the junkyard, everyone was gone. "Where is everyone - " My question was cut short as the dreaded cry from Milo screeched through the air.
We ran.
"Sic 'em Chopper!"
I ran faster, forcing my legs to push much harder, climbed the fence, and jumped over, landing on my back. Then everyone burst into fits of laughter, and I turned in bemusement, my gaze falling on Chopper - or mini Chopper I should say.
"That's Chopper?!" Gordie said, breathless beside me.
We looked at each other and laughed, dusting ourselves off and laughing at the small, golden retriever puppy, who was at the moment, biting Teddy's shirt who was saying, "Eat shit Chopper! Bite shit!"
Milo ran towards the fence, pointing an accusing finger at our faces. My mind suddenly turned to Dad, and realized how much Milo looked like him. The only difference was, my father was a lot slimmer. But the same snarl caught unto their lips, same dusty and sweaty skin, same wild look in their eyes, same tone in their angry voices and I was only hearing half the discussion that was currently blowing up between my friends and him because all my thoughts, had turned back to Dad; the one person I was secretly hoping to forget on this trip.
"Fat ass!"
I jerked my head towards Gordie, who had called the outburst, realizing how much discussion I had missed, for the yelling and screaming that had happened, all of it had been distant echoes in my head.