
Well at least this story's gotten a few views, hehe god I'm so embarrassed. If you really are enjoying this, please tell me. I'd really appreciate what you're thinking.
* * * * * *
After eating our delicious, mouth-watering hamburgers, all five of us settled around the campfire that had dimmed down for the night. Chris then handed us each a cigarette, and we had a nice, relaxing smoke. It's funny looking back on it now. I'm surprised four out of five of us didn't grow up to be heavy smokers later on. Teddy was the only one who smoked, day and night.
"Nothin' like a smoke after a meal." Vern said, breathing out a puff of smoke.
I nodded, sentimental. "What I look forward to everyday."
A smirk fell upon Teddy's face. "Yeah, I cherish these moments."
I caught Chris's eye, and we shared a laugh, including Gordie.
"What?!" Teddy protested. "What did I say?"
"Nothin' man," I nonchalantly waved my hand, encouraging him to forget it. It's not like what Teddy said was that funny, it's just he was so guarded and proud of himself all the time. So in those rare moments when his guard was let down, the words that come out from his mouth were just surprisingly touching.
"Hey Gordo." Chris said after a pregnant pause. "Why don't you tell us a story?"
Everyone immediately piped up. "Yeah," I agreed with my brother, nudging Gordie's side with my elbow, who just nudged me back.
"Ah, I don't know." Gordie shrugged, looking a bit bashful.
"Oh come on," Chris and I chorused.
Vern spoke up. "Yeah come on Gordo," he agreed, gesturing with his hands. "But not one of your horror stories okay? I don't wanna hear no horror stories, I'm not up for that."
This made me roll my eyes, and I threw a sneer towards mister chicken over my shoulder. "What else do you expect?" I asked Vern. "We're sitting around a campfire in the middle of the forest, that's a perfect opportunity for horror stories." A persuading whine entered my voice, but Vern wasn't moved. I gave him a glance before turning back to the fire.
"Why don't you tell us about Sgt. Steele," Teddy said after a pause, "and his battling leathernecks." I for once agreed with Duchamp, and gave him a high-five.
But Gorie seemed to have other ideas. He shrugged saying, "Well the one I've been thinking about is kinda different," he started and we all settled into a more comfortable position, eagerly waiting for more. "It's about a pie-eating contest..."
Honestly, my eagerness for a story dissolved right there and then when he said "Pie-eating contest". That night, instead of pie-eating contests, I would have completely enjoyed the thrills and chills of a horror story. Now don't get me wrong, I love listening to Gordie's stories. It's just sometimes they're a little immature for my taste. Chris joked it was because I was a "woman" as he put it and something about girls maturing faster than guys. Though surprisingly, I agreed with dear brother, the logic of his words made complete sense to me.
He even pointed out the maturity level of different books I've stuck my nose into. My love for reading came as a shock to both me and my friends. Since I hung out with the boys and was used to wrestling around and getting dirt caked on my face, there would be times when I came home, and stole a book from Mom's library to read in my room. It was how I found the tranquility in bad, loud, noisy, and irritating days where fate and luck just worked against me. I began to read a book at least one time a month, and those months turned into every two weeks, and then every other day. The habit formed in the beginning of fifth grade.