
Chapter One: Fear
Blam!
The sound of skin meeting drywall made me cringe. He was home, and he certainly didn't sound happy to be. I sighed, running a hand over my face and turning to Sammy. He just stared at me, eyes wide, and I forced a smile. I reached over to pick him up, settling him comfortably on my hip and pressing a light kiss to his forehead as I headed for the stairs. We needed to get out of here. Fast.
"We're okay." I muttered, trying to convince myself more than anyone else. "Everything's fine."
The thudding sound of his booted feet slamming against the floors were getting closer, I had to remind myself to breathe. My heart was racing in my chest, my palms beginning to sweat as the footsteps seemed to echo through the house. Sammy glanced up at me, his little hands fisting onto the front of my shirt, and I reached down to smooth his blonde curls away from his forehead.
"Are we in trouble again?" He asked.
I shook my head. "No, daddy just had a bad day at work honey. We'll be all right."
He nodded, but his lip trembled, telling me that my answer hadn't made him feel any less afraid. He was shivering in my arms, and I was close to shaking like a leaf myself.
"Sammy, I won't ever let anyone hurt you okay?" I whispered, pressing a kiss to his cute little button nose.
He nodded again and this time I could almost see him smiling.
"Do you promise Ree-ree?" He asked, eyes wide with hope now.
I chuckled, tickling his sides and leaning my forehead down to rest against his. "Of course I do Sam, you know what that means right?"
He pretended to be confused for a minute. "Do I get a cupcake if you break it?" He teased.
I smiled, shaking my head and reaching over to ruffle his hair. "Not even close, try again kiddo."
He frowned at me for a minute but it quickly turned to a grin when I made a face in response.
"We're going to be okay aren't we Ree?"
I nodded. "We're going to be fine Sammy. I promised remember?"
He nodded again, looking comically like a bobble head as he went a little overboard with the enthusiasm. "Good, because you never break your promises."
I smiled and tweaked his nose. "Never ever."
He grinned.
"Not when it comes to you Sammy, I don't joke around with your safety kiddo."
He leaned up to kiss my cheek. "I know, you take good care of me Ree."
I chuckled. "And you take even better care of me Sam-I-Am."
He seemed to puff up a little at that. "I'm your brother Ree-ree, that's my job."
I poked his nose. "And you're doing great, okay kiddo? Don't ever let anyone tell you otherwise. But right now it's my job to protect you, so I need you to go upstairs and hide under the bed again, okay?"
He pouted. "But Ree..."
He didn't get a chance to finish.
I gulped at the sight of the worn black boots in front of me and for a minute I forgot how to breathe.
"Sammy?" I whispered.
"Yeah?" He voice quivered, but he didn't cry.
Sammy never cried. He was a strong kid and I envied him for that.