
"I'm going to put you down, and you need to stay behind me okay?"
"But Ri-ri..."
I cut him off. "No buts Sam, as soon as I set you down I want you to run up those stairs and hide. You got it?"
He sighed. "Yes."
"Good boy."
I leaned over and he hopped out of my arms, clinging to the backs of my legs as the shadowy figure in the doorway stepped forward. I didn't bother to try and stop the shaking anymore. My legs felt like jelly beneath me and I wasn't sure how much longer they could hold me up.
"Sammy, now. I need you to run."
He didn't reply, the soft sound of his footsteps pitter-pattering up the stairs was all the answer I needed. I let out a small sigh of relief, Sam would be just fine. It wasn't him that was in trouble anyway. It never was.
"Arielle, what have I told you about leaving the laundry out?" He growled.
I bowed my head, searching for a speck of dirt or a dust bunny, anything to keep my attention focussed solely on the floor below me.
"I'm sorry." I mumbled.
"Excuse me?"
I sighed. Today was going to be one of those days. The ones where nothing that I did would satisfy his anger. There was no use in pacifying him now, it would only make him more furious with me.
"I said I'm sorry." I repeated, a little louder this time.
Slap!
I winced as my cheek began to flush red from the force of the hit, my jaw aching slightly. I didn't bother moving a hand to rub it, he would only slap me again for that. And besides, I didn't really deserve any kind of relief, this pain was brought on by another one of my mistakes. I had earned it.
"I didn't ask you for an apology." He spat out. "I asked you what I said about the laundry."
I didn't reply, afraid of making things worse.
He growled impatiently. "Well? Answer me girl!"
"You told me not to leave it lying out in case it rained." I replied, barely containing the tears.
One slipped out and he flipped.
"Are you crying? Oh god, not again. What are you, a girl? Get over it, it was only a slap. Grow up already."
I nodded, trying to push the others back but it was futile. I was too afraid to do much besides stand frozen in place and try to keep breathing.
"Get a grip on yourself Arielle, you're not a child." He ground out. "And I'm getting real tired of your antics here girly."
"I-I..." I managed to choke out.
That was a mistake, one that would end up costing me dearly.
Slap!
"Don't you go crying on me Arielle, you're a big girl now. This is nothing, when I was a kid my papa used to beat me black and blue after practice every day. Said that medals didn't make a man, pain did. He was a wise man your old granddaddy. Made sure that all those football trophies didn't go to my head. He was right, he made me tough. And now it's about time you learned to do the same."
I tried to speak but my lips trembled and I squeaked a little instead.
Now he was furious. His eyes blazed as he took in my shaking frame and barely had time to brace myself for the next slap. This one took my whole head with it.