
Personification: Municipality of Punkaharju, nowadays it and its villages are a part of the city of Savonlinna
Human name: Jarmo Laukkanen (Jarmo is a Finnish version of the Hebrew name "Yirmiyahu", which means "Yahweh has uplifted". It came to Finland in 1899. There's about 75 people with the surname "Laukkanen" in Punkaharju.)
Human and real age: 18 (officially 91 years old)
Gender: Male
Hair colour: Brunette
Eye colour: Aquamarine
Height: 180 cm (5'11")
Languages: Finnish and Russian. Speaks a bit of Swedish, German, Somali and Arabic.
Appearance: Punkaharju is a quite short young man, who has thick eyebrows and pale skin. He has short, brunette hair, that is usually slicked back. On the right side he has an ordinary curl that he calls his eskers. It is still unknown if the curl works as his erogenous zone. Punkaharju's eyes are aquamarine. His appearance is rather different from his siblings, which makes him famous all over the country. He of course is very proud of it.
Punkaharju is often seen wearing a red checked shirt and jeans. He uses his army uniform in meetings. Sometimes he uses glasses for reading.
Personality and interests: Punkaharju is pretty much that one person, who everyone can love. He is sporty, fresh, healthy and usually on a good mood. He is very open and easy to work with, since he doesn't complain about anything and knows how to be polite. He likes to travel a lot and is ready to try everything new. Even if Punkaharju gets along with everyone, he can be really short-tempered with Russians and doesn't like them that much. Some find him irritating, since he is so "perfect". But like everyone, the man has faults in himself. He can't cook nor clean his own mess, which leads to the fact that he mostly just goes from a sibling to an another, eating their food and living in their corners. Punkaharju himself wouldn't ever admit this. Whenever he gets stressed, he starts smoking. Alcohol isn't really a new friend to him and he acts like a foolish teen when he's drunk. Savonranta is one of the only people who can slap him back to reality. Even if Punkaharju isn't as perfect as he let's others think, he can laugh at his own problems and tries his best with keeping up a healthy lifestyle.
He enjoys art and biology greatly and is very intelligent. He sells wood and such to personifications all over Europe. It's almost scary how strict he can be and how easily he can sell pretty much everything. He is one of the few people who can make a Dutchman lower the prize. He is good at making things with his hands and likes to spend his time with crafts. Punkaharju hikes a lot, teaches immigrants and takes care of his forests on his free time and truly loves to help others. Like his older sister Kerimäki, he has learned how to love children.
Relationships:
Sääminki, Kerimäki, Savonlinna and Savonranta
Punkaharju was raised by Sääminki and Kerimäki before he got his independence and became officially a personification. He doesn't mind having Sääminki around, but easily grows tired of him and ends up saying something rude to get rid of him.
Kerimäki on the other hand is someone he could never shout at. The woman is like a mother to him and seriously someone who you don't want to make angry. Punkaharju often visits her, which she is happy about, since she can get other siblings to come over for dinner. The two are still very close, even if Punkaharju doesn't like her always acting like he was a little boy.
Savonlinna doesn't really mean anything to Punkaharju. He only sees him as a colleague, who takes his ideas in. Honestly, he is a bit bitter about the fact he lost his independence to his older brother only because of Finland.