
Sprinting off out into the field, I could be seen on my horse, Silver, as we raced to the other end of the field. After hearing my parents fight for the fifth time that day, I couldn't take it anymore. Why can't my parents just get along and be happy? I wondered as I galloped away from the house. I had lived with my fighting parents ever since I could remember. Luckily though, I had also lived around horses as long as I could remember. Whenever my parents fought, I would either go over to my best friend Lucas's house or go for a ride. Usually I would just go riding.
I wanted to be myself but with my parents strictly managing my every move, I couldn't. Of course, my parents claimed to be Christians and went to church every Sunday, making me go with them. I always looked forward to Friday night when Sabbath would come because then my parents would stop fighting and try their hardest to get along. Then on Sunday, we would go down to the nearby church and listen to the service. Even though I was 17, I loved hanging out with kids younger than myself and would try to make them happy. I didn't want to end up like my parents, making their daughter's life miserable without knowing it.
As I galloped away from the house, I had tears streaming down my face. Today had been one of the unfortunate days where my dad had punched my face. Since he was a cowboy, he was rather strong, making sure that my face would be red for a while and maybe a bruise would make itself known. I reached up to touch my face and felt a small jab of pain. Great. That'll be fun tomorrow. I thought. I tried to avoid the Shay's house as best I could. If I was spotted riding across their fields, Lucas was sure to race off after me. I wanted to be alone but in order to get to the stream, my secret hiding place, I would have to go by the Shay's land. I slowed Silver down to a walk, hoping not to look quite as suspicious, and calmly walked across the field. Unfortunately, Lucas must have suspected something anyway and walked outside.
"Chelsea! Are you okay?" he yelled from his porch. I debated telling him the truth but instead, just nodded before realizing he probably couldn't see.
"I'm fine." I yelled back. I heard my voice crack at the end then told Silver to gallop away when I saw Lucas start towards me. I looked back over my shoulder and saw Lucas jump on his stallion, Kodiak, and race after me. Now it was a race! Sadly, I had a disadvantage that Silver and I had been galloping longer than Kodiak and Lucas. They were quickly and easily gaining on my tired horse and my crying figure. Even though I knew I had no chance against Lucas, I still raced towards the stream. He was right on my heel with Kodiak when we arrived. I threw myself off Silver, she's used to it by now so doesn't freak out, and ran over to the willow tree that over looked the stream. The stream was crystal blue, clear enough to see the bottom where smooth rocks were sitting, and looked extremely inviting. Maybe if I wasn't trying to escape my best friend, I would go swimming in it. I quickly scaled the tall willow tree, covered in bright green leaves. It was the middle of July, making the willow look it's best and the stream it's warmest. Living in Texas had it's benefits, but it also had it's hindrances. An advantage is everyone knows everyone in their business, beautiful evenings, and easy winters. A disadvantage would be that basically everyone lives miles apart, we all have the same trade--horse breeding--and we have unbearably hot summers. This stream was a beautiful thing and my absolute favorite spot to hide since my parents didn't know about it. It's also a rare thing for neighbors to live as close as Lucas and I do, five minutes on a horse, galloping. Our parents have a business together even though Lucas's parents don't know how my parents honestly are. Every nice thing they do is a fake front so people think their the "perfect parents with the perfect family". It helps our business.
From up high in my willow tree, I find the fork in the willow about three quarters of the way up and sit in it. Making sure to keep my face hidden from Lucas's view. I know he can climb up here if he honestly wanted to, but I doubt it. My thoughts are interrupted when Lucas is standing right underneath me.