
My lungs felt like shit.
Wasn't that what I deserved though?
To feel like shit.
That's what I was to her.
Another long drag when I heard the melodic click of her shoes.
I knew it was her.
The way she walked was drilled into my brain.
"Why are you smoking?"
Why would she care?
"Because I can."
"You can kill yourself."
"Isn't that what you want?"I asked angrily.
"Yeah but in a quicker way."
I turned to look at her.
My eyes suddenly burned from tears.
"You want me dead?"
"I hate you.Micheal I just can't believe you would start this habit!"
"Why the fuck would it matter to you?"I muttered.
"You hate smoking as much as I do.It confuses me."
"You don't control me anymore."
"The way it looks I still do."
She smirked.
I hated her so much.
I loved her so much.
MAKE UP YOUR MIND MICHEAL!
I ran forward and grabbed her hand.
"Why do you hate me?"I asked quietly.
"Rack your brain.You'll find the answer soon enough."
I let go and fell to the uneven pavement.
I'd wanted her to say she didn't mean that.
Maybe tell me she loved me.
It was a dead world we lived in.
It was a dead world we thrived in.
It was a dead world we hated in.
It was a dead world we loved in.
Love didn't exist in my life.
Except for one sided love.
My love never returned.
Bull.
It was returned.
In pieces.
****
A/N
So like finally found out his name.Awesome sauce am I right?So I am really loving writing this short story.I love writing from a different sex.I'm used to writing in a female's position since I am one so this is different.It is a completely different writing experience.These are steps to take to become a better writer I believe. Sooo a few questions to answer in the comment section.
1.How much do you hate his ex with the little knowledge you know bout her?
2.How much do you guys love the main character?Like do you hate him or love him?
3.Are my authors notes too short?
4.What so you think will happen next?
5.Do you notice I pretty much end all my authors notes the same?Like with a Kay Byee then I say Rai Joseph aka blah blah blah?
So yeah.So since it is the summer and all I'm going to be lazy for the next few days.Don't get mad if my updates never come for three days.I will be tanning. Pfft lies I can't tan.Me cocoa colored.The equivalent to tan for me is get darker.Well since I avoid the sun I can't exactly "tan" anyway. I'm going to stop rambling ad shut up.Kay byee.
Rai Joseph
aka sueterweather

