
After a while of looking at all the things I could do in Riga, I decided that I want to go to these following places! ^-^
Latvian Museum of National History
Riga Zoo
Vermanes Garden
The Freedom Monument
And at least one of the churches ^-^
I have already packed. I have to wake up 02:30 a.m to drive to Kerimäki. I might just take a nap now and stay up. I really don't look forward to tomorrow, since I'll just be fucking sitting in a bus thru three countries and over one sea. Why don't we just fly there..? I know we don't really like it, but it would be so much faster. I seriously need to prepare my anus for that shit.
I'm taking about 60 euros with me, so I'll buy something nice. I have this tradition of--
THAT MOMENT WHEN A RANDOM POLISH SONG STARTS TO PLAY ON YOUR PLAYLIST AND YOU JUST START TO SING ALONG WITHOUT REALIZING
Back to the topic XD I have this tradition of buying a shirt from the country I visit. I have a shirt from Sweden and two shirts from Estonia :) //And a towel, two pairs of shoes-- What? It's really cheap on that side of the sea...// So I'll buy at least one shirt from Latvia and the wallet I need. I'm totally buying something with "I heart Latvia", because that's what kind of a tourist I am. I really want to travel to Åland soon. Hopefully next summer, if my parents decide they're rich.
Oh! Guess what? We can't buy anything as cheaply as we used to in Baltia. Must be because we brought insane amounts of alcohol from Estonia :') In our eyes we're doing a favour to our brothers. If we didn't drink their alcohol, they would be the alcoholics. We keep the nice and rich, they keep us drunk and don't complain about what kind of dicks we are to them.
Honestly, I have never met a nice Estonian. We Finns don't even like them. But because blood is thicker than water, we still act like Estonia is as awesome as us. We are a good older brother.
Who the fuck is Lukas Graham and why does he seem like the most popular singer in Denmark..?
I'm rambling.
I had something important too. I only have internet in the hotel. I'll message my ukes whenever I can.