
Tonight was the night is was Roosevelts high annual science fair
this was the year you were gonna win sure you were really smart but you always came in second with Madeline
Over the past few months leading up to the science fair you have found tons of robot parts laying around new York
You ended up taking theses robot parts and made ... well a robot but your robot didn't need a robot control like all the others
As you were walking to the front door of the school you could feel a set of eyes watching you but sense you lived in new York you knew better and went in side the school
...........
"Yess "you giggled as you left the school with a blue ribbon in your hands
You had finally got first place you were so excited that you ran all the way home to tell your dad
On your way home you ran by a alley way and heard a voice
Sadly your curiosity took over as you walked into the alley
"Hello "
"H-hey"said a shy voice
"Are you ok "
"Yes why"the voice said a little less shy
"Well you sound kind of like a nice person to be hiding in the shadows of a alley "
"Well .... it's more of my appearance is the problem then anything else "
"I'm sure you look more presentable then most new Yorkers I've seen around here "
"Well ok but please just don't scream at my appearance "
"I promise "
The next thing you knew a 6ft tall turtle with a purple mask with rwd/brown eyes was looking at you
You stared a little not sure what to do till you saw the turtle nervously smile and that's when you saw the most cutest gap tooth smile
"Do you have a name "
"Yes it's Donatello but donnie for short "
"My names ( yn ). . And by the way you look way better then most new Yorkers I've seen "you said with a smile
What you said made donnie smile and show that adorable gap
"Um (yn) "
"Yes donnie "
"Your robot I kind of need to take it "he said nervously while rubbing the back of his neck
"What why "
"Well the robot parts you made it out of ... well there made from the kranng and its still activated"
"Is this bad ?"
"Yes "
"Ok .....but as soon as you deactivate it you have to bring it righr back ... ok "
"Ok... and if you don't mind.... I could help you make it work even better " donnie said with a smile
"I would love that "you said with a smile
"Well till next till then "
"Till next time. .. bye donnie "
"Bye (yn)"