
"Okay Daddy, Enough now." She sighed pushing me back softly.
We walked to the lounge and sat on the couch.
"Ayee Lil mama , what you wanna do today?" I mushed Madison's hair.
"Go to nana's!" Madison clapped.
"Okay princess, you know daddy goes back to work tomorrow." I played with her curls.
"Hmm, You pick me up from school?" She pouted.
"I cant promise you baby, Daddy has a lot of interview's this week."
"But daddy, It's the last week of school." Her eyes started to tear up.
"I know baby, Im s-."
Before I could even finish my sentence she slammed her bowl on the couch. She stomped off up to her room.
"MADI-" she slammed her room door.
I slammed myself on the couch groaning, this is one of the price's of fame that I have to pay. I knew she would get over it in time. She acted just like her mother during her tantrum's . This really pissed me off because Destiny could be such a handful when we argued.
I walked up the stairs, to my master bedroom. I walked to the desk grabbing my Iphone off of it. Unlocking it I saw 3 missed calls . 1 from Ty 2 two from Destiny. I called up Destiny first. After 4 rings she picked up.
"Morning baby." Destiny hummed.
"Morning." I replied dryly.
"What happened now?"she sighed.
"Your daughter had a tantrum because I can't pick her up from school."
She burst out laughing, " Chris seriously?"
"I don't get the joke?" I questioned.
"You can't handle the situation?" She kissed her teeth. "Put her on the phone."
"Whatever man, when you back?" I walked out the room to Madison's room.
"I don't know but in time for dinner."
"We going over to my mama's, you know she don't like you so be back by 7:00." I laughed.
Mama hates Destiny's ass , only because she thinks that destiny is selfish.
"Thanks Chris, that was nice." She said sarcastically.
"Im a real nigga baby, you should know that." I sucked my teeth.
"Whatever , put my baby on the phone." Destiny changed the subject.
Her ass steady trying to rush me off the phone. I kissed my teeth, " whatever man."
"Jealous Mr Brown?" She laughed.
"If you ain't got no hater's you ain't popping nigga." I fired back.
She kissed her teeth, "Put my baby on the damn phone."
I walked into Madison's room. I looked over to her bed. She lay on the bed like a star-fish. I swear little mama made me laugh. She did this whenever she was depressed.
"Madi, your mom's on the phone." I said with a hint of happiness.
"Leave me alone to die." She grumbled in her pillow.
"Aye, come get the damn phone before I shove it in your nose." I laughed and kissed my teeth.