
Serenity Levi DanielsThey say Peace is a journey of a thousand miles and it must be taken one step at a time. But I'm yet to start my journey. I didn't understand why I was called Serenity when my situation was from it. Starting from when I was 12 drama had drowned my life. But I guess thats how God created me.
"You ain't hear me calling you." Tyrell slapped the back of my head.
"Ouch!" I rubbed the back of my head.
"Yeah what yo ass get, Chiara crying." Tyrell laughed.
"No need to slap me." I mumbled.
"Whatchu say ?"
"Nothing." I swiftly walked out the kitchen.
I walked down the hall way full of our family Photo's. Seeing these photo's made me miss my old life. The happy family, The perfect home . That soon faded away and became the house of demons, Regret & Abuse. I walked up the swirling stair case, to my daughter's room. I walked towards her Crib.
"Hello Baby, Why you crying?" I lifted her from her crib.
"Mama." She reached out for me.
She just starred at me with her big brown eyes. She looked so much like her father, who she will probably never get to meet.
"She stop crying yet?" I jumped at the sound of Tyrell's voice creeping up on me.
"Don't do that, cant you see I got Chiara in my hands." I gritted through my teeth.
"Who the fuck you talking too , with that attitude?" Tyrell Pinched my side.
"Alright! Im sorry, just stop it." I pushed his hand away.
"You gone stop giving me that attitude."
"Whatever." I mumbled walking out the room .
I walked down the stair's to our kitchen placing my baby in her high chair.
"Mama, Fwuit." Chiara clapped.
"Fruit baby?" I questioned her .
Chiara was very fussy about me getting what she said right. I would just make sure I didn't get her request wrong.
"Yes". She laughed.
She looked exactly like her farther. the curly hair, The light-skin complexion, The small freckles. Everything screamed Chris, but too bad he wanted no part in the parenting.
"Im going out, make sure you call me before you go out today!" Tyrell warned.
"Yes farther." I mumbled sarcastically.
I turned my back to start fixing my baby her cut up fruits. I cut the strawberries into small pieces, then the peaches. Putting them into her favourite pink bowl, I turned round to serve her fruits. When I was chocked by tyrell's hand.
"Let Go!" I managed to breath out.
"When you learn that I own you!" Tyrell squeezed harder.
"Mama" Chiara cried.
"Please tyrell." I let tears stream down my face.
He let go roughly , allowing me to catch my breath again. I watched him walk towards Chiara.
"Dont touch her!" My voice shook due to my tears.