
"Shut up Bitch, She my child as well." Tyrell Shouted at me causing me to flinch & Chiara to cry harder.
He stroked her face and kissed her cheek.
"I Love you mama." He tickled her stomach and kisses her template.
He stood up straight and looked at me briefly before heading out .
"Clean yourself up, You look a damn mess." He sucked his teeth.
I stood there shocked, I didn't dare to move. I waited until I heard the door slam shut.
"Mama, I hungry." Chiara hummed.
"Yes baby, Give me one minute." I wiped my tears.
I never wanted Chiara to see me cry, It made her cry as well. I wiped my tears then handed Chiara her bowl filled with fruit.
"Mama." Chiara grabbed my face and kissed my cheeks.
She never failed to make me smile. wh life was always worth living but only for the sake of my daughter.
"Thank you princess I love you." I kissed her forehead.
Christopher Maurice Brown
"Daddy, Wake up!" Madison Slapped my face.
"One more minute." I growled with my eyes closed.
"No! Get up now!" Madison laid on my chest.
"Fine, I'm up." I blinked a few times until my full vision appeared.
My beautiful curly headed daughter lay on my chest , tracing hearts on my chest. She reminded me of her mother, well the good parts of her mother.
"Daddy, I want capin crunch!" Madison played with my chin hair looking up at me.
"Sure, baby-girl." I kissed her for-head.
I playfully pushed her off my stomach, then hopped out the bed. I picked her up and spun her in the air.
"Aha daddy, too fast." Madison laughed.
I carried her on my hip while I went downstairs.
"Where's your mama?" I kissed her template.
"Her went shopping with Ti-Ti Vanessa."
"Alright , go watch tv while I make your cereal."I put her down, letting her run free.
I walked in the kitchen , walking to the cabinet full of cereal's . I picked out some Lucky Charms & Captain Crunch. Pouring Lucky Charms for myself & Captain Crunch for Madison.
"Madison, Come get your cereal baby." I called out.
Two seconds later baby-girl ran in , slipping a little but managing to keep her balance.
"Thank you daddy." She hugged my leg.
"No problem stinker." I rubbed her curls.
"Hey I don't stink." Madison pouted.
"Uh huh,you do." I stuck my tongue out.
"Nuh uh." She challenged back.
"Uh huh."
"Nuh uh!"
"Uh huh!"