
Beep! Beep!. "Ugh I swear I'm going throw this phone out the window." I hit the snooze button and rolled over on my right side and saw the sun shining. Well at least it was a nice day. Rolling out of bed I went and grabbed my work clothes and took a shower.I looked in the mirror and took a deep breath. Today is the day I walk into my minim wage job and just quit. I can't take the attitude from my boss anymore and if she calls me out my name one more time I swear I'm gonna punch her in her face. Smiling at my my own thoughts I quickly applied my makeup and walked to the bus stop. On the way to my stop I looked in my purse for my phone and bumped into someone in front of me. "I am so sorry I didn't ..""No your fine I was just standing in the way anyway." When I looked up I saw the most gorgeous man ever. He had a slightly tanned skin but was still a little pale with honey glazed eyes that looked like they could stare into your soul. I was so stuck in his trance I was lost for words."Ma'am are you ok?""Oh yes I'm sorry I was just lost in thought. I didn't see you standing there I was looking threw my purse and..I'm sorry." He gives me an annoyed look and said, "Like I said you don't need to apologize so please stop it's getting annoying."Well well well I see he needs a little attitude adjustment. Just when I was about to say something my bus pulled up so before I got on I said " you need to get that sick out your butt you ass." I paid my fee,sat down, and took out my sketch book and started doodling.
I got to work and as soon as I clocked in my boss came up to me and said "today is your last day." I looked at her and said," what you can't fire me I was gonna quit today anyway!" She laughed and said," well you would of had your job if my most favorite customer didn't call to tell me that one of my employees didn't call him an ass." All I could do was stand there with my mouth open. I can't believe he got me fired. I swear the next thing on my agenda is to find out what his name is. How was I suppose to know that was her favorite customer.
I walked threw the store to find Trina. Maybe I could get some information out if her. "Hey Trina do you know who Cathy's favorite customer is?" Trina turned around and said, "Girl yes everyone knows him he only owns this whole block. Not to mention that he owns a million dollar company." I looked at her pissed because she still hadn't given me the mans name. I took a deep and tried again. " Trina what's his name? He has to have a name." She laughed sometimes she can be so ditsy. "Yea girl his name is Tristan Spell. Yea girl he is fine to you should see him." I scoffed If she only knew. I clocked out and grabbed my things. Okay Mr. Spell I will find you and make your life a living hell.