
BeepBeepBeepBeepBeep
I groan and rub my eyes. Ugh, school. I hate the first day of school, why does it have to start on a friday? Plus there's just so much pressure to make a good impression, yet I still look like the same grade ten Rylee that I was last year, same un-plucked eyebrows, dark brown hair and the same punk/tomboy style. I still have the same two friends I had since kindergarten, Andrea and Cleo. They are way different from me but we still get along, of coarse there are the bad times but we still forgive each other at the end. Andrea is shy, athletic and very smart when it comes to social studies, science and math. I always make her help me with my homework. She is also a gossip girl and super funny but can be serious at the same time. On the other hand Cleo is outgoing, like me, artistic, a gossip and most of all, she is very caring and kind. Cleo is a tanner color and Andrea is as white as snow, I'd say I'm in the middle. Cleo has long, black hair and Andrea has short blond hair, once again I'm in the middle. We all are so different from each other but we have one thing in common, we love to gossip.I get out of bed, finally, and get dressed into a black ACDC tank top, ripped jeans and a light blue zip up sweater, I also put on two blue socks, because I can't stand non-matching socks, and black and white hightop shoes. I head downstairs and first thing I do is pack my lunch for school, the reason for that is because the very last thing I do is have breakfast so if I don't have time to eat at least I have food in my lunch. After that I brush my teeth, then my hair which I put in a messy bun today because that's the 'thing' now and you know, first impression. Once I was done that I packed my bag, a small black backpack that I bought and Payless, and must I say it again? First Impression.It's already about 7:30am so the bus should be here soon. I am fully ready, I even got to have breakfast. Now I'm just sitting on my front deck wait for the bus, "Hey!" I hear, I look up from my feet and see the boy across the street sitting on his steps, "Hey!" he calls again."What do you want?!" I ask."Sassy, I like it!" he says with a wink. I just role my eyes, "What's your name?!""Rylee! Yours?" That's when the bus pulls up, I get on and sit in the back seat, my same spot since grade eight, I even have my name written in sharpie on the corner of the window and the back of the seat in front of me.I look outside and see the boy get up and walk around the front of the bus, next thing I knew he was sitting across from me. We looked at each other, he smiled, I just looked back out the window. The bus doors closed and began to move, not too long after I feel my seat move along with a little squeak. I turn to see who was there, it was him, "what do you want?" he looks at me and smiles with his perfect white teeth and beautiful blue eyes that really popped out because of his dark brown hair, like mine, that was put into an old 'Justin Bieber swoop' over his forehead."You still want to know my name?""Sure, why not." I shrug."Then kiss me and I will tell you.""Wait, what?" I went wide eyed, he just smiled, "are you serious?""Sure." he gave me a smirk, that to be honest was to die for, but I played it cool, like usual."Sure?""Well, are you gonna do it or should I just leave?" I roll my eyes and push him, he falls over as the bus begins to stop to pick up more people, "wow! what the hell." he straightens up and fixes his hair, I just laugh."You're weaker then I thought." he then roles his eyes and crosses his arms in the other seat.