
A/N sorry but there is going to be a major time skip. Please don't eat me, and also at when you were with Natsu you were 10 years old.
{7 years later}
{(Y/N)'s P.O.V}
I have finally found where Natsu is. Hopefully he doesn't hate me... tch, what am I saying? He is probably furious. I dragged my feet through the dirt ground. I didn't even wince at the pain of little pebbles cutting my feet.
I wore a dark brown cloak so that no one will see my face. My cloak was swaying in the wind, I held onto the hoodie of my cloak so it doesn't blow off.  I finally arrived at FairyTail. The Guild where Natsu is in, I hesitantly open the door.
'There is no going back now...'  I slowly went into the guild. I saw a wooden table fly towards me. 'wow, is this how FairyTail greets their new members?'  I thought. "Hello! I haven't seen you around... are you here to join FairyTail?"
I turn around to see a silver haired girl facing me. She wore the brightest smile I have ever seen. "COME ON AND FIGHT ME ELSA!" I heard a voice say. I turned around and saw...no...Natsu? "alright FLAME-BRAIN!" I looked to the side and see a raven haired man staring at Natsu.
"What did you just call me Elsa?!" How I have longed to hear that voice again. BANG! I felt a throbbing pain on my forehead. I then realized that I was hit with a chair. I felt flames surround me as a dark aura formed around me. Everyone stopped fighting and stared at me. "Who threw the stupid chair at me!" I yelled. My voice echoed through the silent guild, everyone pointed at the raven haired man.
I felt more flames rise around me as I shook in anger. I then finally ran up to the man and punched his face yelling "JERK!" (OH YEAH!! Gray is being owned by the reader! go reader-chan!) he got sent flying and landed on the other side of the wall. I then realized that my hoodie fell off. I cursed under my breath and put the hoodie back on.
Good thing I had my back turned against Natsu... I didn't  want him to see me...no...not yet.
I turned to the silver haired girl and rolled my arm "Yes, I am here to join FairyTail" I said in a low voice, but loud enough so only she can hear. "A-Alright then" she said. "where do you want your mark?" She asked, I pointed at my right shoulder (Where Natsu's is) she nodded and stamped it. I got it in (F/C).
After I said my thanks to the woman I took a seat in the guild that screamed and shouted. I sat down and felt the cold wood against my back. "Oi! Why did you fricken punch me in the face!?" I heard the same man's voice, the man that I punched.
{Gray's P.O.V}
I finally got up and saw the person who punched me. 'I'll give you a present back!'  I smirked, I went up to the person "Oi! Why did you fricken punch me in the face!?" I yelled furiously. I got ready to punch the person. When it was near her face she... caught it? She looked up to face me, her face was dark and cold... colder than ice.
I saw a glint in her eye that I haven't seen in anyone's eye's before. It made me want to curl up into a ball and hide in a corner. Everyone in the guild was staring at us in silence. By her small hand I was sure that she was a girl.
I never knew there could be a girl scarier that Erza! I backed up as she stood up. She then grabbed my collar and pinned me against the wall. She whispered in my ear. "don't mess with me... I'm ten times stronger than you." She said. Then let go of me, I slid down the wall and watched her walk away, her dark brown cloak swaying.
Who is she?!