
{Your P.O.V}
After Erza and I ended Natsu and Gray's fight we decided to go on a job with all four of us. "please help, Volcans are attacking our village and kidnapping all of the woman! I beg of you to help!" I read from the paper, "1,000,000 jewels" I said with my eyes sparkling. All of a sudden Natsu took the paper from my hands "That's it! we are gonna do it!" Natsu said smiling and before we could respond, he went up to Mira to ask her if we can go on this job.
I sighed, "you can never stop Natsu huh?" I said crossing my arms and smirking. Bot Erza and Gray nodded "he hasn't changed" I whispered to myself "what do you mean, he hasn't changed?" Erza asked. "o-oh! Uh" I said blushing a little 'should I tell them?'  I asked myself "uhhh... hold on! Uh I need to go uh... talk to Natsu hehe" I said sweat dropping and scratching the back of my head.
They looked at me suspiciously as I sweat dropped and squeezed out of the scene. "Phew..." I said, then I headed towards Natsu "hey Natsu!" I whispered/yelled, he turned to me in confusion, then ran over to me, "yeah?" he asked confused.
"Uh, should I tell them about the whole sister and brother thing?" I asked while pointing at Erza and Gray "uh, yeah sure" Natsu said shrugging. I breathed a sigh of relief then went back to Erza and Gray "where were you (Y/N)?!" Erza said. I then smirked.
"oh, I was just talking to my brother" I said still smirking, this was gonna scare the crap out of them "and who might that ?" Gray said with a bored look on his face, but I can tell he was curious. Erza just looked at me shocked. "Natsu" I said pointing to Natsu who wrapped his arm around my shoulder while smiling. I just had a bored look on my face as I secretly enjoyed them making the (Pic above) best face ever. I couldn't hold my laughs anymore, I burst out laughing while rolling on the floor, and soon Natsu joined me.
A couple minutes later, me and Natsu stood up wiping our tears away "oh, you should've seen the look on your faces!" I said laughing "so...it was all a joke?" Erza said with a dark aura forming around her. "no actually Natsu I my sibling" I said seriously.
"EH?!" Erza and Gray said in unison. I laughed, "alright let's go on the job now I said smiling.
(sorry this chapter I so short! But I wanted to post what you look like next chapter. Sorry but it will have no color)