
(by the way, Natsu is 17 and so are you, sorry if he isn't actually 17.)
{Your P.O.V (in the morning)}
I sleepily opened my eyes and felt something warm embrace me. I looked next to me and saw Natsu...hugging me? He was snoring very loud, as soon as I saw him hugging me, I felt my cheeks get hot.
And soon, my whole face. I breathed in and out trying to calm myself. I slowly and carefully got out of Natsu's grasp and then headed to the kitchen to make breakfast. I decided to make (F/F) (it stands for favorite food) considering that both me and Natsu like it. After I finished cooking I headed to my room where Natsu is sleeping. Good thing he was a heavy sleeper.
I went up to Natsu who was peacefully sleeping on the couch. "Na-" "FOOD!!!!" I heard someone say. A gust of wind went through the wind which blinded my vision because my (H/C) hair was flying everywhere. When the wind died down I turned to the couch. Natsu was gone, then I realized that he was the one who said 'FOOD!!!!' I sweat dropped and sighed, I then headed to the kitchen to get some tasty (F/F).
{After breakfast}
After breakfast, I woke up (E/N) and began walking to FairyTail with Natsu trailing behind me. I didn't bother bringing my cloak with me because Natsu already knows that I joined FairyTail. "Hey (Y/N)" Natsu said smiling. "yeah?" I asked, "let's race! First one to the guild wins!" Natsu said pumping his fist in the air.
I then grinned "you know Natsu, I have always been a faster runner than you when we were kids" I said giggling as Natsu pouted "I have improved a lot! I will  beat you!" Natsu said with determination in his voice. "alright, alright 5...4...3...2 1!" You speeded up the last to numbers to get a head start. You blazed in front of him and watched the trees on your side whizz beside you as if they were cars at full speed.
Ever since you were kids you were always two times faster than Natsu. He had also always envied your speed, but you were a lot faster now, all those years of trying to find Natsu  you also trained while finding Natsu. Once you were at the guild you looked back to see a spec in the distance, you squinted your eyes and made out that it was Natsu.
You giggled and five seconds later you could see Natsu jogging up to you panting. "Yahoo! I won!" You said jumping in the air and sticking your tongue at him. "Oh shut up!" Natsu said "I challenge you to a rematch!" after he said that Happy and (E/E) came flying over to us, face palming after Natsu said 'I challenge you to a rematch!'
You smiled at him and opened the big wooden doors of FairyTail. It made a big creaking sound. I looked into the guild and saw that they were fighting again. I saw the same Raven haired man come up to Natsu and say "Oi, Flame-brain! Where's the guy from yesterday!? I'm gonna beat the crap out of him!" The raven haired man said. "For your information the person wasn't a he, the person was a she" You said pointing to yourself.
You had a bored look on your face "how do you  know?" he yelled at me. "because I am the cloaked person, Elsa" I said keeping up my bored face. Natsu began giggling "FOR YOUR INFORMATION MY NAME IS GRAY!!" the man named 'Gray' yelled "hmmm... I like Elsa better" I said grinning. Natsu burst into laughter and stated rolling on the floor while our two Exceeds floating above us burst into laughter as well.
Elsa (Gray) growled "Ice make, Hammer!" he yells. I react quickly and put up my fist and blue fire engulfs it. Gray swings the Hammer onto my fist but nothing happens. Then the Hammer starts melting as I stare daggers at Gray and Gray watches his Hammer, speechless.
Then after a couple seconds of silence, Blue flames engulf my whole entire body and the hammer turns into little ice cubes. Gray watches in silence. "h-how?" Gray asks in confusion with fear cracking in his voice. "blue fire is one of the hottest fire. I am a Blue Fire Dragonslayer." I replied, keeping the bored look on my face.
{How was this Chapter? Hoped you liked it!}
