
(Your P.O.V)
"Well, what are we going do about her?!" Your Father asked "why do you hate her so much? She is our only child!" Your Mother yelled back defending you, tears stained your pillow as you heard your Mother and Father fighting. They always fought, you hated it when they fought. Your Mother was always supportive and has always been nice to you.
Though your Father had never been nice to you. "That's it!" you whispered to yourself, you decided to run away. You couldn't take it anymore. If your Father wanted you gone then why not disappear you thought, you cried as you jumped out of your window. Your glistening tears flew in the air while you were running in the forest near your house.
You ran inside the quite forest crying, all you could hear were your sobs echoing  through the empty lifeless forest, or, was it really  empty? You heard huge footsteps coming your way. Your breath hitched as you stood up and looked around. "Are you lost? Little girl?" a soft but loud voice said. You looked up to see a vast scaly animal, "a-are you a-" "yes, I am a dragon dear, my name is Sapphire, what is your name?" Sapphire asked.
"(Y-Y/N)" you stuttered. "Well I will bring you home." the dragon said softly. "NO!" you yelled fearfully "Please, please take me with you" you said begging the dragon. The dragon sighed "alright little one" Sapphire turned around and spread her blue sparkling wings, they glistened under the moonlight like a thousand sapphires. You got on Sapphire and petted her smooth scales.
Both of you took off into the night. A couple minutes later Sapphire landed in a cave, you jumped off her back and looked around the huge, dark, stony cave that was lit with torches. In the corner, you can see a bit of red and pink. You pointed at them. About to ask who they are Sapphire interrupted you, "you will meet them in the morning, therefore we must sleep" she whispered quietly not trying to wake them up.
You went to the other corner of the room and slept, while you were halfway asleep you felt something warm and soft cover you. 'a blanket?'  you questioned, but before your brain could sense what it is. You fell asleep.
{In da morning!}
Your eyes slowly flutter open as you smell fish, or in other words, breakfast! You quickly looked up and around the place. The cave looked much more beautiful in the morning. "Igneel, why is there a girl there?" I turned towards the voice to see a boy, around my age, pointing at me. "uh I-I" The boy had pink hair and black eyes. "she is our new family member" Sapphire said. "o-ok! Hi! My name is Natsu Dragneel!"
The pink haired boy smiled. "m-my name is (Y/N)"  you said sheepishly. "well now your name is (Y/N) Dragneel!" Natsu said smiling. You smiled a bit and stood up.
{a couple months later}
{Sapphire's P.O.V}
I watched (Y/N) and Natsu play in the water, they splashed water on each other. They laughed and giggled, I watched them as my mate was sitting next to me, he as well was watching the two. "they would be very good mates." Igneel said "I agree, they would be getting along well." I said happily.
{2 years later}
{Your P.O.V}
I woke up to a brand new day. but, I didn't feel the warmth I feel every morning.  "Sapphire? Igneel?" You said rubbing your eyes sleepily. I looked around to see no red or blue dragon "Sapphire?! Igneel!!!" I yelled. "what's wrong (Y/N)!?!" Natsu said running up to you "w-where are Sapphire and Igneel?!" You yelled holding your head and crying.
"(Y/N)! Calm down!" Natsu said. You stopped crying "b-but they would never leave without telling at least one of us where they were going" you said crying once again., you screamed in fear and sadness and the next minute blue flames surrounded you, 'Igneel and S-Sapphire are gone! They are gone and they won't come back!'  you said in your head.

Well, how was the first chappy? Comment and tell me!
~Ashley_Dragneel
