
{Your P.O.V}
Everyone stared at me in aw. As if they have seen the best acrobatics show in the world, "what?" I said with a bored look and tone in my voice. All of a sudden the whole guild started cheering which scared the crap out of me, "GEEZ YOU SCARED THE CRAP OUT OF ME!! DON'T DO THAT AGAIN!" I yelled everyone stared at me in silence. I sighed, as Natsu hugged me. Now everyone was really in shock, they have never seen Natsu hug anyone like that.
"Natsu I think you should tell them about me..." I whispered to Natsu and nudging his side. "nah it's alright" You hated his stupidity, but you know. Natsu is Natsu right? You sighed once again and headed to the bar. "hello!" I heard the same silver haired from yesterday say. "hello, uh..." I said waiting for her to say her name.
"Mirajane, but you can call me Mira" she said happily, "alright Mira, can I have some water pleas?" I asked politely with a little smile plastered on my face. She nodded and headed to the kitchen to get some water, in a couple minutes. Mira came back with a cup of water.
She handed it to me as I said my thanks. I gulped the cold water down, after that I felt much better. I was a little dehydrated because I didn't have time to drink water. I then sat down at a table and closed my eyes, "hello" I heard a female voice say.
I jumped a bit. "sorry to startle you" I turned around to see a scarlet haired lady looking at me and smiling a little. "h-hello" I stutter, this woman was utterly beautiful and I was awing at her beauty. I then heard "You wanna go Fire-Breath?" "My pleasure, Jack Frost!" I turned towards the voices, I knew it, Elsa and Natsu were fighting again.
As if in cue both me and the scarlet haired woman walked up to them and started (pic above) to stare daggers at them. When they saw us they literally cowered in fear. "what were you about to do?" Both me and the scarlet haired lady asked in unison. Then Natsu and Elsa stood up and wrapped each others arms on both of there shoulders and started talking like buddies.
I sighed, knowing that they were acting like this just because they didn't want to be punished. I then turned to the scarlet haired lady. "My name is (Y/N)! What is your name?" I said cheerfully, I knew that I would get along with her.
"My name is Erza it is a pleasure to meet you. (Y/N)-san" she said "no, no (Y/N) is fine, you don't have to get so formal." I said smiling. I shook Erza's hand, I felt her cold armor on my hands. I knew that I was going to make a lot of friends in FairyTail.