
{Your P.O.V}
'great! Oh my gosh I'm so stupid! Why did I do that?!'  I thought in my head and hitting my head in real life. By this time I was already out of the used to be noisy Guild. I ran causing my hoodie to fall, I didn't care. I was such a fool! Why would I do that? I know he is a powerful wizard so why would I do that?!
I ran back to my home and opened the door slowly..."Hi, (Y/N)! How was your first day of FairyTail?" I heard my Exceed named (E/N) (please pick your exceed's name)ask "uh, yeah it was...um yeah! Great" I sweat dropped.
"Ok (Y/N)" Your Exceed said as she started cooking. You sighed as you head to your room to take a shower. When you walked to your room "Yo" You heard. "eh?!" you yelled, you quickly put on your hoodie.
(play song) "Why are you always hiding your face?" asked the voice. Wait, I know this voice!  You slowly looked up but your hoodie was still covering your face. "H-How do you know where I live?!" you asked, yelling at the person. When you looked at his face. It-It was Natsu! "actually, I don't know how I found out where you live..." Natsu said "well, I wanted to congratulate you on totally owning  Elsa!" Natsu said, fist pumping the air.
"N-Natsu?" you asked, shaking. "hmm? W-Wait! How do you know my name?" He asked, confused. 'I think I should tell him'  you thought, You hesitantly lifted off your hoodie. "I-I know your name, because...I'm your sister..." You said looking to the side.
You looked at Natsu and he stared at you. Not believing what he is seeing, he stood up and walked towards you, his eyes were still wide. He looked at you and caressed your hair "Y-You, I (Y/N)..." Natsu said almost about to cry.
"Y-You hate me don't you? I-Its okay... I understand if you hate me I-" I felt a warm body embracing me. 'Natsu?' You asked yourself. You then realized that Natsu was embracing you (pic above), he cried softly on your shoulder while whispering in you ear "I missed you" or "don't ever leave me again"
You nodded, you as well were about to break into tears. You were finally reunited, and you finally completed your mission to find Natsu. Natsu didn't know this, but you loved him with all your heart. Not as a family way, as a crush way. Anyways, Dragon siblings are supposed to mate (sorry I made that one up XD)
I knew that tomorrow, I would have a fun day at FairyTail. You stood there hugging Natsu for the next five minutes. Finally Natsu pulled back from the hug and looked into your sparkling (E/C) eyes. "Don't ever leave me again! Do you know how much I missed you? I looked for you for a year! Y-You never came back to the cave! I thought you were really...gone..." Natsu yelled at you until he broke into tears again.
Finally, you were reunited  with Natsu, and you planned on never ever leaving him again for he would burst into tears and never forget about this day where you hugged him until he fell asleep on your couch. You looked at his peaceful face and said "Sweet Dreams Natsu" and you kissed him on the forehead.
(A/N How did you guys like this chapter? please tell me!)
