
{third person P.O.V}
For the next days it was hard getting food, there was no emotion in your eyes since they  left. Your eyes began to grow dull from all the crying, everyday Natsu would be ten times nicer to you than the other day. He would even hold your and until your hand until you were asleep.
You also grew confused of why they left. "Natsu?" You asked. "yes, (Y/N)?" Natsu asked turning to you from the blazing fire. "w-why did they  leave?" Both of you didn't dare say their names, if you did, one of them would burst in tears. Mostly, you were the one to burst in tears, you cried and cried.
{a couple weeks later}
{(Y/N)'s P.O.V}
I couldn't take it anymore, living in sadness and torture. I took a piece of paper and wrote.
Dear Natsu,
I am sorry I had to leave you, I hope you forgive  me one day. But if you wish to come with me. Come to the place where we always play. I hope you come, I will leave in fifteen minutes, please come, I do not wish to do this adventure with no one by my side.
Sincerely, (Y/N)
I cried when I wrote this 'hopefully, he will come in time' I thought. I slowly walked to the waterfall, I remember the day like it was yesterday. You remember the cold water splashing on you, you remember Natsu's giggles and laughs. You smiled at the memory, but then soon frowned when you realized that those sweet memories were forever gone.
You sat at the waterfall and waited for Natsu, you stuck your feet into the cold relaxing water. You put your hands behind you. You looked up at the sky to see a shooting star. 'please, let Natsu and I have a wonderful life' you pleaded the stars.
{Natsu's P.O.V}
"(Y/N)!! I got a lot of food!" I yelled, but there was no answer. "(Y/N)?" I said, still no answer. I looked into the dark cave and saw no one there. I also saw all of (Y/N)'s things gone! I dropped all of the food I gathered and started to look for her, I called her name over and over again through the empty cave. But there was no answer, but then, I saw a white square thing in the corner of the room.
I started walking towards it, I then realized that it was a piece of paper! I ran towards it, I slowly picked it up and read it.
Dear Natsu,
I am sorry I had to leave you, I hope you forgive  me one day. But if you wish to come with me. Come to the place where we always play. I hope you come, I will leave in fifteen minutes, please come, I do not wish to do this adventure with no one by my side.
Sincerely, (Y/N)
I grew mad, 'please don't leave me!' I said in my head. I quickly ran to where we play. The Waterfall, I looked around but there was no one there. I dropped the letter, "s-she...left" I whispered to myself. I fell on my knees and looked at the waterfall in silence. All I could hear was the water trickling down the river or the wind blowing through the trees.
I will find you (Y/N), I promise I will!
