
A/N: I know this one has been done many times... but I thought it was cute, so I decided to write my own. Sorry it's very small... enjoy!
James' POV:
Riley and I are in the Music Room and I'm teaching her how to play the drums. She's sitting on the stool hitting away to a beat, that I don't think you can actually call a beat.
"James. This is hard." She says.
"How about we take a break." I kiss her neck so she knows what I mean by "a break".
"James!" She giggles. "We can have a break once I get this right."
"Fine..."
I lift her up gently and sit on the stool and then place her on my lap. I slide my fingers down her arms gently until I reach her hands. I hold onto her hands that are holding onto the drumsticks and I show her how to do the beat. I can see that she's smiling really cutely which makes me smile.
"Now try it on your own." I say sweetly as I let go of her hands and hold onto her waist.
She giggles a little bit and it makes me want that "break" even more.
As she's about to play I gently kiss the side of her neck and rub my fingers gently down her sides.
"James" She giggles. "I can't play if you keep doing that."
"So don't play" I place my lips on her left shoulder and I make my way over to her neck.
"James. You can do that later." She giggles.
I move my hands under her shirt and gently touch her skin.
"James" She giggles, "You're relentless"
She turns her head and smashes her lips into mine; now I know that I've turned her on. She swings her legs around and wraps them around my waist. That was quite a smooth move; I'm impressed. Her chest was smashed right against mine and it felt amazing. She started kissing me harder and I reciprocated. My hands made their way up Riley's white loose singlet. She lets out a giggle. "That tickles James". My fingers keep making their way up Riley's extremely sexy body. Her lips pull away out of breath and I can tell that she's enjoying this. I start to kiss her neck again and she lifts her head back, giving me permission.
Riley's POV:
Every time I am with James alone, this always happens. He always gets me so turned on and I just can't help it. I'm definitely not complaining, but I just don't know how he manages to get to me every time.
I let him gently kiss my neck as he touches me so delicately. I love the way he touches me; I feel so protected and it gives me a feeling of sensation. I slide my hands up his black singlet and feel the warmth of his rock hard abs. It only makes me want to press my bare stomach up against his to feel his body warmth. I start lifting up his shirt and he helps me. Every time I see him shirtless I go red in the cheeks. His body is perfect. I gently touch his chest and I can see him smiling at me. He knows that I love his body and I'm pretty sure that's why he does a lot of push ups.
"You're such a cutie." He says as he gently wraps his arms around my waist and pulls me in tightly. I rest my head on his shoulder and snuggle up to his chest.
"I love you James." I say sweetly.
"I love you more."
