
"Dan, will you get your butt down here!" Phil called  impatiently up the stairs.
"Alright I'm coming," came Dan's reply as he appeared at the top of the stairs looking harassed.
"Hurry up, we're going to miss the train," Phil said anxiously as he checked his watch.
"We've got plenty of time, and anyway, it's only a stag do, it doesn't matter if we're a little bit late," Dan said, as he heaved his case down the stairs. Phil fumbled with the door keys, frowning at Dan.
"You do realise we're only going for one weekend, right? What have you got in there?" Phil teased as he eyed the size of the suitcase Dan was dragging behind him.
"Wouldn't you like to know?" smirked Dan.
"Shut up."
Phil locked the door behind them as they headed towards the tube station. It was a fine day in the middle of June, and Steve's stag do in Cardiff was something they had been looking forward to for weeks- a Dr Who and Torchwood themed game of pub golf, followed by a trip to the Dr Who Experience the next day. They walked along in amicable silence, enjoying the warm weather that had finally broken through the rain clouds of the previous week.
They arrived at Paddington Station with ten minutes to spare. Dan bought two coffees from the kiosk near the ticket barriers and turned back to find Phil already completely immersed in a game on his phone.
"Being sociable as ever, I see," Dan said as he handed a steaming cup to Phil.
"I only need 25 more XP to level up!" Phil replied, not taking his eyes off the screen as he sipped.
When the train arrived, Phil stowed their suitcases in the luggage rack while Dan turfed a couple of teenagers out of their seats. Dan slipped on a pair of headphones and settled back for the two hour ride towards what promised to be a great weekend. Phil was still deeply immersed in his phone.
The train was packed as it left London and shot towards Reading. Over the course of the journey, it emptied, then filled, then emptied again as it ploughed on westwards. About an hour after leaving Paddington, the carriage was plunged into darkness as the train entered the Severn Tunnel. Suddenly, there was a horrible, sharp grating sound of metal screeching against metal, and the train ground to a halt. The lights in the carriage were abruptly extinguished, leaving the passengers in pitch blackness.
"What's happening?"
"Did we break down?"
"Did we hit something?"
"What's going on?"
Up and down the carriage people were asking the same questions, and Phil could see gloomy outlines of people standing up  and leaning into the aisle as if hoping to find some hint as to what was going on. Dan appeared to have drifted off to sleep, and with his headphones on, hadn't noticed anything.
Then, just as suddenly as it had stopped, the train jolted back into motion and the lights flickered back on. The rapid change in motion seemed to have woken Dan, who opened his eyes blearily.
"What happened?" he asked sleepily.
"That's just what I want to know," Phil replied.
"Why is that-"
"Shh!" Phil interrupted, flapping his hands at Dan as a voice came over the tannoy.
"Ladies and gentlemen, we apologise for the interruption to our journey to Swansea this afternoon, we appear to have encountered a minor technical problem with the train. Please be assured that this is nothing to be concerned about, and that this service will continue to run as normal. We will be arriving at our next station call, which will be Severn Tunnel Junction, in approximately 5 minutes' time. Once again, we apologise for any inconvenience and wish you a very pleasant onward journey."