
Today I woke up with my sheets on the floor.I don't know how that happened but whatever.Todays the bonfire so I have to pick out a nice outfit.I walked over to my closet and picked out a black crop top with daisies all over it and a pair of denuim high waisted shorts and I cream knitted cardigan.For jewelry,I picked out a black chocker and a random necklace along with a couple of bracelets and a pair of sunglasses all topped off with my new pair of white converse.I set my outfit down on my bed and remembered I forgot to asked when the bonfire starts.
"When does the bonfire start?" I asked,walking into my brothers room.
"5 pm." He replied looking at his phone to check the time.
"Ok." I said walking out of his room.I woke up late today so it's 1:00 so for my spare time I decided to take a shower.I shaved my legs so I could wear my shorts.I quickly got out and let my hair air dry just because I don't like to blow dry it.I knocked on Mayra's door only to be greeted seconds later.
"Hey." I greeted.
"Hi." she replied moving aside to let me in.
"So what are you going to wear tonight?" I asked sitting down on her bed.She held out her outfit in front of me.She had a blue lace crop top with high waisted shorts that had small sunflowers along the pockets and a cardigan like mines.
"That's nice." I admitted smiling at the outfit.
"Yeah I have some necklaces and a sunflower headband to go along with it.Also can I borrow your old pair of white converse?" She asked,setting her outfit down and beginning to straighten her hair.
"Sure.Shouldn't you shower before you straighten your hair?" I asked.
"I showered before you woke up." she replied with a small laugh.I nodded and walked out of her room and made my way to my own.I pulled out my curling wand and started to make loose beachy waves.
-"So you ready to go?" I asked walking into Mayra's room with my old pair of converse. "Aiden and Max left with their friends already so we can just go on our boards because the beach isn't far from here."
"Ok." Mayra replied grabbing the pair of shoes from my hands and putting them on."lets go."
-
Mayra and I made it to the beach and there were already drunk couples making out around the roaring fire and grinding on each other. Mayra and I looked at each other with disgust.We both walked to a far end of the beach,away from everyone.We just wanted to watch and this was a good reason to come to the beach.I love California because it's so beautiful.We took out our phone and took a selfie and posted it on Instagram.
"Do you like it here so far?" I asked sitting in the sand.
"Yeah but I still miss home." Mayra responded taking a seat next to me.
"Same."
We watched everyone in the distance getting drunk and shit whilst Mayra and I sat here like a sack of boring potatoes.
We sat here for a long time,watching all the populars yelling and having a great time.
"Hey."
We turned our gaze to two guys standing beside us.One of them had blond hair with beautiful green or blue eyes (I couldn't see that well.) and the other had thick brown hair with chocolate brown eyes.Jack and Jack
"Um,hi." Mayra responded,smiling at brown eyes.
"How come you guys aren't out there." Blue eyes asked,pointing to the group of populars sitting around the fire.