
"They're going to go kill rocky." max replied,looking as Rocky was getting into the truck.
"What?!" I screamed.
"Yeah,they're going to go give him a shot of medicine so he can sleep and not wake up." he replied with his hands in his pockets.
"Why!?" I asked.
"Because Alex,he's dying!" He responded.
This can't be happening.No no no
I went back inside and back out with Mayra by my side.We walked up to the trucks window where Rocky was inside.
"Goodbye Rocky." Mayra said,placing her finger on the glass.She sounded to happy for this.
I didn't want to say goodbye.I started feeling a lump in my throat.I looked up at the glass and saw Rocky's nose to the glass with a smile on his face and his tongue hanging out.I place my finger to the window and looked at him.
"Goodbye Rocky." I said with a sad tone.
I can't believe tomorrow morning he won't be here.-
I ran up to my room and shut the door behind me and burst into tears.I sat at the edge of my bed,sobbing and tugging at the roots of my hair and running my hand through it.
Chris came in seconds later and sat down next to me and said nothing.
My room was filled with the sounds of my sobbing and sniffles.
After I was done sobbing and crying I lied down on Chris with my head and hand on his chest.I felt his arm wrap around my waist and I drifted off to sleep.
-I woke up the same way I feel asleep,though I felt dried tears down my cheeks.I carefully got up,not trying to wake up Chris and made my way to my mirror.I gasped at my reflection.I had a red nose and red eyes with dried tears and bags under my eyes and I had bed head.I widened my eyes at the sight.Chris sat up and chuckled at me.
"This isn't funny!" I said chuckling.
"You're still beautiful though." Chris said,scratching the back of his neck.
I ran into the bathroom and washed my face and brushed through my hair.I walked back into my room and grabbed a pair of light skinny jeans,a red flannel and a white tshirt.
"I'm going to shower." I said,turning to Chris with a smile.
He nodded and I walked back into the bathroom.
Chris's P.O.V
I walked around Alexandra's room and stopped at her mirror.I saw she had baby pictures on the rim of the mirror and smiled at how happy she looked in the picture.
"You like her huh?"
I jumped as I saw Alex's dad,Toby,standing at the door way.
"Um what,n-no." I lied.
Yes I do.A lot.
"I know you like her Chris and I really think she likes you too.You have been there for her ever since the guys left.You make her happy.ill go talk to Alex outside for a bit." he said.
I smiled and nodded at him as he walked out of the door.
Toby's P.O.V
I ran into Alex in the hallway.I wanted to tell her about Chris but I don't think she would believe me.If only I could tell her I can read minds.
Alexandra's P.O.V
"Hey." I said,looking up at my dad.