
All the boys erupted into 'oohhhh's' whilst Mayra and I stood quiet.
This game continued on for minutes and the question landed back on me.Cameron asked me the question and I responded with a dare.
"I dare you to make out with Matt for like 4 seconds."
"Fucking asshole." I whispered.
I walked over to Matt and did what I was told.I pulled back and saw Matt's face was beet red.Thankfully no one took pictures this time but I glanced at Jack J and saw his fist and jaw was clenched.
We ended the game and I walked to the bathroom to look at the mark Jack left on my neck.It hurt a lot and it was a dark red and purple.I placed my hand over it and it hurt really bad.It felt like a bruise.Which it kind of was.
"Fuck." I mumbled.
"Alex,you okay?" one of the boys yelled from across the hall.
How did they hear that?
"Not really!" I yelled back.
Jack J stood at the doorway seconds later.
"I'm sorry." he said,looking down at his feet. "I didn't mean to hurt you."
"It's ok." I replied.
"Can I take a look?" He asked walking into the bathroom.
I nodded and moved my hair to the side for him to get a clear view.I felt his finger on the bruise and I whimpered in pain.
"Shit,sorry." Jack said,taking his hands away from my neck. "I'll get you a warm towel."
Jack left the bathroom and came back seconds later with a small,warm towel.He placed it on my neck and I held on to the wet material.
"Thanks." I said with a smile.
"No problem."
We made our way back to Matt's room and I felt Jack's hand on the small of my back.
"What happened?" Nash asked with a worried tone as his eyes met the piece of cloth on my neck.
I pulled the towel away only to reveal a deep shade of a red and purple mark on my neck.Everyone let out a small gasp at the sight.
"Ohhhh....shit." Shawn said,bitting his bottom lip in guilt.
"This is your fault! I fucking hurt her because of you!" Jack snapped.
"Jack it's ok-" I started before I got cut off.
"No it's not! I would never want to hurt you-" Jack yelled.I cut him off my dragging him back into the bathroom and locking the door behind me.
"I'm really sorry." jack sighed,leaning his back on the wall.I saw a tear roll down his face. "The last thing I would ever want to do is to hurt you.Which I don't."
"Jack,I forgive you." I said.I pulled him into a hug and wrapped my arms around his neck.I felt his arms wrap around my waist and his wet tears on my shoulder.I pulled my head from his chest and stood on my tippy toes to give him a kiss on the cheek.
"It's okay jack." I whispered.
"I'm sorry.I just love you to much to hurt you." he replied.
We walked out of the bathroom and went back into Matt's room.
"What happened?" Hayes asked.
"Nothing." Jack replied,sitting on the edge of Matt's bed.