
We woke up at 3:00 in the morning to drive to the airport.I had on my grey sweat pants with my 5sos hoodie and Mayra had on her light pink sweat pants with her one direction hoodie.
We got onto the plane and waited for it to take off.Once it was in the air,I took a picture of the view outside my window.I posted it on Instagram and captioned the photo: Goodbye New York.Ill miss you ❤️
Minutes later my phone started blowing up with comments and likes.
OMG I'll miss you so much!!
I love you.take care
GoodBye love.
I'll miss you!!!!
I'm crying!!!kms
Ily!!
I miss you already!!
I'll never forget you.
I locked my phone and fell asleep on Mayra's shoulder.
-
"Alex wake up.Alex.Alex.BITCH."
"IM UP,SHIT." I replied.
"We're here." Max said standing up from his seat.
I stood up and got my bag and followed behind everyone.
(Btw Mayra's parents didn't come because they have work but Mayra and her brother Aiden wanted to come with us.)-
"Ok,so me and your mom will stay in one room,Mayra and Alex will stay in the other and Max and Aiden will stay in another." my dad said walking into our hotel.We're only staying here for the night until our furniture gets moved into our new house.
"Ok." I reply.
We all reached our rooms and instantly fell asleep not bothering to unpack.
-
"Everyone wake up,we have to go to the new house." my dad said.
"Ughh." we all groaned,lazily getting up.
-The house was pretty big.It has two stories and there were 4 rooms.My parents took the biggest one which was downstairs and I took the second biggest.My brother and Mayra had the same sized room.My brother and her brother shared a room and Mayra and I got our own.All my furniture was placed already.It was all white.I had my bed against the wall with my night stand next to it and my small bookshelf placed neatly in front of it and my dresser was next to my bookshelf with the mirror right above it.I started putting up my posters and curtains.My room was a light shade of blue and I liked it.I started unpacking everything and placing it in the right spots.I finished and my room didn't look bad for a new house.
"Cool room."
Mayra walked in closing the door behind her.
"Thanks." I reply.
"Do you miss them?"
"Miss who?"
"Our friends."
"Obviously." I laughed.
"Me too." she replied looking at the floor."school starts tomorrow you know?"
"Yeah I know." I replied.
"You think people will like us?" she asked.
"I don't know.But don't try so hard to make them like you or else they'll get the wrong idea and they'll say "ew fuck you" or some shit." I replied with a small laugh.