
"So, what's your last name, boy?" Tumbleweed Tex, feeling as though he may had seen Scott from somewhere before.
"Umm, Wallis, sir," Scott replied respectively. "Scott Wallis."
"Are you related to a Donnie Wallis?"
"Yes sir, he's my pappy."
"Your pappy, huh?"
Scott nodded.
Tex smiled instantly and had a small hearty laugh. "I haven't seen him for a while... How is he?"
"He's doin' good, sir." Scott smiled.
"That's good," Tex smiled, maybe now he could reunite with Donnie somehow. "Did you know that me and him were always getting into trouble like those delinquents that Mike Mazinsky's always hangin' around with, what was their names again...?" he looked thoughtful for a moment.
"Duncan and Abby Nelson." Scott explained to him.
"Yeah them," Tex laughed again. "We were just like 'em... Except he didn't have no sheriff or cop for a dad."
Scott chuckled, this was going surprisingly well.
"I'm gonna get us somethin' to drink." Jade offered as she stood up from between her grandfather and boyfriend.
"All right, partner," Tex smiled as his granddaughter went off, then looked back to Scott. "So Scott, how long have y'all known Jade?"
"Ever since she also entered for Revenge of the Island, uhh... Sir."
"I see... How much do ya like her?"
"Well, a lot..." Scott smiled honestly. "She's changed me from my devious ways."
"That's good... You know what I'd do if someone hurt my little Jade, do ya, ya little buckaroo?"
Scott grew nervous then. "Umm, no sir..."
Then in a instant, the older cowboy shot a couple of vases with his gun. Luckily Scott had his head down before he could even get shot. This made him scream however.
"That will happen to ya if you hurt my Jade, got it!?" Tex snarled to him.
Scott gulped. "Y-Yes, s-s-sir..."
Jade brought in the drinks and now they could go back to good and normal conversation without the threats of Scott's life. They were all happily talking and this turned out very well.
"Thanks for comin', Scott." Jade said as her new boyfriend was preparing to leave and would tell his friends about meeting Tumbleweed Tex in person.
Tex smiled friendly and waved, but reminded Scott about not hurting Jade if he wanted to live to see another day.
"No problem, I'll see ya later." Scott smiled back.
"Bye!" Jade smiled and went inside with her grandfather.
"Phew, glad that's done," Scott was relieved, had to be harder than any of the messes he's faced before tonight. "Now I need to see her aunt and uncle... Wonder how this will turn out?"