
"Are we gonna do the plan of what that boy Mike said?" Lightning asked.
"First off, Mike is a girl, second, we probably will." Chicken answered.
At the Café, Scott and Jade were still over there, having their nice, quiet, and peaceful lunch.
"Thanks for takin' me here, partner." Jade smiled.
"No problem, Jade." Scott smiled back, he managed to keep his cool.
"I was gonna come here anyway 'cuz Zoey works here."
Scott flinched at the name. "Zoey!?"
"Yeah, she just started not too long ago," Jade smiled coolly. "Plus, my grampa knows the manager here."
"Who's your grandpa?"
"Tumbleweed Tex."
Scott did a spit-take with his soda, feeling utterly shocked. "No way! You're related to Tumbleweed Tex?"
"Yeah... Why?"
"My pappy knows him," Scott chuckled. "They went to school together and he always got in trouble. It's kinda funny how he could never pass the fourth grade."
Jade gave a dirty look. "Are y'all makin' fun of my grampa?"
"What? No, of course not!" Scott got nervous. That was bad of him to laugh at Tumbleweed Tex's held-back school records.
"Hmm... Okay..."
"Hey, Jade, Scott," the crimson-haired girl came with a notepad. "What do you want?"
"I'll have the ham and cheese sub with coleslaw and mac and cheese." Jade confirmed her order.
"Just a turkey sandwich with mashed potatoes and onion rings for me." Scott added.
"Coming right up." Zoey smiled to them before leaving to the kitchen.
"So, umm... Where do you live?" Scott asked his date. "Since your folks are back in Texas, I mean..."
"I'm livin' with my grampa, but if my Aunt Kathy or Uncle Jeff need me, I'll be there faster than the Roadrunner."
Scott laughed, that was pretty funny.
A little while later, their waitress returned.
"Okay guys, here's your food," Zoey told them with a smile. "Enjoy!"
"Thanks, Zo." Jade smiled.
"Yeah, thanks, Zoey." Scott thanked.
Zoey smiled to them, then went off to her next table.
"Hey, I got an idea!" Jade piped up instantly. "How 'bout y'all meet my grampa tonight and you can see my aunt and uncle tomorrow?"
Scott dropped his sandwich at that.
"Somethin' the matter?" Jade got worried at his reaction.
"What... No, of course not..." Scott smiled, but looked obviously nervous.
Soon, they both paid for their food and went their separate ways until a later time. They headed out just as Chicken and Lightning were coming.
"Well, see y'all tonight, partner." Jade tipped her hat with a smile, leaving to get to her summer home.
"So, how did it go?" Chicken asked with a smirk.
"It was awesome..." Scott said, but sounded anything but happy at the moment.
"You don't look like you had any fun..." Lightning pointed out.
"That's because I'm meeting her grandpa tonight." Scott revealed, nervously.