
I woke up this morning with my neck in pain.I placed my hand on it and remembered Jack left a mark.I quickly get up and walk towards my mirror.The mark has gotten a darker red.
Fuck
I quickly pull out foundation and bb cream from my make up bag and start blending it onto the mark.After 3 coats,the mark could hardly be seen.I walked over to my wardrobe and picked out black skinny jeans and a tie-dye tshirt.I quickly get dressed and brush through my hair.
-
"Where's the hickey?" Mayra asked as we sat down by the tree.It's lunch right now and we don't like to sit in the cafeteria because everyone is constantly talking with their mouths full and it's disgusting.
"The wonders make up can do." I state,leaning against the tree.
Mayra and I talked about random things for half of lunch.
"So do you like-" Mayra started but looked in another direction.
"What?" I looked towards her gaze and saw Jack,Jack,Nash,Cameron,Matt,Hayes and Shawn walking towards us.
"Hey." Nash said sitting in front of us.
"Hi." I replied looking at Mayra with a confused look.She shrugged.
"Why are you sitting here?" I asked,trying not to sound rude.
"We can't sit with our best friends?" Matt asked.
"Ok." I replied looking at the ground.
"Wheres the uh.." Hayes asked,pointing at my neck.
"Make up." I replied.He nodded.
"Guys?" Shawn said,looking at his phone.
We all turned our gaze towards him as he handed me his phone.It was a picture of Jack sucking on my neck on twitter.I scrolled through the comments and they were all filled with hate.
Ew.Don't Jack
He could do better
Who's the slut?
She's using him
Who even is that
She's going to use him.
She's not even cute
Ew wtf
I bet he doesn't even like her
I looked back up at Shawn.Everyone stayed quiet and looked at me.
"They hate me cause they ain't me." I shrugged with a small laugh.
Everyone let out a sigh of relief.
"What?" I asked.
"I though you were going to burst into tears and run off and we'd have to comfort you for weeks and buy you ice cream." Cameron said.
Everyone burst out in laughter.
"Do you want me to take it down?" Shawn asked with a worried tone in his voice.
"No."
"But-" Shawn started before I cut him off.
"I want them to know that I don't care what they have to say.I don't want them to win this because of some hurtful opinions.If you take the picture down they'll think that they won because of what they said.They'll think I'm a baby at what they said because I told you to take it down.Well I want them to know I don't give a shit of what they think about me.And honestly,if they had a chance with you guys they would take it and I bet they wish they were me in that picture and If it was them in the picture I don't think they would like any hate so I hope they would think before they start saying shit." I reply.Everyone starts to clap in my response and I hear a sound that sounded like someone ended a video.I turn my head towards Nash and saw he had his phone up towards me.