
"Alex,Truth or dare?" Hayes asked.
"Truth."
"Do you like anyone in this room." he asked.
I glanced at Jack J for half a second to see he was already staring and turned my gaze back to Matt,then to everyone else in the room.
"Maybe." I responded with a smirk tugging on the corner of my lips.
"WHO?!" Hayes asked/yelled.
"Shawn,truth or dare?" I asked,changing the subject.
"Dare." He responded.
"I dare you to kiss Cameron on the lips for 7 seconds."
Both their eyes widened at my answer.
"But-" Shawn started before I cut him off.
"Everyone agreed to not back down."
"Fine." Shawn sighed,standing up from his seat and walking over to Cameron.
"No homo." Shawn whispered.
Shawn did exactly as I said and rushed to the sink to rinse his mouth along with Cameron.Shawn came back seconds later to our laughter bouncing of the walls of Matts room.
"Shut up.Ok Johnson,Truth or dare?" Shawn asked.
"Dare."
Shawn gave me a grin and turned his head back towards Jack.
"I dare you to suck on Alex's neck until I tell you to stop."
Both of our eyes widened and our jaws dropped.Jack and I looked at each other and back at Shawn.
"That's right,give her a hickey." Shawn continued with a smirk plastered on his face.
"Fuck you Mendes." I mumbled under my breath.
"Do it Johnson." Shawn said,looking over at Jack who was still in his seat.
"Ok!" Jack snapped,walking towards me. "I'm sorry."
I felt his lips against my neck and he started sucking on it gently.
"Harder!" Shawn yelled,with his hands cupping his mouth.
"FUCK YOU." Jack yelled.
He continued to suck and this time he did it harder like Shawn said.
I'd be lying to you if I said I wasn't enjoying this.
Because I was.
Shawn pulled out his phone and started taking pictures.
"Bitch." I whispered.
"Hmm?" Jack moaned whilst his mouth was sucking harshly on my skin.
"Nothing." I whispered.
This continued for 2 minutes until Shawn yelled stop.
I placed my hand on my neck where Jack marked and felt his saliva all over it.
The room filled with laughter as Jack and I's cheeks started to turn a deep shade of pink.
"Shut the fuck up everyone.Alright,Jack,truth or dare?" Johnson asked,sitting back on the floor.
"Truth." he replied.
"Have you ever jerked off?" Jack asked lazily.
I heard Gilinsky mumble something under his breath but I couldn't hear.
"Yes." he replied as his face started to turn a light shade of red.