
"You recorded that?" I asked,raising my voice in excitement.
"All of it." He responded.
I turn towards Jack J and see him smiling at me.I smile back.
"So we never got your numbers." Jack J says,looking straight at me.
"Alright everyone pull out your phones." Mayra said.
She said her number and everyone started to type it in their contacts.Then they all lift their heads towards me.I say my number and see they're already typing it in.
The bell rang and we all said out goodbyes.I gave Jack J a hug and went to my next class.
Last period rolled around and we took our seats in the back of the class.Everyone else started to come in also.
"We're all going to the beach later today if you wanna come with." Jack J said,leaning over my shoulder.I turned in my seat to face Jack.
"Sure.When?" I asked.
"Does after school work?"
"Yeah." I responded.
"You wanna ask Mayra?" Jack asked pointing towards her.I nodded my head and turned to face her.
"Hey,you wanna come to the beach with us?" I asked.
"Ugh,I can't.I got a ton I homework that I seriously don't know how to do." Mayra groaned.
"I can help you."
We turned to see Jack Gilinsky smiling at Mayra.
"Uh,sure ok.We can go to my house if you want." Mayra said shyly.I could see her cheeks turning a shade of pink.
Jack G nodded and started having a conversation with Mayra.
"Are we going to swim?" I asked,turning my gaze back towards Jack J.
"Well you said it was that time of the month and I don't think its a good-"
"It ended today." I cut off.
"Well I guess we can go in the water for a bit." He responded with a smile.
"Ok."
-
Mayra's P.O.V
After school,Jack and I walked to my house and made small talk on the way.We reached my house and I unlocked my door.
"Toby!Im home!" I yelled from the living room.Toby walked into the room and looked at Jack in confusion.
"Uh hi,im Jack." Jack said,holding his hand out.
"Toby Logan." He replied,shaking Jack's hand.Toby looked at me with a 'why is he here' look.
"Jack is here to help me with me homework." I said.
"Where's Alex?" Toby asked with a worried tone.
"She went to the beach with some friends." I replied.
He looked at Jack and gave a weak smile and nod.Jack and I went upstairs towards my room and closed the door behind me.
"Who's that?" Jack asked.