
Over at the park, there were two teenagers and a chicken. The first teen had orange hair, freckles on his face, a white beater shirt, blue pants and. The next teen was a dark-skinned boy with black hair and wearing a blue shirt with a 1 on it, green shorts, and tennis shoes. The last person was a chicken with white feathers, yellow beak, a red waddle and orange feet. There names are Scott Wallis, Rudolph "Lightning" Jackson and Chicken.
"Man, this is sha-boring," Lightning groaned. "Where's all the babes? Especially Justine... That girl is fine!"
"Careful, man," Chicken hushed him. "Otherwise Jo will hear youse."
"I don't sha-get it... How does Jo get the babe, what's he got that I don't?" Lightning huffed.
"For the last time, Jo's a-" Chicken was about to say, but then gave up, it was very annoying enough already. "Aw, never mind... Next thing we know, ya probably think Double D's a girl."
"Double D is a girl!?" Lightning took that literally. "How come nobody told Lightning this?"
Chicken made a deadpan face.
"So... That means Double D's a lesbian since she's dating June." Lightning then said.
Chicken rolled his eyes, and turned to Scott as he noticed that the former devious boy was rather down in the dumps today. "What's with you?"
"I like someone." Scott admitted.
"Sha-doozy, who is it?" Lightning asked, suddenly interested. "Is it Justine? She's pretty hot!"
"For once I agree with ya, nimrod," Chicken had a small smile. "She's pretty sexy..."
"Her perfect skin, her long hair, she has a nice butt..." Lightning wolf-whistled, even if Justine was off-limits to anyone who wasn't Jo.
"It's not her," Scott looked at them. "It's Jade Summers."
"Sha-bam, another hottie!"
"Did you ask her out?" Chicken asked his friend, eagerly.
"Not yet..."
"Man, ya need to sha-score with her!"
"Look man, we'll help ya."
"You will?" Scott looked to them.
"We will?" Lightning asked.
"Yeah, besides, I don't wanna be home with my annoyin' sister." Chicken agreed.
"How are we gonna do it?" Scott was a little nervous and not very confident.
"I have a plan." Chicken said out loud, then whispered to the two teens.