
Saturday
So over this past week,a lot has happened.My mom and dad divorced and now I live with my dad.All the magcon boys went to digitour last week and won't be back for 2 months and Another thing,Mayra and I met two guys,Chris Collins and Brent Rivera,though we already knew them from YouTube and Vine,and they moved next door to us and we all hung out and had a great time.Chris and I got to know each other a lot. (CHRIS before piercing and bleached hair)
I went onto Instagram and saw Jack J and Nash uploaded a picture.
I clicked on Jack's first an saw he had a selfie with a girl with short,curly black hair and dull grey eyes with it captioned: meet my new girlfriend :)
Nash had the same except the girl had short,straight,blond hair with dark eyes.
They were both really pretty.
"You okay?" Chris asked,breaking me from my thoughts.
"I'm fine." I replied honestly.
We continued sitting on the sofa watching the purge and eating popcorn.My brother came into the room and had a frown on his face.
"What wrong?" I asked,sitting up.
"Uh..I um-." he started,rubbing the back of his neck.
"What?" I asked,getting worried.
Max let out a big sigh and said,
"Rocky's dying."
Rocky is my dog and he's been there ever since I was born.When my mom and dad split up my mom took rocky.Rocky turned 12 this month so in dog years that is 84.He is 84.He's really old.
"W-what." I asked.
"Well these past few days he hasn't been eating well and he started breathing really heavy an hour ago." he responded.
"Where's dad?" I asked.
"He's at moms with rocky." he relied.
"I'm going over there." I said quickly grabbing my keys. "Chris you coming?"
Chris nodded and got in the passenger seat of my car and we made our way to moms.-
When we got here,Mayra was already here and Max and her were looking for an animal health center or something and I don't know why.I made my way to the kitchen and saw my mom made crepes so I pulled two out and stared spreading Nutella and strawberry jam on them.
"Really?Someones dying and you start to eat?" Mayra chuckled,walking into the kitchen.
"Yes." I quickly replied in a harsh tone.I guess I'm stress eating.
My aunt and uncle,Mayra's parents,are working with Rocky and trying to get him to calm down or something in a different room.
I sat down next to Chris at the dining table and started playing with my phone,though I wasn't really doing anything because I was to focused on Rocky.
I heard my dad talking to people on the phone and I heard him starting to describe Rocky's behavior during the past few days.
Half an hour later,Max and Mayra went outside to the front yard and Mayra came back in.I started getting confused and went outside to look for myself.I saw my dad had Rocky on a leash and started putting him in the back of his truck.
"We will be back in a bit." my mom said,walking inside to get her purse.
"Where are they going?" I asked,getting really confused and fustrated.