
"True." she replied. "I'll keep that in mind." She said walking out the door.
-"Alex,wake up."
My mom was shaking me to get up for school.
"I'm up." I said rubbing my eyes and stretching.
"Get ready." she said leaving the room.I sighed at the thought of a new school and new people.I got up and walked over to my closet,picking out dark denuim skinny jeans with a pink floral tshirt and my black converse.I walked into the bathroom and brushed out my long brown hair to get rid of any knots and got into the shower.I quickly got out and put on my outfit.Minutes later Mayra walked in holding a light blue top with light washed skinny jeans and her pink vans.
"Oh sorry I didn't know you were in here." she started walking back towards the door.
"No,its fine,i was just getting out." I replied walking towards the door.
"Ok." she said closing the door behind her.
I went back to my room and put on mascara and curled my eyelashes and did my eyebrows.
My mom drove Mayra and I to school.Our schedules where the same,thank god.When we got to school,everyone gave us confused or disgusted glances.Im going to be honest but all the girls here seriously look like sluts.All of them have like 10 pounds of make up and are showing off to much skin or cleavage.
"Are you ok?" Mayra asked me.
"Yeah." I replied,bitting my bottom lip.
Fast forward to lunch
Mayra and I sat alone at a table until a guy walked up to us.
"Hey ladies." he slurred.
"Um hi." Mayra replied not making eye contact with him.
"You two look sexy.I'd bet you look even sexier with your clothes off." he said leaning a little to close.
"Fuck off." I said through gritted teeth.
"C'mon baby,no need to make this difficult." he smirked placing a hand on my shoulder.
"Can you please leave?" Mayra asked politely.
"I'll leave if you come with me to my bed." he winked.
"Fuck . off." I repeated slowly again through gritted teeth.I could literally feel my pupils getting smaller by my anger.
"I'll fuck you." He smirked leaning closer.
"She said fuck off." an unfamiliar voice growled.
We looked behind the guy and saw another guy with blue eyes and long hair standing beside a guy with brown eyes and brown hair.Cam and Nash
"Fuck you." the pervert said walking away from us.The two guys walked toward us and our eyes widened in fear.
"It's okay." Blue eyes smiled. "you two new?"
I nodded in response.
"Oh well I'm Nash." he said with a smile.
"I'm Cameron." the other guy said.
"I'm Alexandra and this is Mayra." I said pointing over to Mayra.She smiled at them.
"Where you two from?" Nash asked sitting down across from us.
"New York." I replied.