
"Cali." I said with a confident smile.
"Why is that?" Jack J asked.
"It'll be a memory of when I moved here."
Everyone nodded and smiled at me.
"You all can go up to Alex's room with Cali." my dad said.
I smiled at him and we all went upstairs with Cali following behind,struggling to get up the stairs.
We all made it in my room and sat down on the floor.
"Cool room." Hayes said,looking around and admiring it.
"Thanks." I replied.
Cali jumped on Cameron's lap and started licking his face.
"EWWW." Cameron laughed.
"So what do you guys want to do?" I asked,sitting crisscross on my bed.
They all shrugged.I looked around my room and spotted my xbox.
"You guys want to play just dance?"
-
"YOURE DOING IT WRONG!" I laughed as I watched Hayes dancing beside me.Well trying to.
"So,we're not on the same team." he said.
"Tru."
The song ended and I won so that means someone else had to go against me.I looked around the room and spotted Jack.I pointed at him to get up.
"What song?" He asked.
"Barbie girl." I replied with a smirk as I tied my hair up.
The whole room erupted into 'ooohh's' and Johnson gave them a death glare.Jack and I started dancing and Jack G and Mayra came into the room.Jack and I were to focused on the screen in front to notice.
The song ended and I won agian.I leaned against the wall and started panting.I had asthma when I was a baby but it went away slowly over the years but if I do to much or fast movement I start breathing really heavy.I slide down on the wall and had my knees to my chest.
"Are you okay?" Jack J asked,kneeling beside me.
"I just need water." I said.
Hayes ran downstairs to get water whilst Jack was rubbing my back to slow my breathing.
"It's okay." he whispered into my ear.
Hayes came back with a glass of water and handed it to me.
"Thanks." I whispered.
He nodded and I took a big sip of my drink and tried to slow my breathing.I felt Jack's arms around my waist which only made my breathing increase.
"Shhh." he whispered into my ears.He pulled me closer and it helped get my breathing back to normal andI laid my head on his shoulder.
"Awww." Everyone said which made me jump because I forgot they were here.Jack G pulled out his phone and started to record us.I hid my face in Jack J's shoulder so no fans can see me.
"Aren't the cute together?" Jack G said.I blushed at the comment and buried my face in his shoulder.
"Aren't they?" Jack G asked,turning the camera towards everyone else in the room.I heard everyone say yes and yeah and Jack ended the video there to his snapchat story.
"You two are cute." Matt said,turning his gaze towards Jack and I.
"Shut up Matt." Jack said,rolling his eyes.