
"MAYRA HURRY UP!" I yelled from downstairs waiting for her to get ready.Every day I'm the first one to wake up in this house so I can eat breakfast but Mayra,on the other hand,wakes up ten minutes before school starts and somehow she manages to get dressed,brush her hair and brush her teeth without looking like a mess.What the fuck.But she doesn't eat breakfast.
"HOLD THE FUCK UP!" She yelled,coming down the stairs.Today she was wearing light washed high waisted shorts with a light pink crop top and a white cardigan and black converse with white laces.I was wearing dark denuim skinny jeans with a plain white tshirt and white converse.
"Finally." I groan grabbing my mint jansport backpack.
"Girls,we have to tell you something." my mother said sitting next to my dad."Come sit."
Mayra and I gave each other confused looks and slowly walked towards the table to sit across from my parents.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
"We have to move to California.Your dad got a new job there that pays a good amount of money and-"
"We're moving?" Mayra asked,raising her voice in slight anger.
"Yes-" my mother started before I cut her off.
"But only for a like a couple of months right?" I asked with worry and anger in my voice.My parents looked at each other then back at us with frowns on their faces.
"Right?!" I asked raising my voice.
They both shook their heads.
"When are we moving?" Mayra asked quickly.
"In 2 days." My dad replied.
Mayra and I looked at each other and stormed out the door.We went into the garage to get our penny boards and rode our way to school quicker than usual and in silence.
-We arrived at school and made our way to our lockers in silence.
"Baes!!"All of our friends came walking towards us.Rebeca,Natalie,Javier,Helena,Rene,Kayla,and Kenya.Mayra and I looked at each other with frowns and looked back at our friends.
"What's wrong?" Natalie asked looking worried.
Mayra and I let out a sigh and looked back at eachother.
"I'll tell them." I said.
"What?" Javier asked with worry in his voice.
"I'm really sorry to say this but it wasn't our idea,I promise,I wish this never happened,its for my dad and his job but-" I started.
"What?" Rene interrupted getting impatient and nervous.
"We're...moving." I replied looking at the ground.
"You're joking." Rebeca said crossing her arms.Mayra and I shook our heads.
"Where are you moving?" Javier asked.
"California." Mayra replied quietly,looking at her shoes.
"But only for a couple of months,right?" Helena asked with a small hopeful laugh in her voice.
"That's what I asked..but no." I replied.
We all stood in silence,looking at the ground.
"When are you leaving?" Kayla spoke up.
"In 2 days." I replied quietly.The bell rung for 1st period and we all went to our classes.
The day went by really slow and at the end of the day,Mayra and I met up and walked out of school,pulling our boards from behind us.We always have them resting on our backpack straps behind our backs.