
Alexandra's P.O.V
After school Jack,Hayes,Matt,Cameron and Shawn and I went to the beach.Nash didn't come because he had to take care of Sky and Jack G wanted to help Mayra with her homeowork.
"So Alex,who do you like the best from all of us?" Cameron asked.
"I like all of you." I replied with a smile.
"But if you had to pick one who would it be?" Shawn asked.
"Well I would have to go with-"
I got cut off as my phone started ringing.I took it out of my pocket and saw the caller id.It was my dad.
"Hey." I said into the the phone.
"Where are you?" I heard him say from the other line.
"I'm at the beach.." I replied,looking at the group of guys in front of me.
"With who?" Toby asked with an angry tone.
"My friends,Jack,Hayes,Cameron,Matt and Shawn."
"Ok well I need you to come home.I have a surprise for you." He said.
"Can it wait?" I said with a harsh tone.
"Well..its something you have always wanted." my dad said,sounding a little sad.
I sighed into the phone and looked at the group.
"Alright." I replied into the phone.I hung up and looked up.
"I have to go." I said.
The group sighed and looked at the ground with frowns on their faces.
"Unless you want to come with me." I continued.
They all looked up and nodded with smiles.
-
"Dad?" I yelled from the living room as I closed the door behind me with the group of guys standing behind me.
My dad came into the room and looked at the guys and back at me with a raised eyebrow.
"These are my friends,Jack,Hayes,Cameron,Shawn and Matt." I said,pointing to the correct boys.
"Hey."
"Sup."
"Hi."
"Hey."
"What's up."
They all waved towards my dad.
"So what's the surprise?" I asked,turning my gaze towards him.
"Oh right." my dad said.He whistled and I looked at him confused and just then a small dog came into the room.It had a beautiful shade of bright blue eyes and gray fur.It was an Australian Shepard
"Oh my god!" I yelled in excitement.I kneeled next to the small dog and started petting its head.
"Who's is it?" I asked looking up from the dog to my dad.
"Yours." he replied with a smile.
I got up and hugged him with a tight embrace around his neck.I felt his arms wrap around my waist.I smiled into his chest.I pulled back and have him a peck on the cheek.
"You can name it whatever you want." He said pulling away.
"Is it a boy or girl?" I asked.
"Girl."
I thought at the name for a bit and looked at the guys.