
After Scott visited Jade and her grandfather, he went over to Chicken's house with Lightning to talk about the visit.
"So, how did it go?" Chicken asked.
"It went better than I thought," Scott smiled, then dropped his voice low to a slight mutter. "Except for the part when my life was threatened."
"Wait, who threatened your life?" Lightning asked, obviously not paying attention to the story. "Man, you know how he likes to threaten people!"
"Not her, dingus, Jade's grandpa!" Scott glared at him.
"What did he say?" Chicken asked then.
"He said if I hurt Jade that I'll never see the light of day again." Scott shook from memory.
"That's rough." Chicken winced for him.
Cow came in with a smile as always. "Oh, bwig bwuddah, would you like to play tea party with my dollies?"
Lightning and Scott snickered.
Chicken growled, very annoyed with her. "NO! I don't wanna play no tea party with you, so git out!"
"You always do..." Cow pouted.
Lightning and Scott laughed at that.
"No, I don't!" Chicken hissed, then yelled out. "MOM! Cow is buggin' me while I'm havin' friends over again!" he then shoved Cow out the door and slammed it shut.
"How do you put up with her?" Scott scoffed.
"Hey, at least she's better than Sarah." Chicken shrugged.
"True..."
Chicken then looked to his other friend. "Lightnin'... What is you doin'?"
Lightning was looking through binoculars. "Tryin' to find Justine... If I'm lucky, maybe I can see her takin' a shower."
"Let me know if youse see that..." Chicken rolled his eyes with a sarcastic laugh.
Lightning had went outside and climbed a tree that was in Justine's yard by her house.
"Think we may need the First Aid Kit?" Chicken asked.
"I think we might need more than that." Scott confirmed.
Lightning climbed through Justine's window and went inside, now standing inside her bedroom. "The Lightning is here!" The over-achieving athlete chuckled. He then saw something moving in the bed, then took off the covers to find Jo and Justine making out.
Justine gasped. "Lightning!"
"Is there room for one more?" Lightning chuckled.
Jo growled at him. "Lightning..."
"What did I do?" Lightning looked back.
Jo breathed heavily in anger toward him.
Meanwhile, outside of Justine's house...
"In 3..." Scott started.
"2..." Chicken added.
"1." Scott and Chicken said together.
Lightning screamed as he got thrown out the window.
"If you do that again, you're gonna get the worst beating of your life!" Jo threatened.
Scott and Chicken walked over to see Lighting was all bruised and badly battered as he groaned. "Idiot..." they both scoffed with no sympathy for their friend.