
Today I wore light denuim skinny jeans with a red flannel tied around my waist and a white tucked in T-shirt with my black vans.The weekend went by quick so now it's Monday.ugh.My hair looked its best today so I didn't bother to wash it.Mayra came down the stairs and had on a white crop top with high waisted shorts and a cardigan.
"Ready?" I asked grabbing my backpack from the ground.
"Yeah.Were walking today." she replied.
"Ok."
School went by quick.It was now our last period of the day and that was just a free period to catch up on homework and study or just talk.Mayra had the same class.When we walked in we saw Nash, Cameron,Jack and jack sitting in the back along with other guys.
"Ayyyyee!" The four boys yelled from their seats.
"Come sit with us." Johnson said,patting two empty seats next to them.Mayra and I walked over to the back of the class and took our seats.
"So this is Matt,Shawn,and Hayes." Nash said,pointing to the 3 boys behind them. "Guys this is Mayra and Alexandra." Nash continued.
"Hi." I said,waving towards them.
"Hey."
I turned back around and looked at Mayra with a smile.
"Are you two new?" Matt asked leaning over my shoulder with a big smile.
"Yes." I replied.
"Oh ok." he said,sitting back in his chair.
The whole period we were all getting to know eachother.I was mostly talking to Matt though and I could feel Jack j's eyes glaring at Matt and I but I didn't look.The bell rang signaling school was over.
"It was nice meeting you two." Shawn said,standing up from his seat and grabbing his backpack.
"You too." Mayra said.
"Alright bye guys." Nash said,leaving the room with Hayes,Matt and Shawn,leaving Mayra and I to put away our books.
"You guys want to go get frozen yogurt or something?" Jack J asked causing me to jump.
"Oh sorry." he said.
"No it's cool,I just thought Mayra and I were the only ones in the room." I said,letting out a small laugh. "So yeah frozen yogurt sounds good."
"Ok let's go."
-Jack Johnson's P.O.V
Jack,Alexandra,Mayra and I went to get frozen yogurt after school.I tried to get my mind off of what happened between Matt and Alexandra.They were talking and laughing to each other last period in the corner of the class which made me get slightly jealous.Ok, a lot jealous but I don't know why.I mean...I don't even know her much to like her.
"So are we like,friends?"
I snapped back into reality to hear Alexandra's voice.
"Huh,wha- oh yeah of course." I replied,nodding my head.I could feel heat rushing to my cheeks in embarrassment.
"Ok." Alexandra said with a sigh of relief washing over her.
"So,tell us a bit about yourselfs." Jack spoke up.
"What do you want to know?" Mayra asked.
"Everything." he replied with a grin.
The next hour,the two girls talked about their favorite music,bands,movies,shows,celebrity's,places,food.Everything.They talked about why they moved here and their friends they left behind.