
Lightning had set up the table for the practice date and had Scott wearing a dark blue suit.
"I don't know if I can do this..." Scott was more nervous about this date than his real date.
"Man, chillax, you're gonna be fine." Lightning coaxed with a very confident smile.
"Who's gonna be the girl?"
"I hope it's gonna be Justine or Double D!"
"Double D is a boy, numb skull!" Scott sneered.
"Man please, I know I heard Double D is a girl!" Lightning scoffed back.
"Whatever," Scott rolled his eyes. "And by the way, it's not gonna be Justine. You know Jo wouldn't let her do this."
"Awww, man..."
Cindy was wearing a black dress with a little make-up and her hair in little pigtails like Jade with a blue bow in her hair. "Tell me why I'm doing this again?" she asked, hesitantly.
"Discord fan fiction..." Chicken reminded her.
"Okay, okay..."
"Okay guys, I got the girl!"
"Justine!" Lightning got excited, much to his friends' annoyance.
"No, you dum-dum, it's Cindy!" Chicken showed the girl he brought for their practice date.
"CINDY!?" Lightning and Scott asked, totally shocked.
"Um, hi..." Cindy gave a small wave.
"What are you doing here?" Scott glanced at the younger girl.
"She's your practice date." Chicken explained.
"I can't believe I'm doing this." Cindy frowned.
"Discord fan fiction!" Chicken nudged her again.
Cindy sighed.
"Okay Scott, the first thing ya wanna do is compliment the girl on her outfit." Chicken instructed.
"Okay, Cindy... I mean Jade..." Scott said, trying to remain in character for the practice date. "I like your outfit, it's really nice."
"Thanks, Scott." Cindy replied.
"Now take her to the table." Chicken.
"Okay..." Scott said, and doing just that.
"Now, I want you to push in the chair for Cindy," Chicken explained, using tips he learned from his cousin Boneless. "That way, she thinks you're a gentleman."
"Right, got it." Scott nodded.
'Why did I get roped into this?' Cindy thought to herself.
"All right, Scott, the next thing you wanna do is make conversation with her." Chicken instructed then.
"Like what?" Scott asked.
Chicken shrugged. "I dunno... Make somethin' up."
Meanwhile, Mike and her group was watching this whole practice date in secret.
"He's gonna blow it." June sounded doomed for Scott.
"Not necessarily, Juniper," Double D shrugged to her with a hopeful smile for the devious teen. "Because Scott has feelings for Jade, it's very hard to say if she does in return, but if she does, then those two will live happily ever after like Romeo and Juliet... Only, except for the death part, at least... I hope..."
"You should write a novel, Mr. Romantic." Abby chuckled.