
-When we got home we started packing everything.Clothes,shoes,make up,jewelry,decorations,books,stuffed toys,posters,bags,laptop,you name it.
"Hi honey." my mom walked into my room with a smile.
"Hey." I replied bluntly,not making eye contact.
"Look,I know you're mad-"
"Does it show?" I asked sarcastically with a scoff.
"Yes,but you could use this opportunity to make new friends and start fresh.California is a beautiful place.Just give it a chance and you'll like it.There is always a good in something bad." She replied walking out of my room.
She's right.I should give it a chance.Im still mad though.
-*2 days later*
Today I wore light washed denium skinny jeans with a cute grey T-shirt and my black vans.Mayra wore a light blue T-shirt with white skinny jeans and her usual black converse with white laces.
Today was like every other day.Wake up,go to school blah blah blah.But at the end of the day,when we walked out of the corridors we were stopped at the sight of all of our friends standing in front of us.
"How would you two like to go to the beach?"
-
We all arrived at the beach and sat down in the sand talking about our lives and memories in school until I felt an arm around my shoulder.It was Rene.Rene was a good looking guy.He has black hair that's always in his usual quiff,brown eyes and whatever but he wasn't exactly my type.I smiled at him and turned back,listening to everyone's conversation.
"I'm really going to miss you." Rene whispered into my ear.
"Me too." I replied with a smile.
We all sat here for the rest of the day talking and laughing.
"We're really going to miss you two." Natalie spoke up.
"Yeah." Javier said looking at Mayra and I.
"Don't make us cry." I said,laughing as I felt tears starting to form.
"Yeah." Mayra said.
"I will always love you two.You guys will always hold a special place in our hearts and we will never forget about you." Rebeca said and everyone nodding in agreement.
"Guuuyss." Mayra and I said at the same time as tears starting to fall onto out cheeks.
"Aaaww." Everyone said standing up and pulling us onto a group hug.
"I love you all."