
althea ;
*flashback*
"Everyone, welcome a new student, Althea [al-th-ey-a]. Welcome to 4th grade." said my new teacher, Ms. Nichols, she lightly pushed me forward, all eyes were on me. I felt my hands shaking, a few smiled. I felt somewhat comfortable.
"So I need someone to be special helper today, and that will be you Shawn - today help Althea with whatever she needs." she smiles directly to the boy sat in the middle of the room, who's sat next to another boy, with dark brown hair, who I already knew as Aaron.
He nods, and Ms. Nichols tells me to seat myself on the empty chair, opposite Shawn and next to a girl, with blonde hair, neatly braided.
I approach the table and take a seat, Ms carries on telling us about what we were learning that lesson, well I found myself staring at the small boy, who found himself starting at me.
I guess you could call it, bestfriend at sight. From that day, we became extra close, and to this day we still are. Along with our other bestfriends, Aaron and Madison [not beer, lmao not sorry].
-
*present day*
"Howdy squadrin" I cheese, as I place my tray down and place myself at the table.
"Howdy fatty," Madison says, as she gleams at me with her newly tightened braces.
"Hey there smelly" Shawn and Aaron say, both glancing at each other, this causing them to laugh, because they think they're funny.
"Ha-ha! So funny" I exaggerate, taking a sip of the carton of juice.
"Yo, how are you 3 man squad? And a beautiful lady" Luke says, as he places his arm around my shoulder and kisses my cheek, causing me to blush.
"I'm not a man, oh my. That's not even funny Luke." Madison glares at him, which in returns with a laughing in her face.
"Be nice. For once, damn." Shawn says, taking a cold chip and chucking it at Luke.
"Woah, baby cousin. Stop right there." Luke says, picking up the chip from the bench, and chucking it in another direction.
I'm dating Shawn's older cousin, I wouldn't say I love him. Maybe strong feelings, but there was something there, we started dating two months ago and were taking things slow.
"Don't you just hate it when someone emphasises you're related to them, plus I'm only younger then you by two months, get over yourself." Shawn retorts, acting as if Luke's not sat there for the first part, I giggle little at the comment, then the bell rings, signalling lesson time.
I give Luke a small peck, and link arms with Shawn and he walks me to my next lesson. Maths. Great. Cool. Life.
-
lol idk how i feel.wowowowowowowowowo BYE