
Chapter 4-At the conjunction  house-
The house was so interesting.  There was a game room full of arcades, a pool in the back, allot of bedrooms, it was like a mansion kind of. Prod and Ray was playing in the game room and Prince and Jenna was talking for a long time, I think they might last I thought to myself. I walked in the room where roc was boxing with a Gatorade in my hand because I know he would be thirsty.  "A drink,  thanks baby" he says while sweat dripping off his body. His shirt was off and everything and I was praying to myself because he so darn sexy with them 8 packed abs. He sat down and I decided to sit on him. He hold me tight although I didn't want him to because you know he sweaty, I run my hands through his curls and smiled. I started to talk.
Me- baby would you ever break my heart like Jessica?
Roc- hell no baby, I'm inlove with you. something I wasn't with Jessica. You my world and I would like to evolve around you everyday
I smiled to him and he gave me a warm kiss. He invited his tongue in and it quickly turn into a makeout session. I felt his friend was getting hard so I pulled away. He smirked knowing what happened
Roc- I love you baby girl
Me- I love you too.
This was a touching moment until we heard screaming  downstairs. ??- I want to see Roc where is he!? Me and Roc went downstairs to see what was all the commotion and of course it was the thought herself.... Jessica.
Prince P.O.V
Finally I have a part in this but anyway Jenna is so freaking cute. We talked for a long time and she has a great personality.  I wanted her to be mines instantly so I asked if she would go out with me and of course she said yes, I mean who could resist me and this fro? Through laughing and giggling we heard the door knocked. I got up and went to open the door.  I saw Jessica standing there. "Uh Jessica what you doing here?  I asked
Jessica- Um is Roc here?
Me- Uh yea but your not gonna come in
Jessica- Oh really
She smirked and push me out the way. "I WANT TO SEE ROC WHERE IS HE!? She screamed. Everyone came to see what was going on. Roc and Chelsea came downstairs and immediately had a disgusted face on. "Rocky poo" Jessica cries. "Please take me back I love you" she pleaded to him. Roc quickly got mad.
Roc- So you came here wanting me to take you back knowing I won't and you disrespecting my woman right when she's here?! GTFO! You thot I know what happen with you and that boy in biology class he told me, turns out you was cheating on me! Is you forreal? Get out my face with that crap! Everyone just looked at him.
Chelsea P.O.V
She started to cry and ran out. I was actually shocked to what he said because he always  told me he doesn't like  breaking girls heart but now he shows that don't get him mad though. "Baby I was gonna leave anyway" I told him