
Chapter 2
Chelsea P.O.V
After a long day at school I was drained out but I had to do my project.  Today wasn't that bad but that Chresanto dude really was cute, more like sexy. I wonder if he has a girlfriend? Anyway as soon as I got home I saw the note my mom left say they will be back in two weeks and whatnot. I went and took a shower. I got out after 15 minutes and wrapped a towel around me. I went to put on basketball shorts and a white tank top. I put my hair in a messy bun but it was cute. I grab a pair of socks and put them on. I went to the kitchen to find something to eat then the doorbell rang. I didn't even look in the peek hole so I just opened the door. There I see standing Chresanto. "Came to start on the project" he says. I moved out the way and let him in. Man was he cute but I don't wanna make things awkward. You know when  you have a crush and you just don't know how to act around them. " nice home " he complimented. " nice face" I said under my breath but I think he heard me. "You think my face nice?" He says. I blushed a little but quickly turned my head. " no Um uh I said nice vase" I say while awkardly admiring the vase that was on the table. He gave me that cute confused face but then smiled. I smiled back. I grab our materials for the project. We was doing a scientific project on atoms and had to make a model or representation about what it is and how it functions and blah blah blah. We started around 5:00 and ended around 5:40. As we did the project we got to know each other, surprisingly we have alot in common. Then he asked me something out of the blue.  "You have a boyfriend? I just stared at him and said no. I asked him the same question unfortunately he said yes but started talking about how difficult she can be or what ever.  "Then why don't you break up with her? I asked. "It's not that I won't I just don't like breaking girls heart you know, and in case you didn't know I'm a leo" he says. I look into his eyes and saw innocence and strength, he did the same. "If I was to break up with someone for a person I really like is that bad" he questioned.  " Good and bad I guess" I said back. He kept looking at me and suddenly our lips met one another. It was a passionate kiss but I felt bad. His lips was big and juicy and worth kissing but I pulled away and he quickly apologize. "it's okay" I stated. Wow I haven't even been in L.A for a month and haven't even known this guy for the longest and we already locking lips. Idk maybe I got distracted by his cuteness. The project was done and I decided to keep it and return it tomorrow.  "I'll see you to tomorrow then" I say as I lead him out. " Yea, we should maybe talk some more" he smiled. I nod then he left. I shut the door and took a breather. I locked every door and slid in bed thinking about Chresanto.  Am I inlove?
Okay I don't know if this chapter is good but I did the best I can. Sorry if it's short. Leave comments and tell what you think. (P.s if you want to be In the story, message me, only accepting two people) i will be updating more stories tomorrow,  be waiting
-springtimelemonlime