
Chapter 9
(Skipped to thursday, day of the trip)
Chelsea P.O.V
Throughout the whole week my parents haven't spoken to me, well barely. I mean when my mom would cook food, she would call me to eat or if she need something she would ask but other than that it was silence between us. Why couldn't she support me? She's my mom I should be taking this kind of energy from dad but it's the other way around. I been trying to keep my grades up. My teachers knows the situation about me and this pregnancy so they would send me homework to me at home when I wasn't at school. They arranged something out so I was good. I been staying at home lately.  At home I would get bored or go out and just do chores. But I was too excited to worry about what's been happening because today I was headed to Malibu! I started packing already.  I have told my dad about this trip but not my mom. My dad accepted it under one condition... he meets the baby's father. Woopty doo -.- well he was going to have to meet him sooner or later so it didn't really bug me. I got a text from chresanto saying 'be ready at 12:00' I smiled it was 11:30 I had  20 minutes to get everything I need for this trip. I texted back saying ok. I went to the kitchen  and my mom made fettechini and mash potatoes. Boy was I hungry. My stomach gotten bigger, I don't even know how lol.  She was just finishing up everything. I grabbed my plate and took the giant spoon and nearly took the whole pot. I felt eyes staring at me. My mom was. She sighed "Chelsea, I know about the trip today" I stopped and looked at her. "Your father told me, what hurts is you didn't bother to tell me" I looked at her with sympathy in my eyes. "Mom, you didn't talk to me for nearly a whole week, I just thought you didn't care especially how you walked off on me about the pregnancy" I tried to hold back tears. "Baby,  I'm sorry about this, about this whole thing, but when you said you were pregnant I just felt my whole world came crashing down and not talking to you really hurt" I saw a tear roll down her cheek. I went to hug her. "Mom I love you so much, and I'm sorry for everything that I have done to you, please forgive me" I pleaded while tears scrolled down her shoulders. She smiled " I forgive, but you know I want to meet this guy of yours" I nodded my head. I finished eat and went to get my suitcase. Chresanto  called and said he would be here in less than ten minutes. I wore those kind of dress where it's short in the front and long in the back. It was lime green and I wore the sandals that had a bow on top. I put a little makeup on not to much. I put my hair in a perfect bun and grabbed my purse and passport. I went downstairs.  And said my goodbyes then rocked was outside. He walked out the car that was for ray (ray was driving) and helped me with my suitcase. Jenna smiled and kissed me softly.  I got in the car and we were headed for the airport.
-Airport-
We arrived and I was excited and so was roc. We got out and grabbed our belongings.  "Aye bring me a sexy Asian when yall get back" Ray joked. We chuckled and said our goodbyes. We went inside and did everything we had to do,  go through security,  get our tickets show passport just everything.  The flight attendant boarded us to the plane. We found a good spot in the back and put or main stuff in the cubby above. We smiled to eachother.  I was soo excited. Roc got up and went to ask the flight attendant a question. A cute light skin boy came and was gonna sit in front of us. He saw me and smiled.  I smiled back. "Hey, I'm diggy" he says nicely with his sexy voice. "Hi, I'm chelsea" I say back. "What beautiful name for for a beautiful girl" I blushed. He smiled once more at me then roc came. He saw diggy was flirting with me. "is everything okay babe?" He says while glaring at diggy. I nodded. I could see diggy was disappointed because he knows I'm cuff. But Roc was mines and that was that plus I was having his baby. The flight attendant told everyone to stay seated and that we are about fly. Everyone grabbed there place and stayed put.  We saw the plane moving and soar up to the sky. I layed my head on roc shoulder. He kissed my forehead.  Here we go.