
Chapter 5
My eyes widen as the sun creeped over the horizon. I woke up and I see Roc wasn't here then I took a swift of something cooking. I grab a big t-shirt since you know I was still naked. I guess he decided not to go to school today so I'm not either. I went downstairs and see him cooking bacon, eggs, and biscuits. "Goodmorning angel" he greeted then kissed me. I smiled and he got our plates ready."so you decided not to go to school today babe? I questioned.  "Yea wasn't feeling like going and neither did you" he chuckled he gave me my breakfast and got his. We talked and whatnot then suddenly I had the erge to vomit. I ran in the bathroom and Roc ranned after me. I hovered over the toilet and began vomiting.  Roc rubbed my back and making sure I was okay. I got up and washed my face. Wow what is going on? I thought to myself. I mean I know I'm not pregnant right? I shook off the thought and went and took a shower and brush my teeth. Today I was just thinking about staying inside today and just chill with Roc but he had to leave and go get some clothes from his home and too tell his mom he was at a friends house so she wouldn't worry. I went on my phone (IPhone 6s) and looked on instagram. No activity really going on. Then I saw a tag that I was tagged in. It was Jenna and Prince together stating they go out and Prince is her world and ishh.  I smiled and was happy for her. I turned on the t.v. and watched the SpongeBob marathon. As time flew by I was really craving for alot of stuff to eat like a big Mac and french fries and ice cream and cookies so I texted Roc.
-Phone convo-
Rockypoo❤- Bae can you buy a big mac, make that two, some french fries (large), ice cream and cookies from McDonald's please
|C|- well aren't you a hungry hippo, ok babe I gotchu
Rockypoo❤- thanks I love you
|C|-I love you too
I smiled and was thinking about maybe if I really am pregnant. Is chres gonna get mad?
Jenna P.O.V
Finally it's bestfrann part. Anyway I'm in class just speaking to friends and start wondering about Chelsea. I don't think she came to school today. I asked ray who was beside me. "Ray did Chelsea come today? I asked. "Uh I don't know I don't think so but now that you mention it have you seen Roc" he asked. I nodded my head no. What happen to them I hope there okay. I took out my phone and texted her.
-Phone convo-
Ms.Misfit- Chels are you okay? I haven't see  you today
Rockypoo❤- Yea I just haven't choose to come
Ms.Misfit- Oh okay just making sure
Rockypoo❤- btw come by my house after school I have something to speak with you about
Ms.Misfit- Kk
I closed my phone and began talking to my friends again.
Chresanto P.O.V