
Chapter 8
-Friday- (skipped)
After school i went straight home. Today was the day my parent was coming home. Less than an hour. I was freaking out, pacing around the house to find a way to tell my parents I was pregnant. My belly was showing a bump and of course they would see it so I had to think of something fast. I decided to call jenna and ask for her advice, I didn't know what to do.
-Phone convo-
-rings-
Jenna- Hello
Me- jen I need your help
Jenna- what's up honey bun
Me- OK so my parent are coming today in less than an hour and you know how my belly is starting to show, what should I do?
Jenna- Tell them the truth
Me- What! I don't know
Jenna- They are going to eventually wanna know who's the father,and you got pregnant what's done is done you can't change that
Me- Jenna this is so easy for, your not in my shoes
Jenna- -chuckles- I know I'm your bestfriend and all but who told you to have sex, and at least you could of remember to use a condom
Me- Your right I'm just gonna say the truth
Jenna- Good girl
Me- Not today
Jenna and I finished said goodbyes and closed the line. To clear time, I cleaned the house as neat as possible, made the living look nice, cleaned every bathroom, everything looked decent only 30 minutes or so until they come. I went to sit in the living room and watch my favorite reality show "Basketball Wives". Those ladies were funny to me in some way. I can't believe Megan from bad girls club joined the vh1 family. I went to the kitchen and whip up some spaghetti and meatballs with chocolate syrup. Don't judge me. After i was done with the food i heard shuffles of key from within the doorlock. My parents were home...Here goes nothing.
As soon as the door opened I put a slight smile on my face. My mom saw me and ran and gave me a big hug. She stop and her smile faded away. She looked in my eyes then down to my stomach. She gasped. "Chelsea what is this" she slightly yells while pointing to my stomach. My dad came in from taking all their luggage out the car. He looked at my mom. "Honey what's wrong" with sympathy in his eyes. I looked at both of them and my dad quickly glares at my stomach. "Chelsea are you pregnant ?" My dad asked sternly. Disappointed, I nodded my head slowly. I kept on looking down until I felt a sharp sting went across my face. My mom slapped me with much rage in her. You know how when your parents hit you or something and you just want to be the bullets out of them but you can't. That's how I felt, I wasn't the type to let anyone just hit me. "WE BEEN GONE FOR 2 WEEKS AND THIS HOW YOU DO US REALLY CHELSEA" my mother says while tear pours out her face. She excused herself from the area and went to the bathroom. I mean yes I'm pregnant but I'm a senior with a 4.0 GPA even though I'm young this baby is here so it is what it is. "Chelsea babygirl your my daughter and I'll support you in anyway, but you really disappointed me and your mother" and with that he got up and went to his room. I thought for a while then needed to take a walk. I texted Chresanto and he said meet him at the park. I walked over there just thinking about alot of stuff that was going through my mind. As I approach the park I see Chresanto swing on the swings. I went to him and then her got off. I told him everything that happen.