

I slid underneath the table to where I found the gun. I unstrapped it from its handle and made my way to the front bedroom. If I could get to the phone I could call the agents and  they would come get me out of this mess but for some reason I figured I would have to deal with this on my own. I made my way quietly down the hall the big shaped man was still looking around trying to find clues for something I just couldn't tell what. I got behind the kitchen door to position myself if he came in but I really hope he wouldn't. As if god heard my prayers Agent cooper the C.I.A agent assigned to keep me safe was walking through the door with the handcuffed man at her side.
I had officially had enough of this bullshit it had been 2 weeks since dad had died and I have been in three safe houses and in every single one someone found me and every single time someone found me agent cooper came rushing to the rescue. I was bored of the same routine I wanted to go home and back to school to my friends and pretend like nothing happened. Pretend that I wasn't awoken late on that Thursday night to the sound of the cops knocking on my door.
I rushed back into my temporary bedroom and started packing my things I already knew how this was going to go. I heard a knock on my door and instantly turned around to be facing a tall blue eyed black haired man in a suit. I could tell by the way he was dressed he was an agent like cooper but there was something different about him but the way he was positioned instantly made me know he was here to deliver bad news.
He casually sat on the end of my bed and looked at me with the look dad gave me whenever he had to miss a birthday for a "business trip". which I recently found out was a code for travelling the world to fight bad guys the kind you see in movies or read in books it was ridiculous.
The man let out a brief sigh before introducing himself as Matthew I put out my hand and said " Alexia but you can call me Lexi" He gripped my hand firmly and shook it and for the first time since he walked in I looked into his mesmerizing blue eyes very much like my fathers. I had inherited all my looks from my mother. I was dark haired and brown eyed just like her but she was tall and graceful and I was let's just say not the tallest or most graceful person. Matthew couldn't have been any older than 21 years old. I was getting eager to know the bad news that I couldn't help myself so I spitted out " so what is lay it on me." Matthew looked genuinely surprised and I gave him a weak smile.
He stood up towering over me and announced that there was a car out waiting for us and he would explain everything on the way. Before I could ask where we were going he had already zipped up my suitcase and was carrying it out the door.