
Roc- you sure?
Me- Yea
Roc- aight I can take you home
I nodded in agreement and asked Jenna if she was coming too. She said no and that prince was taking her home. She was actually very excited and told me she'll call me later. Roc grabbed all his stuff and walked me home because the house wasn't that far. We talked all the way home. Once we got there it was 7:30 (the time while in the conjunction house 5 so they spent 2 hrs) "Uh so I'll see you tmr baby" he says silently. I actually wanted him to stay for the night. I hugged him and said "can you stay with me for the night baby?" He looked at me and thinked about it and said yes. I unlocked the door and we got in and he went to sit down on the couch and open the t.v. I went upstairs to take a shower,  a good one too. I got out after 10 minutes and went in my room. I weared a white tank top with some booty shorts and put socks on and my hair in a pontytail. I went in the kitchen to eat and I felt eyes on me. He bit his lips and smirked. I shook my head
Me- Bae you want pizza?
Roc- Yea sure.
I put the frozen pizza in the oven for 350 degrees. (Dijorno was the pizza) i grabbed a glass of water and went in the living room  where roc was. I sat on his lap and he hold me in his muscular arms. "Where's your mom and dad" he asked me. " On a two week trip" I said blankly.  He didn't say nothing else instead he started to kiss me passionately. After 20 minutes of makeout session, the pizza was done. We ate and had a good time, of eating of course. He started to kiss my neck.  I moaned a little but I hope this wasn't going where I thought it would go. He gave me butterflies kisses down to boobs.ni arched my back and surprisingly liked what he was doing. He picked me up bridal style and went to my room. He slammed me on the bed and got in between my legs. He lift up my shirt and sucked on my belly. He took of his shirt and winked at me. I was so nervous. He slowly took off my shirt and and unbuckled my bra and popped out my big breasts. He sucked on one boob and played with the other. He then slid down my shorts. He stick two fingers I'm me and had me throbbing. I couldn't stop what was happening because it felt so good. He went slow then fast and I was moaning to the max. He got on top of me and gave me that 'are you sure look' I nodded. He kissed me and I felt the tip of his manhood inserted in me than the rest of it. I screamed and moaned . At first it was pain but it didn't take long to quickly turn to pleasure. After hitting it from the back, we reached our climax and fell upon eachother. The room was hot and humid and sweats dripping off our bodies. He wrapped me in his arms. "I love you" he whispers. " I love you too" Then quickly fell asleep.
So I hope you guys like this chapter!-springtimelemonlime