
Chapter 3
Chresanto P.O.V
So today I wanted to look a little better and you guys already know why so yea. I got out the shower and wrapped a towel around my waist. I grabbed the special outfit I was gonna put on today and fixed my hair. I grabbed my bag and went downstairs and greeted my mom. "Well you look glowing today" she says astonishingly.  "Thanx ma just trying out new styles" I smiled. I finished eat breakfast and said goodbye to my mom. My father was a drug addict when I was little and he left me and my mom, long story short he was a bad guy but I found a place in my heart to love him. I arrived at school and saw the group and went over to them. "Wassup roc" Prodigy says while dapping me up. I greeted everyone and we talked until it was time to go to class. As I was walking in the hallway I saw Chelsea and the project her hand. She looked so pretty, she was wearing a floral dress with flats and her hair in a nicely done bun with studded earings.  As I was about to walk over to her my "girlfriend" came over to me and started complaining about how she never see me and all this other bull crap. I only have her for first period and that's it so I believe that's a blessing. " Chres I never see you are you cheating on me? She says. I rolled my eyes.  Don't get me wrong I loved  Jessica but I don't feel inlove with her. I finished talked to her and we went to class. "Okay if you guys have projects set them over there on the counter. Most people went but others stayed. "You got until Wednesday to turn it in" she continues. I glanced over at Chelsea.
Chelsea P.O.V
I went to go and set our project on the counter and went back to my seat. Once again I saw that Jessica girl eye balling me with an hatred look. Weird. As I sat down I saw Chresanto looking at me. " Chresanto why you keep looking at me" I questioned.  " please call me roc or chres I dont like Chresanto sounds uhh" he replies. "Well roc why you keep looking at me? I asked once again. " because your beautiful" he made me blush to the max.  Then that Jessica girl came to sit by us. " what are we talking about" she smirked at me. " Jessica what are you doing?" Roc asked getting irritated.  "Nothing just to come say hi to my boo" she smiled then look at me. She leaned to roc and kissed him but his lips wasn't making no movement. I turned my head. I was heartbroken but it didn't matter because he wasn't my boyfriend. I saw roc push her off. "Jessica just stop, everything just stop. You know what I love you Jessica and all but I cant do this no more I wanna break up with you" he says , I was shock but happy at the same time. " what! You and me are soulmates" she claims. She yelled so loud that the whole classroom turned to look at us. She started getting teary eyed and left the classroom. Mrs . Matthews ran after her to get her. Roc looked at me and smiled slightly then put his head down.  I don't think he was sad I think he was relieved and so was I.
-Lunch Time-
It was time for lunch and I decided to eat with a few friends I made in other classes. "CHELSEA" I heard someone screamed my name while running in the cafeteria. It was my best friend Jenna. " Omg" I screamed I got up and hugged her" I missed you" I say. " I miss you too" she says. we caught up with everything because I didn't know she was here, she couldve at least called me and tell me but I guess she wanted it to be a surprise. I heard someone cleared there throat.  I turned around and I see Jessica with her thoterage.  "You think I don't know what you try to do? tryna steal my man? If I ever see you near him or have communication with him I will tear you to shreds" she says raginglly.  I look at her as if she was crazy. Jenna responded " erm little chick I don't know who you talking to but I hope it's not my bestfriend". "Who's talking to you? "Girl you talk- I cut jenna off. " it's okay jenn I can handle it" I said cleverly.  "Ain't no one tryna steal your man, your man want me and so what? --Sings- Anything you she do I can do better. She got mad and stomped away. I don't know why I waste my breath on people like that. Me and Jenna started walking to my house, when I see a group of boys Prod, Prince, Ray, and ofc Roc. We passed by them  but they stopped us. "So Chelsea you ain't gon introduce me to your friend" prince says while biting his lip at jenna. She blushed. I greeted all of them then I looked at Roc who stays looking at me like WTF. "Chelsea can I talk to you for a moment" hee finally says.  We went away for a moment. "Yea?" I waited " Uhm do you maybe wanna uhm wanna go out with me? He says shyly. I smiled, I was so happy then I said yes. He looked in my eyes and I looked in his pretty brown eyes. He leaned in and kisses me. It felt like fireworks. "GET IT MY DAWGG" Ray yells while looking at us. I blushed hard. We all decided  to go to a conjunction house where they always chilled at. Seems like prince and Jenna are hitting it off pretty good. I'm starting to get attached to roc and I'm starting to feel maybe i even love him