
Chapter 6
(Still Chelseas pov)
Today I got up for school ready and prepared. Today was a friday and I was happy the week was over with. My parents were coming next Friday. I was wearing something casual, a white tee with overalls and my white Nike Air forces. I put my hair in a low ponytail and did my makeup just right not to much. I was feeling like I haven't eaten and years. Okay now I'm worried.  If I'm pregnant will roc bail on me? How would my friends and family react? I put the thought away for now and headed to school. I open the school doors and went to my locker. I heard grunting in the janitors closet since my locker was by it. My nosey self went to look and peek and what i saw was totally uncalled for...I saw roc and Jessica getting it in, hard too. A tear fell from my eye and unto my hand. The bell ranged and i walked to first period. I was mad, sad, confused and just my emotions were everywhere. I wasn't talking to no one and just wanted to be left alone.  Roc and Jessica came in late and it wasn't a surprise to me. "Mr. August and Mrs.Stone, nice for you to join  us" Mrs.Matthews says. Jessica gave me a smirk and took her seat. Roc walked to his seat and smiled at me but his smile quickly faded when he saw I wasn't in the mood. "What's wrong babygirl" Roc whispers because Mrs.Matthew was lecturing. I rolled my eyes and barely looked at him. My eyes started  getting teary eyed again. The whole day roc tried to talk to me I didn't listen and tried to avoid him. The boys and Jenna asked if I was okay and everything and I decided I wanted Jenna to sleepover tonight and she agreed.
-6:00-
Jenna- so what's been going on with you today
Me- you don't wanna know
Jenna- just tell me if I didn't want to know I wouldn't ask
Me- Roc cheated on me
Jenna- What! ? You serious
Me- Yea and I think I might be pregnant
Jenna stared at me blankly this was alot for her to take in at the moment.
Jenna- you think?
Me- Yea I mean I been eating alot and Me and Roc did do it
Jenna- have you tried taking a test
Me - Well no
Jenna- well lucky for you I have a pregnancy test right here in my bag. Don't ask why
I looked at her like why would you have a pregnancy test in your bag? She gave it to me and I went to the bathroom. I did my business then let it sit for a few minutes. The thing started beeping and just like I thought it has two bars. I put my hands in my face. I'm only 16 and a senior barely started my life yet now I'm having a baby. I sighed I guess it is what it is I went downstairs and showed Jenna.  She was happy for me and I loved her support but I don't know what to think right now. Just then the doorbell ringed. I opened and saw roc and Prince standing there. Woopty doo -.- I moved aside and let them in. Jenna and Prince went in the backyard and chill.  I sat in the living room watching back to back episodes that's so raven. Roc came to sit by me and  I moved a little. "Baby what's wrong" he asked. "Well you wanna know what's wrong? You think I didn't see you and Jessica in the janitor closet! My voiced raised a little.  He stared at me knowing I was rights. I chuckled " and to think I thought you was the one, do you know Im  having your baby? I told him. I wasn't the type to yell and screamed my lungs out for boys or anyone.  I know I couldn't count on anyone in this world so why waste my energy.