
"Do not give up, the beginning is always the hardest." ~a fortune cookie•••"I'm gonna miss you so much Lils. I'll send you the post with the owl like u said too." A small blonde cried as she buried her head into the chest of an older red headed girl.
The two sisters were hugging each other tightly as the rest of the family were giving the two a moment to themselves.
"I'll miss you too Chan(Shan)but we'll see each other at Christmas." Lily said pulling back from the little girl.
Lily took her trolley and ran through the barrier just as the professor had told them.
The little girl sniffled and took the hand of her oldest sister, Petunia, who smiled sadly down at her.
The two sisters, hand in hand walked behind their parents toward their car.
Chandelier POV~~I woke up and sat up on my bed.
It was a dream.
I smiled to myself a little, it was exactly six years when that happened.
Six years since Lily last acknowledged me. It's a bit depressing but I'm not alone! I still have Tuny, my sketch book, and dancing...ok that's still depressing I guess. I dance ballet because it's graceful, and i do Lyrical as well because I can express my feelings through it and I release all my emotions.
It was a bit hard on my eight year old self, when I learned that Lily no longer cared for me.
It was Christmas holiday and Lily was coming home from Hogwarts. I was so happy and I was excited to hear from her, I mean she never answered my letters, only mum's and dad's.
I assumed that she was too busy to answer mine along with everyone else's.
I even drew a picture of me with her as a present to give to her.
I still remember the words she said to me.
"Lily!" I screamed and hugged her. She didn't hug me back. She pushed me off and I looked up at her with wide eyes, my lower lip trembling.
"Don't touch me you pathetic little brat" she spat at me looking at me in disgust. I gasped, hurt and shocked. She never said anything like that to me. I scrambled to my feet and ran up the stairs looking back one last time at Lily. She looked a bit regretful but it was probably because mum and dad were yelling at her.("LILIANA EVANS! HOW DARE YOU!)
I opened the door to my room and closed it leaning my back against the door. I felt my eyes watering and a few tears slip out.
I walked slowly to my desk and picked up the drawing. I hugged it and laid down on my bed and slowly drifted to sleep.
After that she never really talked to me. Not even at Hogwarts. Oh yeah.. I forgot to mention, I'm a witch. I'm entering my fourth year while Lily is entering her seventh year.
I'm not particularly good at magic. I suck at potions. I'm miserable in herbology. I'm a terror in transfiguration. I'm dead in DADA. I'm only okay in Charms. It seems that Lily got all the genes, in magic and looks.
She has beautiful auburn locks and bright emerald green eyes. She has a lovely figure and she's smart as well. She has top marks in everything. It's no wonder that she has practically all of Hogwarts at her feet. She's the Gryffindor princess. Golden girl of Hogwarts.
What am I?
The Hufflepuff duffer. The loser. The target for everything bad.
I bet you that Lily and her boyfriend, Potter, will get the heads this year. But it's still a month before any of the letters will arrive.