
Chapter 7
Today I woke up having a headache so I got up and went to find some advil. I got a glass of water and swallowed the pill.  I went to go look on my phone and I had 44 unread messages and 22 calls, most of them were from roc and some were from my parents and friends. I saw Jenna still sleeping, I wanted to wake her up but she looked so peaceful.  I got up and went to take a shower and everything. I put on sweatpants and a hoodie sweater and put my hair in a pontytail.  I went to the kitchen and started making breakfast. I heard Jenna waking up and came to the kitchen. "Oo that smells good" she says while taking a sniff of the food. I chuckled and was done cooking everything.  Boy was I hungry, I made eggs and bacon, french toast, sausage, and grabbed some ice cream with cottage cheese. Jenna looked at me as if I was crazy. "Pregnant mama you gon eat all that" she says chucking.  I nodded my head and she went to get some of the food. I turned on the t.v and watch some of the sports channel. They was doing a review on the stephan curry and lebron James game last night. I was confused,  people used to like lebron now they wanna act. I guess this is the world we live in. I looked on instagram and saw alot of memes of lebron saying "you wasn't ready for that curry" or "lebron don't cry it wasn't meant to be" I shook my head. "I'm going to take a shower" jenna says I she walked upstairs.  I finished my food and went to the living room. I heard the door knock and thought who might it be on calming Saturday morning. To be honest I didnt want to be bothered. I opened the door and saw prince, ray, and prod all standing there, I moved aside and they all came in and sat.
Me- so what brings you guys here?
Prince- well its about roc
Me- (rolls eyes) what about him
Ray- well he told us everything that happen between you too, he loves you chels, take him back
Me- and why should I
Prod- Well we know you love him, and he told us you is having his baby
Me- What! Ugh I didn't want to tell you guys yet but I guess it was gonna come out sooner or later
Ray- he's been all down, and doesn't want to talk to no one,  I mean you know how Leo's are. He just so mopy
Me- Really? (Everyone shakes head) has he told his family about the pregnancy?
Prince- I don't think so, like ray said he hasn't been talking to no one. Take him back
Me- (thinks) fine.... on one condition
Prod- what?
Me- Buy me velvet cupcakes, cookies, zebra cakes, and Chinese food
Everyone- Danmm
Me- Pleased
Prince- aiight we gotchu,  for a girl you sure can eat
They all got up and left "tell jenna I passed by" prince yelled. I nodded then left. Jenna came downstairs and came to sat by me. I wanted to go for a walk in the park so I got up and she came with. We talked about our lives and everything,  what might happen in the future and so and so. I got a call for my parents asking me how was I doing and if I went to school. I told them fine, but I wasn't fine. I' got pregnant while they were away. There gonna be soo mad. I'm not used to disrespecting them but this was a disrespecting way of showing them my appreciation, what will I do? I went back home and Jenna was going to go home too. I watched her as her mom came to pick her up and pulled off out of the driveway.  I got a text from roc and he texted me saying come outside. I was confused but I came out anyway. I saw a huge teddy bear with flowers.  Roc came from behind. He ran up to me and kissed me. "I'm so sorry for everything please be mine" he pleaded. I smiled and kisses him. The teddy bear was HUGE and the flowers smelled good. I let him inside and we talked and laughed  for what seems like years until he had to leave. He rubbed my stomach and kissed me and my belly. I looked as he drove away blowing me a kiss. I smiled and blew him one too. I was thinking about how fast everything occurred.  I was prepared for the worst.