
Chapter 1: Are you ready?
Chelsea P.O.V
"Chelsea, hunny wake up" my mom says as she gently shakes me. I just groan and told her wait another five minutes because I'm tired. "Then you'll be late for school" I open one eye and just sighed. I woke up and I looked a mess. "Are you ready for your new school?" She says excitingly. I gave her that " I guess" look." Breakfast is down stairs and don't forgot me and your father are leaving this afternoon for the two week trip so I left you $500 dollars on the card". I nod my head and got prepared. She kissed my forehead and left out the room. I did my daily routine and hygiene. I curled my hair that was about the length of my waist. I grabbed my eyeliner and put a little on and put lip gloss also. I was gonna wear a black shirt that says "Try Me" that cut above my belly button and skinny jeans that fitted just right and my gamma 11's. I put studded diamond earrings and looked at myself in the mirror. I was looking cute I would say for myself. I grabbed my bookbag said my goodbyes to my parents and left. My school was just across the street from my house which I liked but didn't at the same time. I walked into the office and got my schedule. The principle escorted me to my first period. We walked inside the class and immediately all eyes were on us. The principle walked over to the teacher and talk for a few minutes which was like forever. I was just standing there and people kept on looking. I was getting irritated. I hated that feeling.
Chresanto P.O.V
The whole class was just chillin and talking to one another. I was just talking to my boys, Prodigy, Ray, and Prince when we saw the principal and new girl come in. DANM was she fine and I couldn't take my eyes off of her especially that bootay. "Roc! ROC! Prince yelled silently. I looked towards him not knowing a clue I was drooling. "Oooo rocky poo got a crush" Ray joked. I looked at him crazy "Gay and nahh I don't like her" I lied. "Well let's get back too talking" prod says. I wasn't even listening to be honest so they went back to talk. She was just standing there waiting for the principle to stop talking to Mrs. Matthews. She looked around the classroom and took a glance at me. I turned my head not wanting her to know I was looking at her. Once I turned back she was looking at something else. The principal finally finished his conversation then left. "Everyone say hello to our new student mrs. Simmons" Mrs Matthews said. The classroom filled the room with hellos and told her to sit between me and Prince. I was kinda nervous actually which was weird because I'm that chilled and laid back kind of guy. She came and sat and I took a glance at her. "May I help you" she says but not in a rude way but not in a nice way either. " uh Um ehh" I studdered."I'm sorry I shouldn't have say it liked that uhm Im Chelsea" She smiles and her dimples showed. OMG she so beautiful I thought to myself. "Uh I'm Chresanto but I'm mostly named by roc" we shook hands and she went on her phone. I took a swift of he fragrance that was bouncing right off of her, she smelled like roses. "Okay class listen up" Mrs Matthews begins. " I will be pairing you guys up on a special scientific project" (it's science class btw) everyone groans and sighs."Prince with Angela" she says first. "Sarah with Greg" she says second, "Chresanto and Chelsea" at that point I smiled inside of me. I mean I liked little shawty and knowing the fact I would spend time with her is a good feeling to me. " Uh so Chelsea we working together on this project uhm do you want me to come to your house or?" I questioned. "Sure here's my number and address" she wrote it down on a piece of paper. "Wait you live right across the street from here" she nodded. The bell ringed and 1st period was over. Throughout the rest of the day was boring I just wanted to go home but guess what shawty had all of my classes so it wasn't that boring. Maybe I'm falling head over heels for this one.