
Just incase you guys were confused the guys are 18 almost 19 and the girls are 18 but their younger than the guys buuutttt, but the guys look like (the pic) just because I like that look but they always look good so byeee my beautiful little monsters!!!! Song: Damage By Fit For Rivals-----------------------------------I woke up to my phone's ringtone blaring. Jeez. I saw Andy sat up abruptly and rubbing his neck groaning in pain and plopping back down back on the bed.
I looked to see who called me and 'Favorite Bitch' popped up on the screen...Bella.
"Hey fucker." I said.
"Where the hell are you I havent seen you in a couple days get yo ass back home!!" She yelled into the phone.
"Jeez can you not."
I rolled out of bed and immediately fell on the floor.
"Shit." Andy peeked over the bed.
I hung up on Bella.
"Is this a regular thing for you, to fall off the bed."
I rolled my eyes and pushed his face away. "Oh hush." I got up and found my shorts by the dresser. My legs still felt a little wobbly so I almost fell. Andy was quick to catch me.
"Where are you going?"
"Bella wants me home you can come if you want." I said.
He nodded slowly letting go. I walked over to my shorts and pulled them on along with my shoes, Andy just stared at me.
"Im keeping your shirt for now...or forever." I said.
I ran out of the room with him following me and out the door crossing the street as soon as I was in the yard she came out and tackled me in a hug.
"Oof." We both fell on the ground while the guys just laughed at us.
"Bella....cant....breath....here...." I struggled to say she let go "sorry, come on lets go shopping." she said pulling me to my jeep.
"You guys are coming to lets go." She yelled and pushed them to their car.
We got in and drove to the mall.
"So, you smell like him, your wearing his shirt, and you spent two nights with him..." she said wiggling her eyebrows at me.
"Ok, before you ask no we didnt fuck two his colonge smells good so I kept the shirt, three im just really lazy and four he was trying to help me with the whole feeding off of humans thing." I said but a small part of me just really wanted to keep the shirt because it was his.
I tied it in the back because it almost covered my shorts so now I had a tail.
"Sure."
I rolled my eyes and we finally pulled up at the mall.
We got out and the first store we went into was hot topic. I got some new piercings some ripped jeans and a few shirts.
Next was Victoria Secret...oh lord.
Me and Bella told the guys where we were going and that we will meet them in the food court but then CC had an oh so wonderful idea.
"Erin has to have someone go with her because we have to take precautions so...Andy go." he said pushing Andy towards me.
"This is going to be fun." I said sarcastically. I grabbed his hand and Bella already walked in.
I dragged him to the store and once we got there he was the only boy in there.
He blushed and looked uncomfortable. I saw these ditsy blondes looking over at him just staring him down two of them i happened to notice were bitch 1 and bitch 2.