
Song: We Don't Belong By Black Veil Brides------------------------------------It was now lunch and we could go anywhere for lunch so I went to eat "out". Me and Bella walked out of the school and into the woods she went one way and I went the other.
I was planning on just grabbing an animal but then I saw an oh so lonely person just taking a walk.
I snuck up behind him and sunk my fangs into his neck while I muffled his screams with my other hand.
After I finished sucking up every last drop I heard rustling and swore I saw one of Andy's friends.
I quickly set the body on fire and it instantly burst in to flames and disappeared. I was about to walk over until I smelled wolf.
Please be Bella.
I turned around and sure enough it was Bella trying to scare me.
"Damn it." she said.
"Maybe one day but not today." I said laughing. "Lets go."
We walked back to school and continued our day in hell.-------------------------------------(Skip school)-------------------------------------Bella got picked up from school by her boyfriend Austin. Well then.
I went home and dropped my bag by the door and sat on the couch flipping through channels till I found Twilight.
This movie bothers me but also makes me laugh this isnt at all how vampires and wolfs act. Plus Kristian Stewart makes me feel awkward.
A couple of hours later it was 10 pm. Wow
I got my lazy ass up and walked out of the door into the woods that were right by out house surprisingly.
I saw someone walking out in the woods again. Jeez.
I decided to play around I laughed a little and the person turned around. He looked scared...gotcha. "Run." I whispered.
He took the fuck off.
I caught up to him and stood in front of him until I pounced and sunk my fangs into his neck doing the same thing I did earlier.
Again I heard rustling and turned around then I heard rustling again but from a different direction.
I could smell wolves but it wasnt Bella.
I turned just in time to see three wolves ready to pounce I hissed and the first one leaped on me but I easily pushed it off.
They turned and started grabbing me as I was fighting with all of my strength I bit one of them but I couldnt hold them all of because I still was a little weak.
Then their grip weakened all of a sudden until they let go I turned and gripped one of them and sucked it dry until it was dead. One of them knocked into me pushing me to the ground. I groaned looking up seeing them dead and those five familiar faces looking at me.
Andy came and helped me up as I rubbed my head. "Are you ok?" He said with his VERY deep sexy ass voice. Damn.
"Yea thanks again." I said smiling at him.
"It feels like every damn wolf is after me." I said exhausted. Wolves rarely ever attacked me anywhere else.
"They are." One of them said. Andy smacked him in the head.
"What?" I said utterly confused.
Andy sighed and looked at me.
"Listen can we talk about this somewhere else its not exactly safe out here." he said looking around.