
The pic is Bellas room yes I know its like the COMPLETELY opposites.Song: Disturbia Remix By Rihanna. -------------------------------------I woke up facing Andy. He was still asleep, but his arms were tightly around my waist.
I took a moment to study his face. His jet black hair, one side cleanly shaved. His sliver lip ring around his plump lips, and his ivory complexion topped it off to perfection. He was perfection.
He stirred in his sleep moving his face closer to mine. "Take a picture it'll last longer." Well ok.
I reached over and grabbed my phone and took a picture of him. The sound was up and his eyes shot open. "Did you really?" He asked I nodded and locked my phone. He shot up and reached for my phone.
"Erin, give me the phone." he whined.
I shook my head and smiled at him. "Nope you have to get it."
I got up and ran out of the room with him hot on my tail.
"Give me the phone!"
"Never!"
I ran into the kitchen where all the guys were I realized I was wearing ONLY Andys shirt and my underwear oh well.
I jumped up on the island of the kitchen and raised my hand up in the air.
He jumped for it and almost caught it so I hugged him and wrapped my legs around his waist so he couldnt get the phone behind his back.
He carried me back to the room and threw me on the bed. I hid under the batman covers.
He yanked the covers back and sat on top of me. He grabbed the phone and groaned in frustration.
"Whats the password?"
"Not telling you." I sang.
He smirked while grabbing my sides and tickling me.
"An..andy...stop...it." i managed.
"Tell me the password." he said.
"0...2...1...5" I said.
He stopped and stayed on top of me. He finally handed me my phone back and I turned it on to see he set the picture as my wallpaper.
He smirked and got up holding his hand out for me.
"Well at least you have energy today."
I grabbed his hand and he pulled me up, a little to hard because I fell into him.
"Sorry." he said I looked at his icy blue eyes. He leaned in until Ashley walked in.
"Guys get dressed we have training." he said.
I pulled away from Andy and walked over to my bag that I brought over here. I grabbed it and walked over to Andys bathroom and he went to his walk in closet.
I changed into a black t-shirt with black nike shorts and my black vans. After I put my hair up into a pony tail and just put some foundation and mascara on. I didnt want to look like a total mess.
I walked out to see a shirtless Andy and slowly walked out of the room.
The rest of the guys were down stairs ready to go.
"Ready?" I nodded and we all walked through the woods until we were very deep into them it was daytime so no wolves would mess with us but just to be safe Jinxx put a magic barrier to protect us.
"Alright Erin stand here you and CC will be the first to fight." Jinxx said pointing at a place in the ground.