
"Why dont we go back to my place its just outside the woods." I suggested. They nodded and we started walking.
"By the way im Andy this is Ashley, CC, Jake, and Jinxx." Andy explained. I nodded and they said hey.
"Well im pretty sure you know mine by now." I said and they nodded.
I walked in the house with the boys following me.
"ERIN!!" Bella screamed and jumped on me.
"Bella!" I said a little less exited as I chuckled.
She got down and looked at me then at the guys. "Great more bloodsuckers." she sighed.
She walked to the kitchen "YOUR LUCKY I LOVE YOU MY BLOOD SUCKING BESTIE!!" She yelled from the kitchen. I started walking up the stairs and yelled "LOVE YOU TO MY FURRY LITTLE FUCKER!!"
"It stinks of wolf in here." Jake said as we walked up stairs.
"Yea Bellas a wolf but dont worry about her." I said then he nodded and we walked into my room.
We all sat down "Now explain." I said.
"Well, do you remember killing a wolf that looks like this before your came here?" CC asked then held up a picture of a girl with platinum blonde hair with big green eyes and pale skin and a scar on her left cheek I nodded.
"Yea she tried to kill me when I saw her." I was defending myself she just came at me with a knife I mean you cant blame me.
"Well she had a boyfriend that lives here and he found out that you killer his girlfriend and he sent a bunch if wolves to find you and kill you. We have always hated him and when we saw you that one night we knew that you were the one he was looking for so we have been helping you." Andy explained.
I nodded processing what they just told me. I became a little scared. "You dont have a boyfriend do you?" Ashley asked. I shook my head. "Why?"
"Because that was the first thing that he wanted, was to kill your "mate" because you killed his." Ashley explained.
"We dont blame you for what you did....but you have to stop feeding off of people at least not that much." Andy explained.
"What!?" I snapped my head up pacing frantically.
"I cant stop." I said.
"Why?" Jinxx asked. "I dont know how to control it, no one ever taught me."
"Then we will help you step by step." CC suggested every one else agreed.
"I dont know if I can." I said.
"Guys, can I talk to her for a minute?" Andy asked. They nodded and walked out. he turned back to me and I just stared at him.
"Erin I know this is hard, but I want you to know that you can trust us. I know you just met us but we are here to help you so please we will help you try to stop. Do you trust us?" He asked I looked him in the eyes and all I saw was trust and begging you can tell.
I nodded and he smiled. All of the sudden he hugged me. It took me a second but I hugged him back feeling strangely safe.
"If you want we could use your help to kill him and Bella if she wants." he said. I hesitated then nodded my head. He smiled and hugged me again.
Dear lord what have I got myself into.
💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋Sooooooo i sowwy I had to..... do you like I know you like wow 4 damn chapters in a day damn. Im good well gotta go bye btw tell me what you think. 💀