
"Really?" I shook my head, but let go.
"Unless you dont think that way." I sighed and started to walk away. He suddenly grabbed my hand and spun me around and his soft lips were on mine. It wasnt a hungry kiss, and it wasnt like the others, it was slow and passionate and it was the most amazing thing in the world. His lip ring was cold against my lips which sent shivers down my spine.
He pulled away ever so slightly. "I do feel the same way because im in love with you." he said smiling I smiled back kissing him and tangling my hands in his raven colored hair.
"Is Erin-oh." We broke away and looked at CC standing there like a 5 year old who just got caught doing something bad.
"Oh uh sorry I just wanted to check if um Erin was um okay." he said looking down at the ground.
"Yea, im fine." the rest of the guys came up behind them smirking.
"Ha! You own me 20 bucks!" Jinxx yelled to Ashley. I shook my head and Andy hid his face in the crook of my neck.
"Yea yea well we are going to bed so goodnight." I said. They nodded and left.
I looked back at Andy to see him smiling widely at me.
"You want to stay at my house tonight?" He nodded and said he will meet me over there.
I left and when I got home Bella was already asleep so I went up to my room and took my shirt and shorts off.
I grabbed some short loose grey shorts and put them on I felt arms around my waist and jumped a little.
"Andy dont scare me like that." I said as I turned around to face him.
"Sorry. No shirt?" he asked looking down. I was only in a black lace bra and my shorts.
"Nope, I refuse to sleep in a shirt unless I have to, there uncomfortable to sleep in." he smiled and picked me up bridle style carrying me to the bed and placed me on top. I threw my hair up into messy bun while Andy got into bed.
"Meow." I heard my cat from outside the door. Yes, I have a cat but she's been at the vet for a while because of traveling shit. Bella must have got her today.
"What was that?"
"My cat."
I got up and opened the door to pick up Crimson, she was a full black cat with red eyes which is very rare.
"Hey Crimson." I hugged her to my chest as she cuddled into my chest. I walked over to Andy and sat her on the bed.
She walked over to Andy and rubbed against him meowing.
"She likes you." I said smiling at the sight.
"Well I like her to."
"I dont know how the hell Bella got her here, she hates her because Crimson hates dogs." he laughed stroking her fur.
I laid down and Andy wrapped his arms around my waist kissing my for head. Crimson snuggled up on a pillow.
"Goodnight love."
"Goodnight Andy."💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋 So its 6:36 am and I havent went to sleep because I promised to finish this chapter so here ya go!!!