
I was trying not to show it but I was hungry, and they could tell. Andy put his arm around my shoulder and squeezed it.
The two bitches both left, and I slid down the wall.
"This is so hard." I grumbled. "If it helps at all there blood smelled sour and bitter just like them." CC said, I laughed a little and stood up.
"How about we just skip today we have spring break starting tomorrow anyway." Andy said I nodded but Bella said.
"Well if its alright with you im going to Austins, he said he has a surprise for me." she said excitedly. I nodded and hugged her. Then she left to go to Austins who lived close by the school. She's sooooo getting some tonight.
We went to their house and I felt dizzy. All ive been drinking is animal blood and I cant take it.
"Woah are you ok." Jinxx asked. I nodded and gripped the countertop in the kitchen steadying myself.
We were now in Andys bedroom talking about training so we can become stronger. I suddenly felt sick to my stomach and my head was spinning.
I stood up and stumbled to the balcony in his room, I needed some air. "Erin?" Ashley called. I pushed the doors open and felt the cool night air surround me I gripped the railings till my knuckles turned white.
Andy walked over to me and rubbed my back right then my knees gave out but before I hit the floor Andy caught me.
"Guys go to a hospital or something and get some blood bags." He yelled at them. They nodded and ran out.
I was so hungry.
"Andy...can we go find something to...eat." I said my eyes darted to his neck but he didnt seem to notice.
"Erin you cant go out right now because you cant control yourself right now." He said we just sat on the balcony as he held me there making sure I wouldnt run off.
'Bite him' a little voice in my head kept whispering.
No, I cant.
"We're back." I heard Ashley say. I immediately got up and ran to them grabbing two blood bags and drank them both. I fell to the floor satisfied.
Andy came running down stairs smiling at me.
"Happy?" I nodded my head feeling super tired.
The only thing I remember next was Andy picking me up and placing me on a bed before kissing my for head and walking back down stairs.
💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋I hope ya like look at me updating every day new chapter will be uploaded sometime today. Love ya my beautiful little monsters.😘👌