
A/N: So I decided on something, for every chapter now (im going to go back and edit the other ones to) but since a lot of my videos wont work at the beginning of every chapter im going to tell you a song that I think would fit the story so for this one it is: Try By P!nk------------------------------------
I woke up to someone sitting beside me I looked over to find CC.
"Morning." he said. I groaned and rolled over. I looked over to see the rest of the boys.
"Why are you here." I said under my pillow. "We came to wake you up so GET THE FUCK UP AND GET DRESSED FOR SCHOOL!!" Ashley yelled.
I threw a pillow at him and it hit him straight in the face. I rolled out of bed and fell on the floor 'thank the lord for carpet' I thought.
"What the hell is all the noise." Bella groaned as she stomped into my room. I threw a pillow at her to but it hit Andy instead.
"Oops, sorry." I said sitting up. He just stared at me.
"Ok, get out I have to change." I said pushing them out and locking the door. I went and took a shower blow dried my hair, did my makeup picked out my silver piercings and walked to my closet.
I picked out a monster tank with some ripped black shorts mu black vans and a black beanie again because I was to tired to deal with it.
I walked down stairs to see the guys but no Bella.
Andy was staring at me.
"BELLA HURRY YOUR FURRY ASS UP OR YOU HAVE TO FIND ANOTHER RIDE!!" I yelled up the stairs.
She came down in the middle of putting her shoes on.
"Calm yourself im here." she said almost falling over.
I walked over to the kitchen and grabbed a blood bag for breakfast. It Friday and I havent drank human blood since Monday, its torture,
Bella wrinkled her nose. "I dont know how the hell you drink that." I shrugged and put the rest in a water bottle I grabbed my keys and bag and was about to walk out the door until Ashley grabbed my leg I looked down to see him on the floor.
"Can I please ride to school with you." he begged. Aww.
"Fine." I said patting his head.
He jumped up like a five year old and ran to my jeep. I laughed and walked out there with Bella and the guys following me.
I noticed a matte black mustang parked next to me. "Its mine." Andy whispered in my ear as he hopped in.
I nodded and kept sipping my 'drink' the rest of the boys got into there cars and we drove to school except I had to stop at Starbucks because Ashley wouldnt shut the fuck up.
We FINALLY made it to school.
"Where did you go." Jake asked.
"Ashley wouldnt shut his mouth until I got him starbucks." I said laughing at Ashley sipping his drink like a five year old.
We all parked by each other and walked in to school talking. I saw the two bitches staring at us. They didnt look so happy.
They started walking over here towards us we were standing on the side of the building talking.
"Hey Andy Bear." the first one said. "Dont call me that." he said and rolled his eyes.
"Oh come on baby, why have you been hanging out with these emo freaks anyway."
"Excuse me." I said. I was about to punch about 6 pounds of her makeup off her damn face but Andy put his arms around my waist and held me back. "She's not worth it." he whispered to me.