
Song: Im Gonna Show You Crazy By Bebe Rexha (Bella's pic on the side) Btw she a werewolf awhooo ------------------------------------I WAS sleeping soundley until my bitchy bestie threw a fucking brush at me. "WAKE THE FUCK UP MY BLOOD SUCKING BESTIE!" She screeched.
"Do you have an off button?" I groaned putting my head under my pillow trying to make my head stop pounding from the damn brush.
"Nope now get up its Sunday and im going out to hunt and so should you." she said then walked out.
Ugh, that means tomorrow is our first day of hell (school). I groaned again and got up I walked over to my bathroom to take a shower.
I left my hair natural put on some eyeliner and mascara then walked to my dresser and pulled out some ripped black jeans and a black tank with a red and black flannel and my black combat boots with my favorite choker of a bat.
I ran down the stairs to see Bella looking through the fridge.
"I wont be back for a while probably so dont wait up." I said while grabbing my phone and some money.
"Okay, dont get yourself killed!" "I MAKE NO PROMISES!!" I yelled while slamming the door.
It was about 6 at night and I was just walking down the street in LA looking for some food. I heard a noise behind me while I was walking down an alley way I turned around and was met with a growl: wolves.
Vampires hate wolves but im friends with Bella because we were friends since 8th grade and she got turned so I couldnt abandon her as long as she dont kill me.
Suddenly I was pushed against the wall there holding me by my throat was a pair of yellow eyes staring back at my red ones i hissed as he tighted his grip.
"Looks like we get dinner boys." he smirked. And so did his 3 other friends. He was quickly thrown off of me by a tall black haired boy. My hands flew to my neck gasping for air. I looked up to see all 4 wolves lying dead and the 5 vampires looking at me.
I caught a glimpse of all their faces before they fled running to who knows where.
I speed ran back to the house processing what just happened. That usually doesnt happen im usually very on edge but I wasnt strong enough because I havent fed in 3 days.
"Damn It." i grumbled i forgot to eat. I angrily walked over to the fridge and got a blood bag out to drink. "Fucking hell." I hated drinking these somtimes.
I finally just walked to my room and changed into a black tank and black shorts after I brushed my teeth and went to bed thinking of the five mysterious guys who just saved my ass...💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋Soooo watcha think I promise BVB will be in the story soon just not now but anywhore I will try to update everyday if possible so deal! 😘