
YOUR POV
'Goodbye crummy old room' I said in my brain as I rolled my suitcase out of my room.
Tomorrow would be my first day at Cross Academy. It is a prestigious school, with great academic standards. It made me sorta sad to be leaving the room I've lived in for six years. I walked the way to Cross Academy,  because it was only a few blocks away. When I made it to the rusty gates, I was greeted by two people. One female with short brown hair and huge eyes. And one male with silver hair that cut off right under his ears, and deep gray eyes.
"Welcome to Cross Academy! My name is Yuki Cross, and p this is Zero Kiryu. We are members of the disciplinary committee," Yuki said.
"Uh, cool," I responded. I didn't hear a word she said. I was too focused on that Zero guy. I didn't know what, but there was something off about him.
"Zero, show Y/N to her dorm," Yuki pushed Zero towards me.
"Ok," was all he said.
He gestured for me to follow him. He didn't talk the entire way. When he showed me my room, I held my hand out for him to shake it. "My name is Y/N. I'm guessing you don't talk much," I asked Zero. "Uh, sure,"he shook my hand. "I don't really either. Guess I'll be seeing you around school then, Zero," I said with a straight face. He walked away without saying a word.
I made my way to my room. I requested to not have a room mate, because I don't socialize that much. I unpacked quickly. I didn't have that much to unpack. I opened the closet to put some clothes up, when I saw the school uniforms. 'Oh God. Please tell me I don't have to wear this!' I whined in my head. It was getting dark, so I went ahead and layed down. I heard a commotion outside my window. I was on the fourth floor, but I could make out everything they were saying. I heard a familiar voice.
"Ladies, you need to make your way back to your dorm,"he said strictly.
"But we just wanted to see the night class students!" One of the girls whined.
"Ladies, now," he said with no emotion.
"Fine, you don't have to be so mean Zero,"the other girl said.
After they both went inside, Zero stayed there. I opened up my window, and jumped out. I landed on my feet, and dusted myself off. "Y/N, are you crazy? You could've hurt yourself,"Zero said. I pointed to my hand, which had blood traveling down it to my wrist. "It doesn't hurt, it just stings a little,"I said, emotionless. He stared at my hand for an uncomfortable amount of time. I could've sworn I saw his eyes turn blood red for a second.
"So what were you doing?" I asked sternly. "My duties as a disciplinary committee member,"he said, rolling his eyes. "Y/N, go back to your dorm. Now,"he said, looking away from me. "Why should I?" I stuck my tounge out at him. "You just...Have to"he didn't look at me. "Why, Zero? Is it because of the vampires that attend this school?!" I said. He glared at me. "How did you find out?" He whisper yelled.
"Why did you automatically put me in the day class? I'm surprised you didn't realize it already. My name is Y/N L/N, I am a pure blood vampire. You are Zero Kiryu. You were born a human, but as a child, your family of hunters was attacked by my fellow pure blood- Shizuka Hio. She turned your brother Ichiru Kiryu into her companion. However, she gave you the curse of being bitten by a pure blood. You have been slowly degenerating into a level E for four years. Your twin brother gave his life to save you. And fellow pure blood Kaname Kuran murdered Shizuka Hio. I'm amazed at how strong you are being," I blurted out that entire paragraph.
He looked at me in shock. "You're one of those evil monsters!?" He shouted. "No. I devoted my life and power to protecting anyone from the monsters,"I said. "Y/N, I trust you. Therefore, I will not tell headmaster Cross any of this. But I want you to know, I will be watching you,"he glared at me.