
The girl was silent when she needed to be, when she had to hold back her tangled emotions for fear of them choking her to death so, instead, they lay in a knot in the pit of her stomach. A knot that grew ever tighter with each passing day. She was also a convincing liar - again, when she needed to be. The cruel hand of fate had forced her to carry out many a desperate act.
The boy had watched it unfold all these years, filled with the same sorrow he was sure she too possessed, and constantly carried with her. It was a precarious balancing act. Sometimes, his sadness would reach the surface and tip over the edges, but he rarely saw the girl allow hers to spill out. The last time that he had seen a tear trickle down her cheek and her lip tremble was the last time that they had really hugged - three years ago. On the radio, they heard the song which played at their parents' funeral, four years prior. He detested it, but "Footprints in the Sand" by Leona Lewis had been the recent favourite of their mother's, before the road accident. Since that hug, the girl either pulled away too soon or pushed him away. Eventually, he stopped trying.
He kept watching, instead. She was impossible to ignore when she was laughing; joking; teasing; telling a story, elaborating and embellishing upon the truth; when she wore that stubborn scowl on her face; or when she was lost in thought, concocting their latest scheme. He had found it even more impossible to ignore her defiance, her rebellious nature - so in sync with his own - especially when it would land them both in trouble. Even so, all it took was a brief distraction...
And he had taken his eyes off her; his "impossible girl"...
***
A siren sounds past them, as though she needs reminding of the previous night's events. The woman, Irene, pats the girl's hand as she pulls her car over to allow the ambulance to pass. "Nearly there, love," Irene says, with a reassuring smile. She lifts her hand, realising the girl's own has tensed. "Not far now..."