
Song: Monster By Paramore------------------------------------I woke up with arms around my waist I looked over to see Andy fast asleep.
"Morning." he said opening one eye. Well nevermind. His morning voice was sexy as hell. Damn.
"Morning." I said getting up. I walked down stairs and grabbed another blood bag. Andy came down now dressed I was still was in the same clothes.
He laughed. "Still hungry?" He asked grabbing one. I nodded finishing. I sat on the couch with him beside me.
"This sucks." I said.
"I know but hey you've made it 6 days so far." he said.
I nodded till the door busted open and in came CC with some girl. We stood up from our spots and looked at them.
"Will you please just listen to me!" CC yelled. "No, your a monster." she said.
"Thats CC's friend she just found out about him and she's not taking it to well." Andy said as they continued to yell. I nodded as I felt his hot breath hit my neck. God this boy is will be the death of me.
"Umm, Andy shes human." Jake said and looked at me.
"Im fine." I assured them and I was....kinda. He nodded.
They kept arguing. "Is this what you've been my friend, just so you can drink my blood!" She yelled.
"Well here's your chance." she said and pulled out a razor sliding it across her arm a few times. "There just do it already."
I froze looking at the blood dripping from her arm. Everyone looked at me and froze to not knowing what I would do.
It took everything I had not to pounce on her. But I couldnt do it. As soon as my eyes flashed red Andy had a death grip on me. I hissed and thrashed around trying to get to her till Andy had me pinned to the floor.
"Get get her out of her CC." I heard Andy yell.
I saw Ashley walking over to me as I was still struggling against him he pulled out a syringe and stuck it into my arm. After a few seconds all I saw was darkness....------------------------------------I slowly opened my eyes to find Andy sitting beside me with his back against the head board, moving my hair out of my face. I looked at him smiling a bit.
"Well your finally up." he said chuckling.
"Andy...did I..." he shook his head.
I sighed rubbing my stomach I was alot more hungry than usual.
"You hungry?" I nodded.
He looked at me and looked like he was thinking for a second.
All of the sudden he grabbed my waist and sat me on his lap facing him so I was straddling him. I realized I was wearing his grey t-shirt and my choker but other than that nothing.
"Andy wha-" I stopped when he reached up and pulled his shirt past his shoulder exposing his neck.
I looked at his neck then at him knowing he was allowing me to feed off of him. I shook my head looking shocked.
"I cant." I said looking at him. "Erin, the guys are out, you dont have enough strength to get up, I cant leave you alone, and we dont have time to go out and get some." "Besides technically im not a human and I have enough strength to push you off if I have to." he said looking into my eyes with his hands at my sides.
I was about to say something but he cupped my cheek and kissed me. Our lips moved in sync while he pulled me closer. he slightly pulled back just enough to where he could whisper "Do it." Then he kissed me again. I pulled back and trailed kisses down his jaw till his neck I kissed and sucked there for a second before I hesitantly sunk my fangs into his neck tasting his sweet blood, I could feel his grip tightening on my sides as one hand wove itself into my hair.