
"I'm calling about the house on Maple Lane that's for sale."
"Ah yes Miss Cece Jackson that house will be ready tomorrow see you then."
I sighed and ended the call,wishing I had more time. I'm moving from Texas to all the way to Alabama,one state I thought I'd never become a part of.
My flight to Alabama leaves out tomorrow at 9:15,might as well get there before the warm weather kicks in.
"I can't believe you are actually going leave."With a hand over my chest I turned around in my chair to find my younger brother Caleb leaning against the wall.
"Caleb, what have I told you about doing that?"
"Sorry I thought you heard me coming or something."I rolled my eyes and turned back around in my chair,looking at a booklet about Alabama.
"Why Alabama of all places? Why not Florida or some place cool like that."I sighed as my brother pulled out a chair and sat across from me.
"Alabama just so happens to be very cool for your information. I'm going to be in the southern parts,that's where everything seems to be peaceful and all."
"Your point? It's a 10 hour drive for Christ's sake."
"Caleb stop yelling at your sister,if she wants to move to Alabama she can." Our mother called from her bedroom.I stuck my tongue out at Caleb and he just rolled his eyes and grabbed the booklet.
"Well,the scenery there does like nice,and I heard about them having barn parties and such."
"I told you but you never listen to me."I got up and smacked him on his arm,causing him to act in fake pain. As I walked away laughing,I knew I'd miss my family more than I ever thought I could. The whole reason why I'm moving to Alabama of all places since I've recently turned 17, Moving out just felt like the right thing to do.
"Cece could you come here please."As I got called to my parents bedroom,I knew what was going to happen."Okay I'm here what's up?" I ask leaving against the door."Here take this you'll need it."As my father handed me a small box,I thought it was a necklace or a bracelet.
"It's a house key,that way you'll always have a piece of home. And whenever you need to,you can always find your way back."