
Song: Sleepwalking By Bring Me The Horizon------------------------------------ "Erin I..." I didnt let him finish I ran out the door into the woods it was dark out, I heard the guys call my name but I ignored it I just needed time to think so I ran until I couldnt hear there screaming and slid down a tree.
I cant believe this. Andy. My mate? He doesnt even love me. Yes, ive fallen for him but he couldnt have fallen for me.
Andy's POVThe guys told me to stay here while Ashley went to look for Erin. I understood though I mean she probably doesnt even love me. This is all my fault. Im such a fuck up.
Erin's POV I was sitting by a tree thinking about all of this. About Andy.
"Erin, there you are." It was Ashley. I half smiled. "Why did you follow me." "Because everyone is worried about you, especially Andy." I looked up surprised.
"He-" I stopped when I smelled blood. Ashley could smell it to.
Someone was bleeding.
"Erin lets go home." Ashley said while my eyed turned red and my fangs came out.Then we heard a growl. We saw wolves walking towards us one lunged at me and I threw it against a tree cracking its spine.
"Run!" I yelled.
We took off towards the house and ran with all our strength.
We saw the back door to the house open and we ran through the door and shut it behind us locking it shut before we leaned against it out of breath.
"Erin, Ashley what the hell happened." The rest of the guys rushed in almost falling over one another.
"Wolves." we both huffed.
"Im...sorry..." I said trying to catch my breath.
"No Erin you dont have to apologize." Jake said. I smiled at him.
"Oh my god your bleeding." Andy rushed over to me and grabbed my arm.
There was blood dripping down my arm.
"That wolf must have bit you when it pounced on you." I nodded, there were two rows of teeth mark. Damn.
"Come on." Andy said and grabbed my hand. He dragged me to his bedroom and into the bathroom.
He picked me up by my waist and sat me on the counter as he got out some gauze, rubbing alcohol, and a small soft towel.
The stories you heard about vampires being able to heal them selves is a myth. Well not entirely. It takes a couple of days to actually properly heal.
Andy gently grabbed my arm and pours the rubbing alcohol on it which made me hiss.
"Sorry." I shook my head.
"How did you find out?" I asked.
"When you passed out we brought you back here and they asked me when the last time you fed off of a human was..." he paused as he wiped off the wound. "I told them I let you feed off me because you needed it, but I didnt know that...." he stopped as he wrapped my arm in the gauze.
"That what?"
"Thats all it takes to form the bond of being mates."
He picked me up off the counter and sat me down.
"Im sorry." He said walking into his bedroom.
"Sorry? Andy, theres no reason to be sorry." I grabbed his face to make his look at me.
"You didnt know, but the truth is to me this doesnt seem bad to me."