
You lay there on the couch watching TV. You fiddle with your wedding ring, remembering what was said that night. *flash back to the day before the wedding* You were holding hands as he looked into your eyes and said "Forever and always, we will always be honest and loyal." "Forever and always." You reply with tears coming to your eyes. He kisses you on the forehead and says: "Cmon, let's go to bed. We have a big day ahead of us tomorrow." "You got that right." You say pulling the covers on you. *Flashback to the present* "Forever and always my ass." You tried calling his phone, voicemail. You try calling 3 more times. Voicemail. It was 11:02. He was supposed to get off at 7. You get up put on your coat, grab your keys and get in the truck. You turn on the radio and Yelawolf's part was playing in the song Twisted. "Love ain't no fairytale, love is a buried nailInside of this heart of stone, so you wanna get married? WellRomeo, Romeo, smokin' blow with AntonioIn the back alley takin' shots of whiskey and only goldJuliet's at the nudie bar, doin' God only knows." That last part hit you. You pull into the strip club you'd knew he'd be at. You walk in trying not to make eye contact with all the boobs and ass everywhere. You go up to the bartender and pull out a picture of your husband. "HAVE YOU SEEN THIS MAN??" You yell over the loud music. "YEAH. HE JUST LEFT IN A TAXI, I CAN GIVE YOU THE NUMBER IF YOU WANT." He yelled back handing you a napkin with the number on it. "THANKS." You reply grabbing the free beer he handed you. You get in your truck, punch in the number into your GPS and drive. The radio was playing Stan. That song was always somewhat relaxing. You were calming down, taking a sip of beer every once in a while. You finally pulled into some abandon parking lot. There it was. A yellow taxi. It was dark but you could make out what was in the car. 2 people. Male and Female. You had a pretty clear thought of what was going on in there. You walked up to the taxi, and you couldn't believe your eyes.