
Song: Wild Child By Juliet SimmsBtw the pic is her bedroom-------------------------------------I woke up to my alarm clock blaring. I groaned as I reached over and threw it against the wall. Which broke it.
"Shit." I mumbled and rolled out of bed walking to Bellas room. I opened the door to find her alseep.
I walked back into my room looked around for a sec and found the brush she threw at me. I smirked and picked it up heading back to her room.
I threw it at her and screeched "WAKE UP MY FURRY LITTLE FUCKER!!" She groaned and flipped me off.
"Next time you throw something just remember one thing: YOU FUCKING HAVE VAMPIRE STRENGTH DUMBASS!!" She yelled sitting up and rubbing her head.
"Karma's a bitch...bitch." I yelled leaving her room. "Love you to hoe!" She yelled back. I just laughed and took a body shower. I got out did the usual, put my piercings in, makeup, straightened my hair.
I walked to my dresser and pulled out some black shorts with a MCR muscle tank black vans and black beanie. I brushed my teeth and walked down stairs into the kitchen grabbing yet another blood bastard I mean...bag.
Bella walked in wearing a BMTH shirt with white jeans and black combat boots."Ready?" I asked, she nodded and I grabbed my keys and my bag and we walked out of the house.
We got into my black jeep and drove to the school.
"So when do you get your car back?" I asked. I have to drive her around for a while because well I kinda crashed her car and well thats a completely different story...
"I dont know in a couple of months I guess." she said shrugging as we drove into the school parking lot.
We hopped out and all eyes were on us not that I care I mean what are they gonna do.
We walked into the office and got out locker combinations and schedules. The office lady looked at us like we were crazy...well she aint wrong especially about me im fucking crazy even more then Bella.
I looked at our schedules and we had 5 out of 7 of our classes together the first being homeroom. We walked in to...history ugh!!
We knocked on the door and the teacher came and opened it he looked scared....good "Oh uh, you two must be the new students well please come in."
"Class we have two new students today this is Erin and Aribel-" "I prefer Bella." she butted in. "Sorry, Erin and Bella."
I glances around there were some people snickering some smirking some giving me that "bitchy" face and then I stopped when I saw five familiar faces...they were the guys from that night.
My eyes were staring into a pair of icy blue ones. Then it dawned on me he was the one that pulled the guy off of me. He must have realized it to because he just stared back at me.
"Um Erin you can sit by Andy and Bella you can sit behind her. " the teacher announced.
He pointed me over to the blue eyed boy and I sat down as I was walking the two girls in front of them which I could already tell were attention whores were giving me a death glare.
I just smirked and sat down and so did Bella.
I could see out of the corner of my eye that Andy im guessing and his friend behind him were talking then they glanced at me.
"Alright so today we will be watching a movie while I grade papers so.....lucky you." he grumbled then sat down.
I didnt really pay attention to the movie it was boring so instead Bella kept bugging the shit out of me by playing with my hair and lightly kicking my seat.