
Song: Universe By Ghost Town----------------------------------- "WAKE UP FUCKER!!" Bella screamed.
"Oww, bitch!" She threw a fucking monster at me, and it was full!
Crimson hissed at her as Andy just laughed.
I grabbed the monster and opened it, I took a sip "Hold this please." I handed it to Andy and jumped off the bed.
"Ahh!"
I chased after Bella and caught her in the living room and sat on her, Andy walked into the living room with Crimson following him.
"Is this a regular thing for you guys?"
"Yes." we both said.
I reached my hand out for my monster, he handed it to me and went to the fridge and grabbed one.
Now I am obsessed with monster so for me to let Andy get one, you best believe he's a lucky man.
"Can you get off me please?"
"Fine your hurting my ass anyway." she just rolled her eyes.
"Btw Austin is coming over in like a minute!!" The door bell rang I looked down to see I was still in my bra and shorts.
"Shit!" I ran upstairs "Next time warn me ahead of time so your boyfriend doesnt walk in on me in my bra!" I yelled as I passed her room into mine and grabbed the first thing I saw which was Andy's black v-neck.
"Jinxx just texted me, we have training today." Andy said as he looked down at his phone.
I rolled my eyes and went back into my closet I changed into black ripped jeans and crimson red vans and I just put a black tank under Andys shirt and tied his shirt up behind my back.
After that I re-did my regular makeup and put my hair back up into a messy neat bun.
I grabbed Andy's hand and walked downstairs. "Hey Austin." I said carelessly waving. "Hey."
I grabbed another monster and walked over to Bella giving her a note telling her what I was doing today.
We walked out the door and across the street to the guys house. Andy was still shirtless...oops.
When we got there I screamed. "OHLA FUCKERS!!" They were all sitting on the couch and they fell off we busted out laughing.
"Oh...my...god...you should...have seen...your faces."
"You scared the living shit outta us." Ashley said holding his heart.
"That was kinda the point." I said getting up.
"Come on." Andy said. He picked me up throwing me over his shoulder.
"Andrew Dennis Biersack put me down!" I screamed playfully hitting his back.
"Nah you stole my shirt."
"Well then I'll give it back."
"Nah I like you in my clothes."
Ugh, stubborn ass. He sat me down on his bed "Stay."
"Ruff." I pretended to bark and stuck my tongue out like a dog.
He patted my head. "Good girl." He walked into his closet and picked out some black skinny jeans and a misfits tee with combat boots.
"Like what you see." I didnt even notice I was staring but I nodded anyway, I laid back on the bed and looked at the ceiling.
Andy walked over and hovered above me.