
Rosie.
Sun light lit the whole room up even though the curtain in the way.
I waited for mums voice to scream through the walls telling me to wake up or else she would beat the fuck out of me. But it never came,
I just remembered I ran away, away from the monster and the house that was filled with memories. Good and bad.
I ran away to a small town and worked till I could afford a little apartment.
I soon could afford to go to highschool.
Now today is my first day.
I stood up and put on some clothes, ripped jeans, and a My Chemical Romance shirt.
The sun lit the whole house, as I walked down the stairs to make myself some breakfast.
I made some toast and baked beans.(if u dont kno wat dis os search it up)
After a while I was ready to go to school, I was really nervous, I know what high schools were like slutty girls and weird fuckboys.
I walked over to the school as it was literally 5 minutes away.
As I entered the doors, there was definitely slutty girls who gossip and fuckboys. I did not belong here. I asked a teacher if I could have my timetable, she looked kind and was kind, she smiled softly.
My first teacher was Mr. Holmes (first name is Sherlock ;])
Maths, I was pretty good at maths dad taught me a lot
'didn't want to be beaten by the popular people' he always said to me. That memory of my dad, brought a sad smile to my face.
I walked over to the room, where I saw a bunch of unfamiliar faces. There were a few nice faces smiling at me, others were girls gossiping about my appearance.
Stuff them
I found a seat next to a mysterious boy who looked liked he didn't want to be here.
Dont worry boy, I don't want to be here too.
Just when I was going to introduce myself, Mr.  Holmes walked in.
"Alright class" he said in a thick British accent "Im pretty sure none of you want to be here"
He received nodds if approval.
" I don't want to be here too, so deal with it"
Mr. Holmes seems pretty good I wonder if any other of the teachers were like this.
"So let's start of with introducing ourselves starting off with... You, miss My Chemical Romance, name, age, fav band, one thing you miss" he said pointing at me. I stood up,
"Hello, I am crazy so I suggest you should stay away... Rosie15My Chemical Romance My dad. "
Mr. Holmes nodded and smiled" next is the boy next to you"I sat down and the mysterious boy next to me stood up.
Andy.
I stood up in front of Mr. Holmes class
"Hi, im messed up, Andy16Black veil bridesMy dignity"
Everyone looked confused but carried on anyway. I looked over to the girl named 'Rosie'  over on my left, she was doodling palm trees on a scrap piece of paper. She was a really good artist. Rosie looked at me and smiled before going back to her drawing
I looked over to my bag filled with books from 'How to kill a mockingjay'  to 'all the bright places'
I loved all books big small thin thick, its like a portal to another world, taking you away from the cruel world.
I got made fun of because of my love for books.
We were nearly finished when two boys walked in.