
"Ravenclaw!"Melani was relieved. She always knew that she belonged there, but was nervous about it nonetheless. Now she had nothing to worry about. She bounded over to the table gleefully, taking an open spot near the end."Welcome! My name is Cho Chang and I'm a second year," a cheerful Asian girl with straight black hair whispered happily."Wow, I'm glad I'm not the only Asian," Melani said under her breath just as Jenifer Gretchen got sorted into Hufflepuff.Cho let out a giggle which turned into a coughing fit when some people near her looked at them.A different girl; with somewhat wavy blonde hair cut in a bob style, freckles dotting her face and piercing green eyes; jumped into the spot to the right of Melani."I'm Elise Harper and I just got sorted! Who are you?" Her waves bounced with her excitement."Melani Gerisha, nice to meet you," She smiled, admiring the charisma in Elise."Cho Chang, but I'm a second year," she smiled too. It seemed that Elise brought an energetic atmosphere to both girls when she bounded over here.Elise frowned, but then sat attentive when Dumbledoor stood.Melani looked down the long Ravenclaw table, noting on peculiar people that stood out, then glazed over to the other House's, barely listening to the headmaster. Behind her was Hufflepuff and Gryffindor, and in front of her was Slytherin. Hufflepuff had a handsome boy who looked somewhat like he was distant from everything. Gryffindor had the largest collection of redheads Melani had ever seen and a peculiar scrawny boy with round glasses who looked a bit like the famous Harry Potter.It was when she glanced at Slytherin when she went rigid. A boy with platinum blond hair was staring at her, and when he caught her eye he just smirked and whispered to a heavy-set boy with a bowl haircut next to him, then stared at her again, smirking like an idiot. She sent him a confused look and, in return, he winked at her and turned his attention to Dumbledore.Her heart skipping a beat, Melani turned to now look at the long teacher's table to distract her from the boy. There was a frail looking man with a turban, a tight faced woman with a bun and a look that screamed "don't cross me", a very very small teacher, and a somewhat scary teacher with greasy black hair, waxy-looking skin and a prominent hooked nose. "Definetly Slytherin," Melani muttered to herself. She saw Elise out of the corner of her eye stare at her strangely, then continue listening to Dumbledore, a very old looking wizard with half-moon spectacles.Suddenly, massive amounts of food appeared in front of her. Cho started to pile her plate, and Elise followed ensuite. Melani blinked, then decided she was hungry and started serving herself too."I wasn't listening," Melani confessed as soon as she started on a particularly greasy looking chicken. "Did he say anything important?"Cho choked back a laugh. "Not really," she was picking her way through a lamb leg, slicing it carefully with her knife.Elise frowned again. "Why weren't you listening?""My mind just... wandered... And I was looking around at the other tables," She said, remembering the platinum blond boy with the smug face.Elise then smirked and wiggled her eyebrows. "I saw you staring at that Malfoy boy," she said, almost accusingly.Cho's face twisted into a look of disgust.Melani was taken aback. "What?! No! I... I don't even know what he looks like..." She inwardly pleaded that he wasn't the cocky blond that winked at her from the Slytherin table."The whole rotten lot of them are pompous blond gits that think they can brag about there 'pureblood' status even though it isn't the 19th century," Cho spat out with vigor. It was clear she despised the Malfoy's.So thats who he is. The Malfoy heir."That's Draco?" He was the opposite of what she pictured him as."The one and only," Elise grinned. She sighed, staring off into the distance. "If only he didn't have such a thick cloud of admirers, maybe I'd have a chance," she said softly.Cho looked like Elise had just confessed to kissing a spider. "Wait, you like the bloke?!"Elise's grin widened. "Who wouldn't like such a powerful man?""I believe the coming of age is seventeen, not eleven," Melani muttered darkly under her breath. So far, she disliked Draco.Cho barked a "HA!" and continued to badmouth the blond. "He's like a scrawny chicken! If he's a man, then Cedric Diggory's a god!"Melani didn't even want to ask who Cedric was.Just as Elise was going to defend Draco, the food had disappeared and Dumbledore dismissed them. Unsure of where to go, Elise held her tongue and both her and Melani followed Cho. They went to the west side and started to climb a long flight of steps. Melani's feet started to hurt when they got to the top. They were then herded in, and Melani got a glimpse of a bronze knocker before being pushed into a large room.She was stunned. It was a huge, well-furnished room with large windows and beautiful blue and bronze decor. Across the room was a marble statue of a lovely women, which was in front of a detatched semicircle. The walls were lined with bookshelves and torches. But what caught Melani's attention was the sloping dome-like ceiling. It was midnight black and sprinkled with sprinkling stars. She recognized several constellations before fixing her attention on an older girl with mousy straight brown hair pulled into a braid. Unfortunately, it seemed that she was done speaking, and everyone moved past the statue into the semicircle, which revealed two cooridors, one to the right and another to the left. Before she could think about it, Elise dragged her down the right corridor, which led down the tower. After passing five doors, they bid Cho goodbye and walked to the very last door.It revealed a circular room with five four-poster beds, all decorated with blue and bronze with large cases next to them. The beds were on one side and the fireplace was on the other. The walls were lined with bookcases and desks, and windows exposed the light of the moon on them.There were probably other girls, but Melani didn't pay attention. She recognized her trunk, covered in scratches, and ran toward it. It was in front of the last bed down the row. Elise was on the bed next to her in her pajamas, absentmindedly swinging her legs."Oooh, thats a pretty necklace!" Elise stopped swinging her legs and pointed at Melani's chest. Melani, out of habit, placed a hand on her chest and felt the familiar chain beneath it. Running it down the chain, her hands stopped when she felt it."Its real," she smirked at Elise. The charm on her necklace was a tiny violin with an attached shoulder rest. It was extremely detailed and had real strings on it."You can play?" Elise's mouth was hanging open in shock.Melani nodded. "Its Muggle-made, of course. Wizard-made violins take all the fun out of regular playing and regular problems." She had her fair share of experience with a magical one, none of them good.Elise was still in awe. "Do you... Do you think you can play for me sometime?"Melani smiled. "When I get better at it. I've only been playing for a year and a half."She loved talking about this with other people. What she didn't like was when others, particularly adults, criticized her and then asked how long she had been playing. Some people were just inconsiderate and rude.Melani changed into her sleepwear, shoved her robes into her trunk, and fell onto her bed. She said her goodnights to Elise, and shut the curtains. The lights had gone out, and Melani was enveloped in darkness.She felt for her violin and sighed. Melani wasn't suppose to tell anyone her secret, but she was so caught up in the conversation that it slipped out. Turning on her side, she wondered how exactly she was going to pull it off without getting caught. She needed to find a secret room... Maybe the legendary Room of Requirements her brother had talked about...Sighing again, Melani gently placed her charm next to her and closed her eyes, falling to sleep swiftly.