
The sound of something smashing against the floor into a million pieces woke me up. I had a banging headache but couldn't remember what had happened. I tried my hardest to open my eyes but they wouldn't no matter how much I tried. Finally I managed to open them after a while of trying and the bright sunlight blinded me. When I could see again, I found myself in an unfamiliar room laid in a huge bed that took most of the space.
I couldn't remember how I'd got there, where I was, who I had been with or what I had done. In all honesty I didn't remember anything at all. I had a tough time remembering how old I was or what my name even was. I couldn't think of who my family was or anything from my past except for fast cars and my friends who were the closest to a family I needed. Amber. Ash. Marley.
Eventually I decided it wouldn't hurt to go for a wonder around the house I was in. I walked down the hallway and came to a stair case. It took me a while to decide wheather I wanted to go down and see what the smashing noise had been. In the end I started walking down the stairs, which lead to a small landing and three doors, all of which were open wide besided the one on my right. It was slightly open and I saw a black shadow moving around what looked like a kitchen.
I hesitated for a moment and thought about running back up stairs. Well I say run but if you were in a house with god knows who and you could just about remember your name, you'd try not to make any sound, right? My hand took hold of the door handle. It creaked as it opened and I walked in. Who ever was in there had stopped what ever they were doing and was stood still staring at the door.
A pair of green eyes met mine and I felt a burden lift off my shoulders as I sighed. A wide smile spread across both our faces.
"Ash!" I ran up to him and wrapped my arms around him before he had even opened his mouth to speak. I was so relieved to be stuck with memory in a random house with him.
To make things better, two more people came running down the stairs shortly and joined us by walking into the kitchen.
"Amber! Marley!" I was so pleased to see them but we all knew and remembered as much as each other. No one had a clue where we were and we all struggled to remember any of our past.
"All I can remember is you lot," I admitted when they asked me what I had remembered.
After we rammaged through the kitchen cupboards and the fridge for something to eat, we started to search around the house. The room next door was huge and there were four sofas and four tvs on the walls. There was two with a playstation and two with an x-box and all fpur had dvd players. There were massive stacks of games and dvds. The sofas were facing towards the walls but in the middle of yhe four, there was a huge pile of massive, comfy looking pillows and a table in the middle, with an ash tray placed exactly in the middle of it.
The last room had a table, four chairs and a large empty space before the glass doors that slid open. The garden wasn't small but it wasn't massively huge either. The walls were incredibly tall and there was no way of climbing it. Great. We were stuck inside walls. The big shed was the only thing in the garden.
We stood for a moment and looked then at each other. Before I knew it we were chasing each other across the long grass, trying to be the first to touch the white walls of the shed.
"Hah bitch. Suck on that!" I shouted, a little carried away, sticking twos up at the other three.
"Fuck off!" They joked.
Inside was two chairs that I could have just sunk into and fallen asleep on. The several small fridges that were stacked on top of one another caught my attention. Carefully I looked inside one of them. Fuck me! It was full of vodka! The one underneath was full of wine and the one next to it was full of different cans. All together there were 10 fridges, all full of different kinds of alcohol. Get in!