
In December of last year I went to my monthly therapy session, I had these sessions because when I was younger on my eighth birthday my parents took to my favorite restraunt ,Freddy Fazbear's pizza restraunt for friends and family's alike. Yeah it may not sound bad right now but it will, just wait a minute. I woke up that morning with massive piles of presents stacked up to two meters tall,it was amazing. A few minutes after allowing myself to wake up a bit my parents came bursting in singing happy birthday as loud as they possibly could. After I had finished unwrapping my mountains of presents my parents told me to get dressed because we were going out for lunch at Freddy's. I was so excited,I literally almost wet myself. ( no disgusting comments please). That day I was wearing a red dress with white dots on and red shoes with also white dots on. My hair was brown,my hair is now blue, I had it up on pig tails with a little white head band. When I see the pictures before "it" happened I looked so adorable but now I was just a mess that had no friends, no job,no family and no self respect. Anyway when we were in the car my parents were whispering about something but I didn't know what and I still don't. I didn't really care at the time because I was too excited I couldn't wait to see my two favourite animatronics: Bonnie & Foxy. I loved them both dearly with all my heart but I didn't any more. When we finally got there I ran through the car park and straight inside the restraunt. I waited at the front desk for my parents, the lady at the desk was very kind and gave me a lollypop, it was delicious. After my parents payed the fee to go in we were directed to a table that had a reserved sign on it and at it there was all my friends and family shouting happy birthday at the top of their lungs. A while later after I had finished opening my presents from them I ran off to the stage to see Bonnie. Bonnie plays the guitar and sings a little too. He gave me a small smile and a wink. I went there quite often so he knew it was me and my birthday. After he finished his bit on stage he came off and gave me a hug and pulled out a little box from his suit pocket and said " Happy Birthday Rose!" He was my best friend, he was great fun. After I finished my hug with Bonnie I sprinted over to pirates cove,where Foxy lived. He also recognised me and gave me a huge grin then later on invited me on stage. Then proceeded to sing me happy birthday and swiftly after giving me a great big bear hug. After a while I got very hungry and decided to grab some pizza. About twenty minutes later I started to wonder round the pizza place. This is where it starts to turn bad. Not that long after me venturing through the pizzarhea a siren started blazing and a voice over the speakers was yelling "Code black code black everyone leave...NOW!!!!!!!!" I didn't understand what was going on so I legged it back to the dinning hall where I saw the most dreadful sight: the tables were flipped,there was blood on the walls and last but not least all my friends and family scattered dead across the floor of the pizza-rhea. Suddenly with out warning Bonnie & Foxy came running at me ,their eyes were black with little red pin prick sized dots for the pupal. Foxy then lunged at me and grabbed the front of my face and tiered away ripping out my frontal lope. I laid down trembling with pain and fear while Bonnie & Foxy were kicking and punching me. I was crying "Bonnie...Foxy... P-p-please stop. Remember it's me, Rose." But they never even flinched or hesitated. The pain was unbearable and eventually I fell unconscious. I don't remember anything else I just remember waking up in hospital with a huge chunk of flesh missing from my head. Ever since I haven't been able to step inside a pizza place with out crying about there being robots or it just bringing back that awful,awful memory. But I did end up going back when I was younger but when they approached me I started crying and I wouldn't let them get close to me. I was scared,afraid of them and I didn't like them anymore. I didn't let them explain them selfs because I was too tromatzed to listen. After only being there a few minutes we left I couldn't take it and I hadn't been there since. To be honest I didn't  think they knew what they were doing, I didn't think they even knew what they did to me but I hated them because of what they did to me. They killed everyone I knew and loved. I had no one. I got bullied because of my face (I still have it to this day). People laughed at me because I had no parents. When I first got put in the care home I just sat in the corner rocking back and forward. That's when my therapy started. Anyway while I was at the session he asked me if I had a job. I said no, I was very worried of what he would say next. He said "Because you don't have a job maybe you should try working at Freddy's there is a high possibility you will get cured this way." At first I didn't think it was a good idea but then I started thinking it over. The way I wouldn't be afraid of them anymore the way I can live my life normally. So in the end I decided to listen to my therapist and apply for a job at Freddy Fazbear Pizza. I decided to drive down to the nearest one to me and see if there was any jobs available. When I got there I parked right in front of it and started balling my eyes out. I was still petrified but I remembered that it could cure me so I cleaned myself up and went in. I asked the old women at the front desk  to see the manager. She immediately recognised me and gave me a big hug then went to get the manager.  I had to say that hug felt good, I hadn't had one since...since...well you know. When the manager finally arrived I asked him if he needed any employees. He said "Yes you can either be night watch or cleaner." I hate cleaning so I opted for night watch but what I didn't know it would almost kill me.