
Ashlyn was on her computer typing away. Well she was more of like hacking into Shields database but then her phone started buzzing about recent news and she decided to check it. 'Helicarriers crashed in the city of D.C!'She read more of it and gave it a rest knowing it was already late and tried to figure out how Shield had been compromised. She sighed looking around her cozy cabin and got up. At this time she was only wearing a black tank top with some comfortable pj shorts. Ashlyn grabbed a cup of soda before going to sleep in her king sized bed.2:43 am'Thump. Creak. Thump.'Ashlyn jumped up grabbing her pistol from under her bedside table and got up quietly walking out of her room and into the darkened living room. She quickly went to the window and saw a body outside. Past out. She opened the door and saw something shiny and silver and it caught her eye. She was now on her knees shaking the man with a metal arm softly. "Hello? Are you alive?" She asked poking him slightly. "My day keeps getting better and better..." Her voice trailed off seeing a red soviet star on his metal arm painted neatly. Her breath hitched in her throat. "Hydra..." She whispered. But she couldn't help but notice that the poor man was covered in dirt,blood and who knows what else. Ashlyn softly picked him up, she groaned as she put his arm over her shoulder, and dragged him in the house, dumping him on the couch as she went to get some white rags. She quickly put water on them and walked over to him, on her knees again, cleaning of his metal arm, then his face, then his other arm. Once she finished putting bandages and washing him off briefly, he stirred. Ashlyn slightly jumped as she slowly backed away but his metal arm flew up grabbing her wrist,making her scream a little. "Who are you?!" He almost screamed. He shook her. "Who are you?!" Ashlyn looked at him with fear In her eyes. "Ashlyn Marie!" She screamed back. Her wrist was hurting intensely has he gripped it but then he let go of it looking at his cleaned arm and bandages. "Did y-you do this?" He asked, his breath shakily. Ashlyn noticed that his hair stopped right above his shoulders if not his chin, and that he had slight stubble around it. He was built and his eyes were a beautiful ocean blue but they looked as if they were filled with pain and had something missing inside. Slowly Ashlyn nodded as he looked around the room. "Do you mind if I ask you.. Who are you?" She asked softly already knowing he was apart of Hydra but he looked like a lost puppy who need to be pointed in the right direction.He looked up. "James Buchanan Barnes." He said but then looked as if he remembered something and then added. "Bucky."