
"That smells familiar." Ash said taking a step closer to the drawes that were also against the wall.
He pulled one open and a familiar, beautiful smell filled the shed. Weed! One draw full of it! One was full off packs of bacci and papers and filters and the last was full off sterlings. Who ever lived here must have a lot money.
"Be amazing if we lived here!" I said as we walked out.
"So, who does?" Amber asked looking around. "I mean, I can't remember ever seeing this place before." I guess that was the real question. Who did live here and why were we here.
"I went for a wonder around the rooms earlier before any one else was up," Ash started speaking and looked at us.
"And?"
"Nothing. I looked in ever single room and the only people here are us. There's no cars parked outside the front and as far as I could see, this house is on an island or something cos out at the front, theres a beach." He explained. So we were in a beach house that didnt belong to us.
Upstairs there were four bedrooms. We had all woken up in different ones. There were two rooms full off clothes. One for me and Amber and one for Ash and Marley. At the other side of the hallway, there was a great massive window that took the entire wall. There was a nice sitting area and it had a perfect view out towards the bright blue waves crashing silently against the white sand. It seemed like a perfect place to be with the most perfect people in the world.
"So, I guess if no one else lives here... this is.. our place?" Marley turned to us.
"Well I guess it must be, for the time being." Ash agreed. "What do you two think?" He turned to me and Amber.
"Well, all I know is that you three are here with me, so it cant be all that bad." Amber admitted and walked up to Marley, wrappung her arms around him.
"And what do you think?" Ash wrapped his arms around my waist and held me close.
"I think Im lucky to be here with you. And its in a nice place, so it seems pretty perfect to me," I said and stared into them beautiful eyes again. I couldnt remember pretty much anything but I knew that life had suddenly gotten better.