
Under armor shirts and baggy basketball shorts had replaced the black and white striped tee and black pants combo that the boy adored. The hair that hung down his face had been trimmed and slicked to the side. Erik had now sort of looked like the other kids, the popular ones who wouldn't be forced to drink toilet water or be beaten up on a daily basis.
The school was huge compared to his old private school, which was probably what his mom intended. To her, it made sense. More kids meant more opportunities for friendships. To young Erik, though, it meant more people to tease him if he wanted to show his true self, so he wanted to pretend to be like everyone else, to blend in with the social norm. He knew that if he were to let the world know the real him, the same thing would happen that happened last time; daily being pushed past his limit to make him feel dead on the inside.
A few people helped him out that day; whether it was to show him around or to try to find out about him.
One would ask, "What do you like to do in your free time?"
Erik knew the true answer to that. He watched horror movies, think about monsters, read stories from authors like Ray Bradbury, and other hobbies that most teens would consider insanity.
He replied with something much easier to share, though.
"Run the track and listen to music."
A follow up question was only what he expected.
"What kind of music?"
His favorite music was considered electric, goth, and rock all together. It sent chills down his spine, yet at the same time made him excited and wanting nothing more then to blast it at the highest volume.
His taste in music was rather frightening though, his mother was afraid of them herself. Songs that included death, killing, or monsters weren't really considered safe for children, so, he faked himself again.
"Raps usually, like Eminem or Snoop Dog."
Many more questions came one by one. It seemed like today was never going to end until he was sent to fourth period, which took place right before lunch. Erik wasn't too hungry, he was rather slim. He just couldn't wait due to the fact he could get out of classes for even twenty minutes.
He had English, which he actually loved. He liked reading stories so much, especially horror. The teachers usually had some books that even though didn't go into full graphic detail, were still great.
When he walked in, a boy with undone black hair trudged up to him, murmuring words while keeping his face buried in a paper. Some glared at him, and judged how he dressed in all black, but Erik tapped his shoulder a little.
"Uh... Could you speak up a bit," Erik asked as politely as possible.
"Hi... My name is, uh, Curtis... I was assigned to show you around the classroom and, well, you know... I can help you out and stuff," the taller boy explained slowly.
"My name is Erik," the boy said, reaching out to shake his new classmates hand. The other one did reach out his hand, but almost in a cautious way. They shook hands and Curt turned to begin helping him.
After a quick tour around the class that included seeing the large classroom library and where to check them out, Curtis showed Erik his seat right next to him. If Curtis had to be honest, he was scared. He had doubted that this boy could ever like him, never mind become his friend. Just the way he looked (which was like every other kid, well done up and happy) made Curt feel as if this new kid could turn his back on him in a flash.
Erik saw something in his new acquaintance, though. Not something positive, but that this young man was damaged by the other kids. The sadness in his eyes, the way that the other kids would stare at him, and how he kept quiet just showed he was going through what Erik ran away from. So Erik wanted to connect with him and possibly support him through this treacherous life.