
Jack's P.O.V.
Finally I get to see visit mark. Last time I saw mark we were at pax. So I am really happy to see him again.
I packed all the things I needed. My phone and charger,some cloths,my laptop, and a few other things.
My phone started ringing. IT WAS MARK! I answered. (J=jack m=mark)
M:"hey jack. Mave you left yet?"J:"no no yet. But I am a out to leave"M:"ok. Well call or text me when you are about to land. "J:"ok. Bye. See you soon"Than I hung up.
When I got on the plane. The girl next to me said "OMG! UR JACKSEPTICEYE! U LOVE UR VIDS!" She introduced herself to me. She said her name was Jackie. J:"that's a cute name. "Jy:"thanks. Anyway. Why are you heading to LA?"J:"Oh. I'm going to visit mark at his apartment."Attendet:"everyone please sit down. Buckle up. We are about to take off" (I don't know how that goes. I've never been on a plane)  J:"Well I guess if you want my number here."I hand Jackie my phone. She puts her number in my phone. She puts mine in hers.
*After the flight*
I text markJ:the plane landed. And I got my stuff. M: ok. Well I am on a bench near the entrance.J: ok I'll be their soon.
A few minutes later I saw mark. I ran up to mark. He hugs me I hug back. M:"Jack it's so good to se you again"When we stop hugging I notice that Mark is blushing a bright red. J:"mark are you blushing"I blush even more. M:"no I'm not."He says that as he looks away emarressed. M:"we should head back. I don't want you to wait forever."
We head to marks car. When we got to marks apartment he grabbed my bags.
M:"is it alright if I show you where you are staying?"J:"sure"
I followed mark to the guest bedroom. It was right next to his room. Mark put my stuff on the bed. I noticed that their was recording equipment in a corner.
J:"hey mark what's that over their?"M:"Oh that. That's some recording equipment for guest youtubers like you. "M:"Make yourself at home"
So I did just that. I looked in the mirror and saw antiseptic eye (dark septic eye) in the mirror.
J:"What the fuck do you want know anti?"A:"I want mark that's who I want"J:"NO!MARK IS MINE!"A:"Oh I see you care about mark. Cause I was planning on kissing him. OR killing him. :J:"YOU WOULDN'T DARE!"A:"Oh I would."
Than he ran downstairs with me following. Mark was in the kitchen making dinner. Anti ran up to mark. Anti pushed mark up against the wall. And next thing I see. Anti starts kissing mark. Mark refuses at first. Than he accepted.
J:"NO ANTI STOP!HE IS MINE!I LOVE HIM MORE THAN YOU DO!YOU JUST WANT TO MESS WITH ME AND MY LIFE!"I yelled teary-eyed.
I run up to anti and punch him strait in the jaw. He goes flying. Mark just stood their in amusement. Speachless. Than anti poofed away.
J:"FUCK YOU TOO ANTI. I WILL MAKE A NEW HELL FOR YOU." I scream to word the spot where he vanished.
J:"are you ok mark?"M:"I-i.....thought that was you."J:"no he is not me. Would I do that?"M:"no you wouldn't. Unless you were drunk."
I pick mark up and carry him to the couch.
J:"are you sure your ok?M:"yea. Just a little creeped out. I thought that WAS you."J:"I know. The thing is. He only shows up when I look in the mirror."
Mark doesn't respond. Than I notice that he fell asleep. *awww. Make looks so cute when he sleeps.* I than go in the kitchen and turn off everything and put everything away.
When I get done with that I pick mark up. And brought him up to his room.
*well. I guess it wouldn't hurt if I slept with mark. Right?* After I put mark down I take off his shirt so he is more comfortable. I than lay down next to him with my back facing his.