
"So, Curtis," Erik started. The other man's eyes widened to the size of golf balls in shock, not many people usually talked to him. "What do you like to do?"
"Uh... Well... Write stuff I guess," he grumbled a bit.
The other boy smiled a little, trying to comfort the other, which didn't really work, but he could at least say he tried. "Could I read something you wrote," Erik asked softly.
"Trust me, you wouldn't want to... It is really creepy," Curt tried to explain.
"I do want to though."
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah."
Curtis rummaged through his folder before pulling out a lined paper, filled with scribbled words. The song was called "Personal Demons" and seemed to describe how the boy had been fighting things inside his head. One part caught Erik's attention the most though.
It is just as I suspectI am wired incorrectMust just be a defect of my designAllow me to elaborateOn my poor mental stateI seem to hallucinate from time to time
I have personal demons
The song made the new kid feel horrible for the fellow teen he had just met. He looked at the other man in the eye, hoping to help him in some way.
"Hey... If you need anything you can talk to me, okay? I know you just met me but I have went through this before," Erik assured, looking at his newly made friend.
Curt looked up at him and nodded slightly and sort of sheepishly. "Thanks... It means a lot..."
"No problem."
It remained silent for a while longer until someone came up and swiped away the song from the so called "emo" boy.
"What is this song about? Some other paranormal activity shit? Probably," the kid laughed. People watched, some laughing, some staying silent, and a select few looking afraid.
"'Now my sanity is leaking from the cracks in the ceiling?' You don't even have any sanity to leak, man. You are messed up, man," the kid laughed at Curtis as he tried to get the paper in rage, but he never did.
"Give Curtis back the paper," the teacher snapped at the student. He didn't bother listening, he just kept mocking the boy with his melancholy song, while his friends laughed with him.
Erik hated this, he wanted to fix it right away. He could remember from his old school what this felt like, and he knew no one deserved it.
Jumping up from his seat, he ran away from Curtis and up to the jackass. "Dude, let me see that," he said, pretending to be excited to mock the boy he sat next to.
Glad about the fact that the gothic man was already being teased by the new kid- or thats what he thought, at least- he handed Erik the paper.
Erik ran to Curtis right away, giving him the paper and leaving him in shock. "E-Erik," Curtis gasped in surprise. No one had ever had the courage to do that.
"What the hell dude!? Listen, if you want to survive in here, you don't hang out with kids like Curtass over here," the kid said, knocking Erik to the ground.
Luckily, before any real damage had been done, the teacher, Mrs. Taylor, got in-between. "Will, to the office, now!"