
Kellins Pov
I slammed my dads car door as i stepped out facing my new house. It was a 1 story house but it was still alright. My mom passed away a month ago so im stuck with my shitty dad.
"you watch it Kellin i paid a lot for this car and i dont want a piece of shit like you fucking it up." He snapped at me but I just kept my head down. He opened the trunk and i lift my head up to see what he was doing. He threw me my suitcase and luckily i caught it but he just chuckled.
We didn't have anything to unpack because he had already sent people to do it for us. I hurried with my suitcase when i heard him slam the trunk shut. I slowed down when i got closer to the door so he could unlock it. He glared at me as he opened the door. I honestly don't know why my father hates me so much but I've learned to deal with it. He and I stepped in and for my dad, he did a good job on furniture. The walls were a cream color and there was a comfy looking leather couch in front of the tv which i assumed was the living room. I looked the other way to see a brown table with four chairs. The kitchen was beautiful. Wooden cabinets. I put my suitcase down to go see if they had plates and they did have plates.
"Your room is down that hall last door on the left now go unpack your shit so we can get ready to have dinner." my dad said and i did as he ordered. I got my black suitcase and headed down the hall to my room. I opened it and i was surprised to see that there was actually furniture. A bed with a blue comforter next to a window and my room actually had posters on it and there was also a little tv.
I was startled when i heard my fathers voice behind me saying "i want your room to look like a guys room not some room for a fag." he chuckled and walked out. I'm actually glad that he doesn't know about me being gay. I walked over to the bed and set my suitcase down. I puffed out air and turned around to go open my closet and hang my shirts. I carefully hung each one up and after that was done i shut the doors and opened my dresser and unpacked my jeans and other things. I came across something interesting while unpacking though. My razors. I had them in a little bag so my dad wouldn't see them. Oh how much i missed them but i shook my head and quickly put them in my nightstand drawer.
An hour passed by and i was all ready. I stepped out and went to the kitchen to see my dad sitting there with mac and cheese and a beer. I sat in the empty spot across him. There was a small bowl of mac and cheese in front of me so i began eating the creamy pasta. It was a very awkward silence but there was nothing to talk about. I soon finished and got up and put my plate in the sink then shuffled down the hall to my room.
"Goodnight dad!" i hollered down the hall and i heard him mumble something but i didn't pay much attention to what it was. I pulled my shirt off tossed it to the floor and shimmied out of my black skinny jeans. I hopped into bed hoping that it was gonna be a good day tomorrow because school started tomorrow.