
Kay P.O.V.
O my god I don"t  know what  i"m going to do  or wear i"m am just freaking out. i need to take a chill pill i need to go to the mall so i called  my friend  Kate to go to the mall with me . I  think i"m going to go with a sexy red dress. Just to tease august  and see what he gonna do  but he think he gonna get some butt .but he not getting nothing  but i"m gonna call kate
me:hello kate
kate: hello this is kate and who asking.
me: nigga  this me kayla.
kate: oh girl i thought u was my nigga
me: nahh so u try to say i  sound like a man nigga
kate: nahh i just playing girl i know who u was. but what u calling a nigga for.
me:i was calling  a nigga  to see was u trying to go to  the mall.
kate: yea girl i did an outfit . why u need an outfit for.
me: i got a date  tonight.
kate: girl u need something sexy and who is this lucky boy.
me:my best friend from when i was little  his name  august.
kate: he sound sexy already when  can i see  this August.
me; to night if u babysit crystal please .
kate: ok i will do it  just know if he don"t treat u right i"m going to  kick his face in.
me ;whatever bye nigga.
kate: i"m not playing he better bye.
Kate P.O.V
what kayla don"t if this nigga hurt my best friend i will kill some one fo messing with my baby  i love her.no i'm  in love with her this is the first girl i feel like that with. she is  sexy and i want her to be mine but  she don"t like me like that so she can be my best friend  for now. but any ways let me  get back to kayla.
kay: kate text me and told me to come out side so i told crystal to come on i'll buy her some outfits.
skip car ride
At the mall
so we walk in to the mall and we walk in to victory secret and i got a bra and undwear set. and we went up to bah and body  and got some smell good stuff for tonight. and we walk to get some heels in debs and that when i saw my dress in the window  it was red short and had was backless and it was fitted  in all the right  places .
skip the ride home
so i  went home and got in the shower  for 20 min then i put my dress on with my heels and some make up i was looking right .  then i head the door bell ring so i walk down stairs and i heard kate talking to August.
kate:who u
aug: i'm  august i"m hear for kayla.
kate: oh yeah u cute or whatever
aug:  uh thanks
kate; what u think u gonna  do with her cause u not getting no but
me;ok well i think it time for us to go come on.













