
Liu's POV:
I sat on the couch, not doing much, just waiting for Jeff to come back out of the bathroom. Speaking of that, he has been in there for a while now. My parents were sleeping, so Jeff and I were just hanging out when he ran to the bathroom.
I then started hearing sobbing.
"Jeff?" I called out as I walked to the door. No reply.  "Jeff! Open the door!" I yelled as I pounded the door, surprisingly not waking up our parents. He soon opened the door and I saw it. Insanity. He had cuts in his cheeks forming a grin. His eyelids were also burned off. I quietly screamed and back up down the hallway. He followed me and soon grabbed me.
"Let me go!"
"Don't tell Mom and Dad." He growled out.
"F-fine...just let go of me..." I replied.
He let go and I ran to the bedroom. Jeff followed and sat on the bed next to me.
----5 minutes later-----
The insanity seemed to disappear from Jeff's eyes, but I was still staring at him in horror.
"What? Why are you looking at me like that?" He asked.
"Y-your face..." I said still staring.
He reached up and touched his cheek, and looked at the blood on Hus fingertips.  "When did this happen?".
"Just a few minutes ago..." I answered, finally breaking my stare. He had a look in his face that I can't describe. He pulled me to lay next to him and grabbed my hand.
"Liu?"
"Yes?"
"Will you come with me?"
"Where?"
He shrugged. "I don't know...but to run away."
"W-why?"
"I don't want to hurt anyone...so, you coming?"
"Yea..." I answered quietly.
"Then pack your bag, grab a flashlight too. 'Cause we are going into the woods."
I got off the bed and started packing some extra clothes and food. Putting the bag on my back, I grabbed a flashlight off the shelf and held it in my hand. Jeff was already packed by the time I looked at him. He opened the window and looked back at me.
"Be quiet, I don't want to wake mom and Dad." He whispered and climbed out slowly. I watched carefully so I could mimic his movements. Once he was on the ground he gestured for me to start climbing down. I followed his movements as to be careful and quiet.
Not too long later, my feet touched the ground and Jeff grabbed my hand. I turned on my flashlight and we started walking. After a while we thought we heard rustling in the bushes...
----A/N-----Please remember that these are twisted and are not the original stories, so please do not comment a complaint about that.