
"We sure are. This shorty right here is my older brother," Seto said, placing an arm around Levi's shoulder.
Levi pushed his arm off and started walking in the direction he had pointed earlier. "At least I have muscles," he muttered, loud enough that Seto could hear him.
"Excuse me?" Seto called. He walked passed Ali and started after his brother.
"You heard me, band nerd!" Levi said.
Ali laughed as she listened to the brothers continue to argue. She jogged to catch up with them and ended up walking on the left side of Levi, while Seto walked on his right.
The three of them talked for most of the trip, and Ali was glad that it wasn't painfully awkward. They told each other facts about one another, where they were from, and how they got to be where they are. Ali told them about the earthquake, but didn't include much detail. Seto told her that their parents were on a mini vacation when they died. He said that they had been on the phone with their parents before they heard them scream about an oncoming Avalanche, and then the phone was silent. Ali felt extremely bad for them, but Seto still managed to speak with a sense of hope in his voice. He ended the story by saying that maybe their parents had survived, and their phones broke so they had no way to contact either of them. The faith that this kid had was unbelievable, and Ali envied it.
She was in a trance for a while, thinking about multiple different things at once. She could only imagine the blank expression on her face as she trudged on next to her two new friends. They hadn't talked for a while, which made it peaceful but also uncomfortable. Ali grew to like the sound of familiar voices talking to her. She wanted to say something, then. Get a conversation started. But she couldn't think of what to say.
Then, as if he'd read her mind, Seto spoke up. "You guys wanna play a game?" he asked.
"Like what?" Ali asked.
"What about I Spy?" he suggested.
Levi shrugged. "Okay. I spy . . . something gray."
"Everything," Ali joked.
The boys both laughed.
"No," he said.
"Is it that rock?" Seto asked.
"Yeah! Okay, now you go," Levi said.
"I spy something rare," he said.
Levi and Ali looked around, stumped by his riddle. Then, Ali saw a singular palm tree swaying in the breeze.
"Is it that palm tree?" she asked.
"It is! Your turn," Seto said.
"I spy . . ." Ali looked around for something besides a broken house or a particular rock. She looked behind them, and nearly gasped. There was a group of people following them, and one of them was the man she had attacked with the shovel. "Something dangerous."
The boys followed her stare and exchanged nervous glances when they saw the oncoming crowd.
"Is it that group of thugs?" Levi asked, his voice was quiet but filled with terror.
Ali nodded.
The three of them were walking backwards, about twenty five yards ahead of the group of about eight. Five men and three women, all armed with a weapon ranging from a shard of glass to a baseball bat. Ali looked down at her shovel. The metal part was rusty had some chips in it, which made it pointy in a few places. It had drawn blood before, and she gripped it tightly, hoping she could get it to do it again.