
Alison had been walking for a while now, alone. She just kept staring in front of her as she walked, hoping in the back of her mind that something might pop out from behind a rock and make her forget everything. Because all she wanted to do was forget what she had seen moments ago.
A few hours earlier, an earthquake caused her house to collapse, making it impossible to get into the basement.
Alison pulled her brother out from underneath a pile of wood he had been stuck under. He looked up at her, with tears in his blue eyes and dust in his sandy brown hair. Her little brother. They circled around the house a few times before they found their mother, who had pushed her way out of a pile of debris. The two kids hugged their mother and she hugged them in return, happy that both of her children her survived.
"What do we do now?" Alison asked, finally breaking the silence.
"We need to find a place where I know you'll be safe," her mother said, placing a hand on both of her children's shoulders.
They began walking, but Ali wasn't quite convinced any of them knew where they were going. Until her mom picked up the pace. Ali smiled, knowing her mom must have thought of a location that she wanted to go.
The sound of a storm could be heard in the distance, the sound of thunder and the flash of lightning were coming from a few cities over, Ali estimated. She could tell that her family could hear it as well, because her mom began walking even faster and her brother, Alex, was looking nervously in the direction the storm was. Then, as if the storm knew that they were worried, it stopped. The sudden silence was so eerie that Ali's mom slowed to barely a walk, and held her children close to her.
They only took a few steps before the ground started rumbling. It seemed as if their steps had triggered the shaking, and the power of it was terrifying.
A crack in the earth began to form near the family, and it grew larger and larger by the second. It stretched over to where the three were standing. The first person to see it coming was their mother, but she wasn't fast enough. Alex began to fall into the giant abyss and his mother grabbed his hand, causing her weight to be pulled with his. Her free hand clung to the edge, their bodies dangling over blackness, and the rumbling of the ground made it all the more difficult to hold on.
"Mom!" Ali screamed. She kneeled down and grabbed her mother's wrist. The rumbling made it impossible for her to pull them to the ground.
The piece of ground that her mother was holding began to crumble.
"Ali, listen to me! Head towards town hall and find a place where you can be safe! I need you to be safe," she said.
Ali was too shocked to reply. Her mother and younger brother were moments from death, and they were concerned about her welfare instead of their own. The thought that her only family had accepted their inevitable deaths in a matter of seconds made tears well up in Ali's eyes. She let go of her mother's wrist and stood. She stood helpless as the ground supporting her family's weight crumbled completely and they fell into the darkness below them. She fell to her knees and burst into tears, and was shaking besides the fact that the world beneath her was shaking already.
Ali had been walking for hours, her tears had finally run dry and she walked in silence, with dark thoughts clouding her mind. She wanted to cry, and she felt bad for not doing so. Her family had just fallen to their deaths and there was nothing she could have done. She hated herself for knowing that, and she hated herself for not crying.
Her mother had told her to head for town hall, but she didn't know where it was. She did before everything was ruined. None of the buildings that were still standing looked the same, and there were only a few Palm trees scattered here and there where there used to be dozens. It seemed impossible that the beautiful Floridian scenery had turned into a wasteland in only a short week.