
The woman let out a grunt and squirmed in Ali's grip, trying to break lose. Ali used all of her strength to push the woman off of her, but she wasn't fast enough and the enemy brought her knee down on top of Ali's stomach, forcing her back down onto the ground. Ali grunted and would have thrown up if there was anything in her stomach. She knew that she had to do something, or the woman might begin to use her other leg.
Finally, she got an idea. She dug her fingernails into the skin on the woman's wrists where she held them. She pushed as hard as she could and eventually the woman started to scream.
She dropped the hammer on Ali's arm in her attempt to free herself from her grip. Ali ignored the pain that was rocketing through her arm and kept holding onto the woman. She didn't let go until she drew blood, and the woman backed away, desperately rubbing her wrists. Ali picked up her shovel. She stood up and started swinging. With a couple of hits, she took out the crazed woman that had hit her arm twice with the hammer. She might have felt bad in any other circumstance, but that felt good.
Ali looked over at the boys and her heart dropped when she saw that they were still struggling. The third woman in the group of eight had been knocked out and the other woman that had attacked Ali was curled up in a ball, sobbing as she wiped her nose. There were two guys on top of Seto, and one on top of Levi. That guy just so happened to be the man that was apparently obsessed with rodents. The sight of him again made Ali's blood boil. She really hated him. She tightened her grip on her shovel and began to stomp over to the man.
She only made it about half way to them when the ground started rumbling. The sudden movement grabbed everyone's attention, and soon they were all standing up, some looking confused and others looking worried.
The earthquake shook everything, and a crack in the ground began to form. Ali could tell from the size of it that it wasn't going to be very big, but it was her chance. She ran at the man as best she could without losing her balance, her shovel drawn back behind her head. Luckily, the man didn't see her coming, and she swung the shovel down on his head, knocking him down into the crack. The boys followed her lead, and herded the other two guys towards the gap until they were close enough to throw them in. The three of them scurried as far away from the crack as possible. They huddled together and held onto each other, the force of the earthquake had caused them to collapse onto the ground into a heap.
Even though they were sweaty and bloody, Ali was just glad that her friends were alive. Conscious, even.
After a few long, agonizing minutes, the earthquake subsided and the three friends took a minute to catch their breath. They sat there panting, and for some odd reason Seto began to laugh.
Looking at the two boys, she saw that they only looked slightly worse than before; their clothes were dirtier and they had a few more cuts and bruises. The only bad injury Ali noticed was a gash just above Seto's left temple, and it was dripping blood down the side of his face. Ali wondered if he could even feel it, considering he was just laughing a few seconds ago. Then she started to feel her own injuries, burning again as if they wanted her to feel the pain. She put a hand on her right shoulder where the hammer had hit her, wincing at what must be a giant bruise.
"What happened there?" she asked, nodding towards Seto's forehead.
"That woman over there had a shard of glass. Didn't look like she'd use it, but I guess that assumption was wrong," he said, wiping some of the blood away from his eye.