
Levi reached down and held a hand out to her. She took it. He pulled her to the ground and the three of them embraced into a group hug. They stood there hugging each other for a while, and Ali's breaths quickly evened out.
"We should probably move away from the edge," Seto said.
No one laughed at him tying to be funny. They let go of each other, but none of them moved. Ali looked down into the crack and saw five bodies sprawled out on the ground, with spots of blood here and there. Ali then backed away from it, not wanting to see anymore dead people. Seto and Levi went with her.
"Hey look," Levi said. Seto and Ali turned to look at him. "I upgraded from a flashlight to a hammer!"
He held up the hammer with a proud grin on his face. Ali smiled at his lame attempt to lighten the mood.
"Yeah, and now we all have battle scars," Seto said, lightly smacking Levi where the hammer had hit him.
"Ow! Dick," he said.
After a couple seconds of silence, Seto spoke up. "Alright, let's get moving."
Levi reminded them which way Naples was, and they began to walk that way. Seto was in the middle this time and, being the tallest, he put an arm around each of his friend's shoulders and smiled proudly. Ali and Levi laughed at his foolishness and Levi shoved his arm away. Then Seto took his other arm off of Ali's shoulders and playfully put Levi in a headlock and rustled his hair. Levi pushed him off and lightly punched him on the shoulder. Ali only laughed at their stupid brotherly behavior.
Suddenly Ali was happy again. She felt like she had known Seto and Levi forever. As if they had been friends since daycare. She was especially happy when she thought of them racing over to the pit to see if she was okay. It made her heart melt to think that she now had genuine friends who cared so much about her. She had people who cared for her, and she swore she would care for them just as much.
Ali then snapped back to the present. Seto and Levi were silent now, both walking side by side without saying anything. Ali was amazed that both of them had managed to be quiet for that long.
Her stomach rumbled, and reminded her that she hadn't eaten in a while. She also became aware of how dry her mouth and throat was. She tried to push those thoughts aside. Instead she looked around for something to distract her. She looked down at her hands. They were bloody and dry, and one of them was getting sore from holding the shovel that Seto had picked up for her after the lady chucked it. It wasn't very heavy, but the wooden handle was pretty dry and was scratching up her skin. She stuck the handle of the shovel through the belt loop on her right hip. It didn't feel natural, but she told herself to get used to it. She would rather the shovel scratch up her pants than her hands.
The three of them had been walking in silence for a while now, and Ali noticed Levi trying to blink the tired out of his eyes, and Seto was tapping his fingers on his legs. The journey had quickly become boring and agonizing.
Then, as if the sky was mocking her for feeling bored, a lighting strike struck the ground in front of them, making them all jump simultaneously. Ali looked over to her left, and saw lighting striking the ground all over the place. To her right, there was hardly any lightning.
The boys must have noticed too, because Levi grabbed her by the arm and pulled her that way.  They covered their heads with their arms, as if that would protect them. It at least made them feel safe. They climbed up to the top of a big pile of rocks and jumped down just before lighting struck the top of it.
When they felt they had run far enough, they turned back around to watch the lightning storm. The storm was terrifying to look at. Not only were the lighting strikes huge, there were multiple strikes happening at the same time. Some of them struck houses, causing the walls and roofs to crumble. One roof caught on fire.