
Levi had pulled out the flashlight and Seto had pulled out a small knife that she hadn't seen before now. She wasn't sure if the other group noticed them arming themselves, but they began jogging.
The group of three instinctively started moving faster. The group behind them then broke into a run, and the three of them turned around and began to sprint. It was moments like this that Ali wished she didn't have asthma, not to mention the fact that her heart was already racing before they began running.
The three of them were fast, but the other group was faster. Ali looked back for a second to see that they had gained about ten yards on them, and they weren't slowing down. Ali turned back around, a panicked sound leaving her mouth.
"Don't look back! Just keep running!" Levi shouted.
Her breaths became shorter and shorter, and every time she inhaled it felt like her lungs were going to burst into flames. Her mouth had become dry, and she could feel every step she took pound inside her head. The feeling made her want to double over and throw up, but now was definitely not the time.
She had never sprinted so hard in her life, and she hoped they had run fast enough to escape their enemies. She wanted to slow down, turn and see how far away they were. But Levi's words echoed in her mind and she forced herself to face forward, continue running.
Eventually she couldn't take it, and she felt like she had to look at something other than what was in front of her. She glanced over at Levi out of the corner of her eye and saw that he was still right next to her, sprinting at top speed. His face was red with concentration and covered in sweat. She saw Seto out of the corner of her eye, too. He was beginning to slow down, his pace slightly slower than hers and Levi's. She was about to yell something motivational at him when he fell face-first onto the ground.
But she soon realized that he hadn't fallen on his own. A woman from the group behind them had dove and grabbed onto his ankles, making him fall. Ali and Levi's momentum was still built up, so they weren't able to stop for a couple of feet. But before they were even able to stop, people from the other group were on top of them.
A man pushed her onto the ground, knocking whatever air was left out of her lungs. He grabbed onto her left arm, trying to position her so that he could throw punches. She yanked her arm out of his grip and punched him in the face. He hollered and put a hand to his now bleeding nose. Ali took that opportunity to fasten her grip on the shovel and she swung it at him as hard as she could. The shovel smacked him in the side of the head and he grunted, falling unconscious to the ground.
Ali took a second to look around. One of her friends had managed to knock out another guy, and each of them had two people attacking them. Ali remembered that there were eight people in the group, and she could only see six of them.
Then, as if right on cue, two woman ran at her and then pounced. One of them had a hammer and the other one looked as if she had dropped her weapon. Or so Ali hoped.
The woman without a weapon pounced on top of her and punched her in the cheek, making pain shoot out through the right side of Ali's face. She fell to the ground as the woman with the hammer joined her friend and hit Ali in the ribs with her weapon. Ali screamed at the pain, and gripped her side. The woman laughed a disgusting cackle, as if the sight of beating a sixteen year old girl with a hammer was pleasing. She drew back her arm and struck again, this time hitting Ali in the shoulder.
Ali willed herself to ignore the pain and attack back. She kicked out with her legs, and eventually nailed one of the women in the head. She let out a sharp cry and put a hand to her ear. Ali lashed out again and kicked her square in the nose this time. The woman screamed even louder and fell backwards, blood dripping from her face. The woman with the hammer raised the weapon again, but Ali grabbed hold of her arm before she could bring it down. Frustrated, the woman raised her other arm and clenched her fist, preparing to punch.Ali grabbed that arm, too.