
Multiple different scenarios went through Ali's mind as the strangers approached her. Should she run? Were these people dangerous, or trying to help? Considering the fact that neither of them said anything made her think that they weren't good guys. If they were, wouldn't they have asked if she needed help or something?
Before she could become overwhelmed with panic, two sets of boots appeared on the ground in front of her and the beams from their flashlights danced all around the area she could see.
The piece of wall--or maybe it was a piece of ceiling--that was above her head was pushed aside. The flashlights were shined right at her, so she squinted and shielded her face to try and see who was there. She could only see two silhouettes, but she could tell that there were two men standing in front of her and from the looks of it, they were both tall and muscular.
"Look what we got here! A little rodent that thinks it can survive the End Of The World!" one of the men said. The other guy snickered. The words he'd said flowed out of his mouth so smoothly, but everything about it sounded odd. He'd called her a "rodent" and an "it." He also said "The End Of The World" as if it were the name of a roller coaster, and not the actual end of the world.
"I'd say her world is about to end," the other guy said. They pocketed their flashlights and cracked their knuckles. The guy who had called her a rodent cracked his neck. An upset feeling formed in her stomach, and she felt as if she were in shock. Unable to move.
She finally came to her senses at the last second. She scurried out of the way just as a fist came barreling towards where she previously sat. The man slammed his fist into the ground, and he let out a cry of pain. He turned around and stood next to his buddy, who swung a fist at her. She ducked while she was simultaneously walking backwards. Not being able to see where she was going was already a dumb idea, but to make it worse, she tripped over a rock and fell. The two men grinned at her mistake, and one of them raised an arm, preparing to strike. She lifted up her arms to cover her face, but never felt a fist make contact with her. Instead, she heard the sound of grunts and bodies slamming against the ground.
She moved her arms to see that two other boys had come out of nowhere and were beating the two thugs. One of the mysterious boys had grabbed hold of a man's flashlight, and began beating him with it. The other boy had the other thug pinned down with his legs, and was punching him in the face with both hands. It was a strange sight to see: two young boys, probably teenagers, beating the absolute shit out of two huge grown men. Ali almost laughed out loud.
The man who was being whacked with his own flashlight pushed the boy off him and ran away. Ali wasn't sure, but she thought she could see him sobbing into his hands. The other man eventually got the boy off of him as well, but he didn't run. He stood up and wiped the blood out of his eyes. The boy with the flashlight walked over and helped the other boy to his feet.
"I will not be humiliated by a couple of rats like you!" The man shouted. Ali wondered if he had a rodent fetish.
The other boy, who was slightly taller, picked up a rock and prepared to chuck it.
Ali saw something glint out of the corner of her eye. She looked over to see a shovel poking out from a pile of rocks. She looked back over to see the taller boy throw the rock at the man's shoulder, which only enraged him more. Ali crawled on her hands and knees over to where the shovel poked out of the earth. Looking back and forth between the angry man and the shovel, she realized that he was busy threatening the two boys so it wasn't likely that she would be noticed. When she finally reached it, she grabbed the handle and pulled. It wiggled free easier than she thought it would, and she turned it around and gripped it tightly in her hands. She walked up behind the man, who evidently still couldn't hear her because he was loudly yelling at the two boys while trying to punch them.