
"No, you can't move to New York. That's crazy, Vanessa! " Ellen, Vanessa's mom, yelled at her daughter. She thought it was a stupid idea for her daughter to move somewhere far away with Dylan. They've only known each other for two years.
"Come on, mom. You want the best for me and that's New York." Vanessa tries to reason with her mom.
"Not with Dylan. Once he's done with dating young girls, he's going to dump you on the side of the road. "
Vanessa gasps, "You're a bitch. "
Ellen sighs and tries to grab Vanessa. Instantly Vanessa jerks back staring with disbelief at her mom. She grabs her phone and runs outside. Vanessa texts Dylan asking him to pick her up which he replies saying, "he's on his way."
"I swear Vanessa if you leave I don't  want you to ever come back." Ellen yells. She wanted her oldest daughter to be a good example for her younger kids. In her opinion Vanessa wasn't.
"Fine then. I'm gone." A tear escapes her eye, but she quickly wipes away. The last thing she wanted was to let her mom see her cry.
A car pulls up and out comes Dylan. He smiles brightly glancing at Vanessa until he sees her crying. Vanessa doesn't speak at all and simply gets into the car. Dylan frowns wondering why his girlfriend was crying. He waves to Ellen who shoots him the bird. She never liked him.
"Do you want to get some frozen yogurt?" Dylan asks getting into the car. Frozen yogurt always seem to make Vanessa happy. She nods and Dylan drives off to YogHut.
***
"My mom thought it was a dumb idea too."
Vanessa frowns, "maybe we shouldn't move there."
"No, Vanessa. We can't let people hold us back. Like the wise Ms. Frizzle said, 'take chances make mistakes.' We can do this Vanessa. " Dylan says causing Vanessa to smile.
"We can do this."
"That's the spirit!" Dylan pulls Vanessa into a short kiss, "we're going to New York."
The couple leaves the yogurt place and head to Dylan's best friend's house. They kept their clothes there just case their had an reaction like they did. Vanessa steps out of the car to walk up to the large brick house. The house was like an apartment. People rented out rooms if they couldn't afford an actually apartment. She open the door and close the door quickly.
"What's wrong?" Dylan questions confused.
"Vagina and dicks, Vagina meets tongue."
"What? "
"Can we just get our stuff and leave?" Dylan shrug and open the door. His eyes were wide open. It was like a p0rn scene going on in the living room. His best friend, Justin, was literally having a threesome with two girls from their old college. Dylan grabs Vanessa's hand and pulls her up to their room.
They each took turns carrying boxes pass the porn scene. Which is something that doesn't happen everyday. Nasty. The couple finishes putting everything in the car which wasn't a lot. They already moved their stuff to the apartment in New York.
"Alright, Vanessa baby ,let's start this adventure."