
Ali suddenly felt stupid again. How could she have forgotten that she never actually took out that woman? She felt like she was looking at an experiment that she'd made in a lab and the experiment had gone wrong.
The woman's white knuckles were wrapped around the handle of the hammer tightly, her nose was covered in dry blood from where Ali had kicked her, her brown hair was dirty and knotted in most places, and her eyes were wild. Ali wondered if this woman had actually gone insane.
"THE MEAN MAN MADE ME DO IT," the woman repeated, this time louder.
Ali couldn't think of what to do. She just stood there with wide eyes, frozen.
"It's okay. Who's the mean man? What did he make you do?" Levi asked, his voice was calm. Ali was grateful that someone else had spoken up.
"He's the one who called me his little field mouse. He said that if I wanted to live I had to do what he said. He made me do it," she said. Her whole body was trembling.
Ali assumed that the woman was talking about the man with the rodent fetish. Ali had decided to call him RoDent. Because he was obsessed with rodents, and now he had dents in his head from Ali's shovel. She was quite proud of the nickname, but it didn't make the thoughts of him any less terrifying.
"The mean man is gone now. Can you tell us what he made you do?" Levi asked her.
The woman looked down at her dirty feet. "He made me attack children."
The statement slightly relieved Ali, but also angered her. That man had forced her to attack the three of them against her will. And the way that she was acting made it seem like he'd made her do worse things before. Once again, Ali felt lucky that they were all alive. She glanced up at Seto, who glanced back at her with an eyebrow raised. Obviously, he thought something was off about her, too. She saw him tighten his grip on his knife and she did the same with her shovel.
"Well, you don't have to attack us anymore," Levi said.
"He told me to attack the children. He said if I don't attack the children then he will kill me," she looked up at them with an ominous gaze. "And I don't want to die."
Then she threw the hammer. It hit Levi in the stomach so hard that he grunted and fell backwards. Seto's attention was on his brother, and he was kneeling next to him in seconds. Ali's attention, however, was trained on the crazed woman that was running straight at her.
When the woman reached her, she grabbed hold of the shovel and tore it out of Ali's grip. She chucked it aside and swung a fist at Ali's head. Ali grabbed her wrist before it could make contact with her, and then grabbed the other one as it came flying towards her face. The woman was surprisingly strong, and she began to push Ali backwards towards the crack formed by the earthquake. Ali didn't have to look back to know that her time to act was running out.
Ali waited until she could feel her heels begin to slip over the edge of the pit.
"ALI!!!" she heard Levi scream.
She narrowed her eyebrows at the woman. At the last second, she squatted down and pulled the woman over her head with strength that she didn't know she had. But it was too much. Ali let go of the woman's wrists as she felt her weight being pulled into to the void below her. Panic flooded through her, and she desperately held her hands out in front of her, her fingers scraping the wall. Eventually her hands clung onto a piece of the wall that was sticking out. She looked up at the small ledge that had saved her life and hung there, breathing heavily.
Seto and Levi were looking over the edge seconds later.
"Oh, thank god," Levi said.