
No one could have prevented the disasters that struck our world. One after the other they came, killing large amounts of people all around the globe. Scientists were on the verge of discovering what was causing the unusual patterns in the atmosphere, but they weren't fast enough. A monumental earthquake struck the Northern Hemisphere just as four major tornadoes attacked the Southern. The earthquake alone caused damage to a lot of land north of the equator, causing buildings to collapse, and creating tears in the earth. Some were huge, and you couldn't walk very far without having to cross through a giant crevice in the ground. The tornadoes ripped houses and land apart, and were sometimes so powerful that they could rip a full house right off the ground. Two of the weaker tornadoes eventually subsided, but the two stronger ones moved out to sea, and churned up the waters so fiercely that no one dared go near the coast.
Those disasters were the first of many. There were warnings, but nobody expected what came until it was at their doorstep, or. . . tearing apart their doorstep. Almost twenty million people were wiped out by the damage, whether they were prepared for it or not.
The streets became abandoned as everyone retreated inside or underground. Not that many streets could be driven on anymore, though. People began making desperate phone calls, calling family, friends, or even someone that might know how or what was happening.
Then, quicker than anyone could have predicted, active volcanoes began to erupt. Dormant ones luckily remained that way, but the sudden bursts of lava caused the deaths of about two million more people.
People everywhere were dropping like flies, and it was terrifying. Probably because their deaths were sudden and seemed to come out of nowhere.
Soon disasters were striking everywhere, and it was as if one giant storm cloud had surrounded the entire globe. The sky was dark, and if you didn't have a watch you would never be able to tell that it was supposed to be morning. Every week or so a giant, unnatural disaster would strike somewhere, but smaller storms stuck in between each one. In one place, it could be a thunder and lighting storm, and suddenly a mountain would crumble, causing a giant Avalanche. And in another place, it could be hailing for a week until a volcano erupted. The weather patterns were now unpredictable, and most of them were deadly.
At this point, everyone had lost hope in saving the world, and had just come to terms with their inevitable deaths. People were losing their families, friends, and some, their sanity.