
"You still want to sleep?" He smirked.
"Not at all. Let's go before I change my mind." I grinned at him dragging his hand to my reserved room.
"You saved this room for yourself to sleep in huh?" He asked amused. I just nodded with a laugh.
"Yup you are definitely like my best friend. I haven't seen her at all tonight." He said trailing off.
"I honestly don't care. Now let's get physical physical." I sang making him laugh.
He grabbed me and pulled me close to him. Our lips were violently collided and moving in sync. The kiss was so hungry it turned me on. He unzipped my dress with no hassle having it slip off. He pulled me up wrapping my legs around his torso as I softly bit his lip. He moaned tracing kisses down my jaw. Man, did this guy have the lips of a god. I tilted my head to the side gripping on his hair. I moaned as he sucked on certain parts of my neck for sure leaving marks. Walking to the bed he threw me on. He broke away taking off his shirt and pants leaving him in his boxers and mask. He had on these superman boxers making me laugh.
"My best friend has that same pair." I giggled.
"You my deary, are greatly intoxicated. This is going to be fun." He pulled down my panties and his boxers, exposing his great junk. Just as he was about to go into me I stopped him.
"Wait, wait, wait. Where's your protection? I don't want your babies." He held up a finger bending down taking his wallet out of his pants. He pulled out the rubber, putting it on.
"There we have it." He smirked. Before I knew it we had each other screaming in pretty sure China heard it.
This guy was definitely the best I ever had.
______
Sweet munchkins. Hello There. So like I said I started a new story. I hope you liked it. I'm very much in love with Sierras personality mostly because I almost have the same. But anyway..... Please comment and vote. Let's just get to 5+ votes for the next chapter? I might write it even before but just for the fun. Follow me to know when I update my stories! Thank you for reading and stay tuned!