
She waited until he stopped moving for a brief second, then swung the shovel. It hit him on the back of the head and drew blood. He gripped his new wound and turned on Ali. Quickly, she swung again, and this time the shovel connected with the side of his face. It knocked him out. He collapsed on the ground, and the taller boy threw another rock at his head for good measure.
Ali looked up at her rescuers, who were high-fiving and celebrating their victory. She smiled and a relief-filled sigh escaped her lips.
"That was awesome!" The boy with the flashlight said.
"Cool shovel," the taller boy said.
She laughed, "Thanks."
"I'm Seto, by the way. And this is Levi," the taller boy said. Levi smiled and waved at her.
Seto was probably four inches taller than her, and maybe six or seven taller than Levi. He had curly black hair and a kind smile. His eyes were slightly hard to see, but even in the bad lighting they glistened with hope. She guessed he couldn't be older than seventeen. Levi was the shortest of the three, and he had light brown hair that was short but messy. His eyes were lighter than Seto's , and the emotion in them was hard to read. His age was difficult to predict, but she guessed he was a teenager as well
"What's you're name?" Seto asked.
"I'm Alison," she said, breaking away from her thoughts.
"What's a girl like you doing wandering around in a place like this?" Levi asked.
Ali shrugged. "Just trying to stay alive, I guess."
"Yeah well, it's not that easy nowadays. As if the storms weren't bad enough, people are running around causing trouble like they're insane. Just like these guys," Seto said. He kicked the unconscious man in the arm when he said "these guys."
Ali stared at the man for a while before looking back up at the boys. "Thank you," she said.
"Don't worry about it," Seto said, a smile forming on his face.
Ali liked these two boys. The smiles were genuine, not to mention the fact that they had just saved her life moments ago.
"You wanna come with us?" Levi asked.
Ali was taken aback by the question. "Where are you going?"
"Away from here. We've heard about some rumored safe houses down near Naples. They're only rumors but, we're hoping they're true," Levi answered.
Deep down, Ali had been hoping that these guys would stay with her. To any normal person, they just looked like scrawny, weak teenage boys, but Ali knew that they could put up a fight. And she could help them, now that they wanted her on their side. She smiled at the thought of being part of a team, having people she could trust with her. She nodded.
"Alright!" Seto said, and smiled again.
"Do you guys know where Naples is?" she asked.
"Uuhh, we were pointed in that direction last time we asked," Levi said, pointing Southeast from where they were.
The sun began to peak through the storm clouds. It was so subtle that it was barley noticeable, but Ali looked up at the sky and saw the black clouds turn to a lighter shade of gray. When she looked back at the boys, it was light enough that she could see the color of their eyes. Seto's were brown and Levi's were blue. She saw familiarities in their faces.
"Are you guys related?" she asked.