
"She went to get ready for the masquerade. What about you? Are you coming?" He asked smirking.
"Of course I am. I'm Ryan's date." I smirked back at him.
"Want a pair of my shoes?" He chuckled.
"I wish. He scolded me like my dad and told me not to. Luckily I knew this day would come, so I have all the things I need. AKA, your mom told me this morning and gave me something. Now I gotta go get hot." I waved him off and ran into the big room we share.
Yes we sleep next to each other, he's my best friend. Things like that are normal for us. I can walk around in my under garments and nothing will happen. Ugh I love our relationship. I smiled stripping out of my clothes and into the hot soothing shower.
--
I just finished putting on my last ear ring and looked at myself in the full body mirror in the bed room. I looked hot. Call me what you want, I love the way this dress looked on my body, I need to thank Pattie later.
"Sierra its 8. You said you would meet me." Ryan said outside the door.
"Well if I came anytime before I wouldn't look as good." I opened the door leaving him wide eyed.
"Damn you look hot. I better keep an eye on you this whole time so no one takes you." He smirked kissing my cheek.
"Let's go to the masquerade!" I yelled running as fast as these 6 inch heels could take me. This dress was so big, how do people wear shit like this. I hopped in the limo followed by Ryan. It was packed and I couldn't tell who was who. This is going to be fun!
When we arrived I was awe struck by the scenery. There were chandeliers everywhere. Everyone was dressed so nicely. I couldn't believe it, it was like a scene in the movies.
"I'm going to my date Ry!"
"I know you are." He chuckled. I kissed his cheek with a smirk going to the food table.
"Mamas here babies." I cheered stuffing my mouth. There were waiters with drinks and I of course took every kind I saw.
This is gonna be good!
**
It's already midnight and I've lost Ryan. More like I haven't found him since he moment I ditched him. I don't know where he is but, I'll get through. This masquerade is placed in this odd hotel/ restaurant thing where there are rooms! I put a sign on one just for myself so I can sleep peacefully, knowing we aren't going anytime soon. I haven't even seen Justin yet. I sat on this little bench under the grand staircase feeling the presence of someone behind me.
"Why so lonely cutie?" I heard a masculine voice slur.
"Because I lost my date. How about you Mr. Stud Muffin?" I flirted. What? He looked hot behind the mask. Plus those shots I had are finally kicking in.
"She left a while ago. Drunk off her ass. Called a cab and sent her home." He said.
"Awe how kind." I told him. He sat next to me putting an arm around my shoulders.
"Listen, I can sit here and act like I don't care or we can head upstairs, get a room for ourselves and have some fun because I can tell we're both pretty drunk." He stated bluntly.
"Or we can just go upstairs and sleep because I'm feeling a bit tired." I joked. He smiled.
"You have the same personality as my best friend. You two would get along." He laughed. Next thing I know Mr. Stud Muffin has his lips on mine and ohhh sweet baby potato were they soft. I kissed back instinctively. He pulled back too quickly leaving me wanting more.