
BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP!
I sit in my bed planning my revenge on who ever invented the alarm clock. After 5 minutes of debating if I should get up or not, I trudged to my bathroom and ran a nice, hot, shower.
"Harper you have 20 minutes!" my mom shouted from downstairs. "Okay- wait 20 MINUTES!" I grabbed a white t shirt and a pair of ripped skinny jeans and pulled them on. I braided my wet, brown hair. I grabbed my teal oversized hoodie and my white converses and ran down stairs.
"Harper, Olivia will be here any minute so you'd better hurry up and eat." my mom threw me an apple and handed me my bookbag. "Oh mother, what would I do without you." I kissed her cheek just before I heard a familiar honking outside. "That must be Olive. Bye mom." I took a huge bite of my apple and pushed my glasses up the bridge or my nose.
"Hey Harpy" Olive looked over at me and smiled. Olive was beautiful. She had long auburn hair that went to her waist and a figure to die for. Today she was wearing a black crop sweater that covered her hands and red high waisted jeans with a pair of black ankle boots. She had her auburn hair in a long ponytail and wore red lipgloss. She really was gorgeous."Hey Oli" Olive pulled out of our driveway and took off toward the school.
"Ugh, Harper can you at least try to make a decent outfit?" Olive looked at my outfit in disgust. "Sorry I was rushing," I shrugged and bit out of my apple. "Besides no one pays attention anyway." We pulled into the school parking lot. I climbed out of the car and threw away my eaten apple. "Harpy, I care" Olive whined, getting out of the car herself.
We walked into the school and saw The Clique at my locker. The Clique is a group of 3 super hot girls that basically rule the school. Their leader is Jessica Addison, the most ruthless, gorgeous, whore you will ever meet. For some reason, she hates my guts. Olive says she hates me because I'm prettier than her but, we all know that's a lie. Her two bimbos, Rebecca and Casey, are also rotten sluts. Rebecca is the one that will basically do the deed with anybody. Casey is the airhead that, and when I say air, I mean pure oxygen. That girl is so dumb, it pains me to see her talk.
Anyway, they were at my locker with evil looks on their faces. Jessica had on what looked like a shirt made for a five year old, that pressured her boobs together. She also had on skinny, skinny jeans and her platinum blonde hair in a high ponytail. Rebecca had a pink dress that came to her mid thigh, some 6 inch pink stilettos, and her black hair cascaded down her back. Casey had on shorts that looked like underwear, a shirt that showed her pierced belly button, and her dirty blonde hair in a half and half. Disgusting. Olive and I approached my locker and Jessica started talking.
"Listen nerd, you have something I want and I'm here to get it." I pretend to ignore her and opened my locker. She took her perfectly manicured hands and slammed it shut. "I need you to get Jack in love with me." Olive and I stopped in our tracks and started laughing hysterically. "You -laugh- want me to -laugh- get Jack -laugh- to date -laugh- you -laugh-" I almost fell over. See, Jack is my other best friend and I have to say, he is quite good looking. I can see why she would like him.
"SHUT UP!!" Jessica yelled and everyone's attention was on us. She was blushing bright red. "Ok thanks for the laugh, Jessica, but no" I slammed my locker shut and left with Olive to English.
"Hey guys" Jack squeezes between Olive and I and puts his arms around us. "What's up" Olive and I start giggling. "What's so funny?" Jack asks with a confused look on his face. "Jessica asked me to hook you up with her" I said. Jack was silent for a few minutes then started laughing. Soon after, Olive and I joined in. And we walked all the way to English, laughing out loud.