
(That's Lexi)
Lexi's P.O.V
"Mommy! Mommy! Wake up there's someone at the door!" I heard Paisley yelling and jumping on my bed.
I sat up and looked at her. "Did you open it!?" I asked worried. She shook her head no and I sighed in relief. "Good." I told her getting up out of bed.
I walked to the front door rubbing my eyes with Paisley close behind. I opened the door with Paisley standing behind me peeking around my leg. And I saw the one person in the whole entire world I didn't want to see. But more importantly the person I didn't want Paisley to see. I was at total shock and I'm pretty sure my face showed it.
I quickly shut the door and picked up Paisley taking  her to her room setting her down told her to play with her toys and to not come out.
I ran to the front door and opened it. I stared at Justin with pure anger in my eyes. He stood there holding roses smiling looking like an idiot. But quickly stopped and looked confused. But then his face showed sympathy.
"Lex I'm sorry" he said trying to touch my arm. I stepped back not letting him touch me. "you left me..." I whispered. "For 5 years Justin.."
"I know, and I'm sorry" he said stepping into my house. "Excuse you" I say acknowledging how he just walked in. He looked around and right now it's a total mess cause paisley has her toys everywhere.....
"What's with all the kid toys.?" He asked looking at me. I looked down and rocked back and forth on my feet.
"You have a kid?" He asked more shocked then ever. " you have a kid, so does that mean you have a boyfriend!? You dated someone else? Lex..." he said looking at me with those big brown eyes full of hurt.
I shook my head. He looked confused."Yes Justin. Yes I have a kid, but no I don't have a boyfriend, and no Justin I didn't date anyone else." I said looking at him.
"Then what? You had a one night stand!? Just tell me Lexi!" He said getting mad yelling.
"Mommy.." I heard paisley say coming out sounding scared. "Baby please go into your room. Mommy will be there in a few minutes okay?" She nodded and shut the door.
" That child in there Justin.. Is yours" I whispered. He looked at me surprised. "W-what? And you didn't tell me?" He said softly looking down. "I tried but you left. I didn't know you were going to leave for 5 years." I said looking at him.
"You got pregnant when you were 16 and didn't tell me then!? I would've stayed Lexi! I would've stayed and helped you!" He said getting more mad.
"Shhhhh!" I said. "I said I tried Justin! I said I needed you! And what did you do!? You left me! For five fucking years! Five years Justin! Five years you'll never get back! Five years of your child's life you'll never get back!" I whisper yelled at him.
"I'm sorry" he said as a tear slid down his check. How could I stay mad at him when that happened? This is why I stayed with him. cause even when he could be a total jack ass he can also be a total sweet heart. And I melt into his hand every time he's sweet and I couldn't break up with him. He was my world. He is my whole world.