
"Of course! I'd love to!" Kendall replied.
I smiled and went back to talking to Jessie. "Hey, Jess, could you maybe come inside? Help me find my bag? I can't seem to find it anywhere!"
"Um, you're weird... But okay, anything for the best sister ever!"
"Thanks! You've got that right!" I grinned, hanging up.
"Is she coming?" Kendall asked.
"Yeah! She is! She will be so happy when she sees you!"
"What if I told you that I'd be happy if you let me put my number in your phone?"
I looked up at Kendall, who had a smirk on his face. "Um... What? Really?"
"Yeah! I'd like to get to know you more! I want to know us more! Not just as Nayely and Kendall," He pointed at the two of us just standing there, "but as... Nayely AND Kendall." He patted his hand over his heart.
"You're a cheeseball." I grinned.
"Is that a yes?"
I nodded and gave him my phone. He took it eagerly and started typing his number in. He handed it back to me. "I saved it as Kendall, but feel free to change it to any secret name so that no one knows it's really me!" He winked.
"I'll keep that in mind!" I smiled.
Suddenly, Jessie's voice boomed into the arena. "Alright, let's look for that ba- OH MY GOSH!!!! KENDALL SCHMIDT!?"
----
//Nicole's Point of View//
"I... Love... That... Show." A girl dressed in red expressed as she walked out of the theatre. I smiled and looked up at the marquee above me that read 'HEATHERS: The Musical'. It really was a great performance. Perfect casting, perfect voices, perfect music, perfect... Everything! Only a theatre geek like me would come and see a show like this for the THIRD time, alone. I decided to stroll around the corner and saw some of the cast stepping outside of the stage door, looking like they were taking in all the fresh New York air. I debated on whether or not to go up and say hi! It was the cast of HEATHERS THE MUSICAL. Holy cow! I turned back around and turned the corner again. I leaned against the wall. "Suck it up, Nicole! You can do this! Just walk up to them and say hi! Tell them they did great. As usual!" I muttered to myself. I took in a deep breath and turned the corner again, looking at the ground before bumping into someone. MOMENT RUINED!!! I felt myself bounce back a little, almost falling, until I felt a hand wrap around my wrist and catch me. I opened my unconsciously closed eyes and looked up at who my savior was. My eyes widened when I realized who it was.
"You- I- You... I..." I stammered. I was looking straight into the face of the original JD of the broadway production of Heathers, Ryan McCartan.
"Are you okay? You seem a bit shaken up." Ryan asked in a concerned voice. He pulled me up straight as I looked down, embarrassed.
"Uh yes. Sorry, I'm just... Such a huge fan of Heathers and your work in it!" I exclaimed, not looking at him and dusting off my long cardigan.
"Thank you! It seems I'm  fan of your adorable clumsiness!"
I looked up at him. "You think I'm clumsy? Oh jeez!" I smacked my forehead and turned away from him.
"And adorable! Don't be ashamed!" He grabbed my arm and swung around me to face me again.
I looked up at him. "Uh, well, I'm ashamed, and I want to go home and curl up in a ball, in my bed, eat some ice cream, and maybe die, so I will see you... Possibly never, because yeah, I said die so-"