
"But you said MAYBE die."
"75% chance."
"Well I hope you hit that 25%!"
"Nope. Bye! Nice meeting you!" I smiled and started walking away. "And embarrassing myself even more, gosh Nicole, what is the matter with you?" I muttered under my breath.
"Hey, wait!" Ryan called. I turned around. He smiled. "I didn't catch your name."
I smiled and looked down at the ground, thinking of the perfect response before looking up at him again. ".... I didn't throw it."
Ryan's smile grew wide. Maybe it was because of the fact that we just threw quotes from Heathers at each other. Or maybe he was looking at me like that in sympathy, because he just realized how lame I was for quoting that with him. Yeah, that sounds about right. He walked up to me again before I could turn around.
"But really, what is your name?" He asked. "Don't tell me... Are you a Heather?"
I grinned at the second Heathers quote of the night, and I responded with one as well. "No, I'm a Veronica."
"Are you really?"
"Well, not exactly, but I am a Nicole. A Nicole Lanson."
"Ah, well, it's nice to meet you, Nicole. I'm Ryan, a hot psychopath by day, and a... Well, the same thing by night."
"No kidding!" I laughed.
"Are you alone on this lovely Friday night?"
"I am. This is actually my third time seeing this show, all alone!"
"Whoa! Your friends didn't want to tag along?"
"Oh well, maybe if I had some, but I just moved here 2 months ago and I haven't exactly settled into this big city yet."
"Oh! Well consider me your first friend then! Here, I'll give you my number and you can call me... Maybe this weekend? I'll give you a little tour. If you're not busy."
"Uh, sure!" I gave him my phone and he typed in his number. He handed it back after saving it. I looked at it and saw he had made his name 'Jason "JD" Dean'. I smiled a little. "Well, Jason Dean- or should I call you JD?"
"I prefer Ryan." He smirked.
"Oh, okay, Ryan, it was an absolute delight to meet you, but I'm afraid I must be going!" I mocked a high, fancy, British accent. I spoke normally while finishing my goodbye. "I better go before the girls start getting all over you! I don't wanna be caught in that chaos!" I joked.
"Chaos is what killed the dinosaurs, darling."
I shook my head and smiled at his snuck in quote. "You sure are smart, Ryan."
"I try!"
"I'll see you later."
Ryan waved with a smile on his face. I breathed in and turned around, running across the street to my car. I unlocked it and opened the door, looking over the roof and glancing at Ryan once more, who was still looking at me with a goofy smile. I smiled and slid into my car, closing the door. I looked back once more to see Ryan and the cast getting bombarded with fans running around the corner. Just in time. I smiled and started the car, ready to drive back to my apartment.
----
//Nayely's Point of View//
After dropping Jessie off at home, I went back to drive to my apartment. What a night! Jessie thought it would be funny to change Kendall's name to "Boyfriend" on my phone,  quotation marks included. She said that I should at least leave it like that for a week to see if he catches it. I told her that he would definitely not catch that in a week's worth. "You never know!" She sang before exiting my car. I chuckled at the memory and continued driving, stopping at a stop sign. I had these crazy butterflies fluttering everywhere! Tonight was just perfect. I don't know what could have gone wrong. Nothing could make tonight crash and burn. Absolutely nothing. I looked and saw that there weren't any cars coming, so I drove on ahead. A split 2 seconds later, a cat pounced onto the street. I gasped, swerving around and hitting the tree right ahead of me. I lifted my head a little before dropping it back down and watching my vision fade before me.