
Life. It's different for all of us. Some of us have a life that others could only dream of, and more. Some have a life that they are totally and completely content with. They have food on the table and a roof over their head, and for that they are completely grateful. Some have absolutely nothing. No food, no home, and the struggle to find other basic necessities. I am one of the few people who have everything that I could ever dream of, and so much more. But it's not under my control to have it right away. I am Audrey Royce, and my family had power over everything I did. My father was running for president and everyone made sure I never stepped out of line, did one thing that could tarnish the reputation that they not only wanted, but needed.
My father Gerald Royce is the second oldest in his family, and the first born son. He always knew he had high expectations to live up to, but never took charge of his own life. Letting his parents take control of him. He's the head of the multi-million dollar family business, and is now doing what my grandfather has wanted him-or any other child in the family except Florence- to become, President of the United States.
My Mother Grace Royce was named after her grandmother Grace, and lived an extremely privileged life, and was quite used to being under the public eye at all times, but fled from that life.
My mother and father met on a sunny day in the park while she was painting and he was walking his golden retriever Winston. From there they fell in love and after two years of dating married, and moved into a penthouse apartment, and had me. We live a beautiful life where I go to a Catholic Private school (St. Genevieve High School), and in the summer time we go to the Hamptons yachting, attending Country Club parties, and spending time as a family together with our lovely golden retrievers Winston and Scarlett. At least that's what we want everyone to think.
My parents met because my mother knocked on a door that looked to be somewhat safe in the huge city of New York, while she was hiding from her family, and had a child before they were married, they soon got married, and had me. They sent the first born child off, my father slept with multiple different women and men, and my mother went into a spiral drinking until she couldn't wake up. We spend summer in the Haptons, but most of the time my father spends the night in the apartment above the garage, while mother drinks and calls the only family member she has that will talk to her. We go yachting but father disappears into one of the bedrooms, while mother and I tan on the deck, and I comfort her while she cries. We go to Country Clubs parties, and that's the only time where for maybe half-an-hour we are together. Clearly everyone in the family has problems except me. I Audrey Royce stayed in line, because that is what the family needed, someone to make sure that mother and the press didn't find out father was having affairs, someone to find a way to carry mother to bed, and nurse her back to health so that eight hours later she could drink all over again. Someone needed to do it, and I was the only one who could. But that's not even the half of it. Theres a story behind everything, and usually the story shouldn't be retold.