
//Nayely's Point of View//
"Can you believe it!? We just saw Heffron Drive in person!" My little sister Jessie exclaimed as we walked out of the arena. We had just gotten out of a Heffron Drive concert, which I took her to as a birthday gift. She loved Heffron Drive, and even though I'm not too big of a fan, I still had to see Kendall Schmidt! He's hot, okay?
"Yeah, you're welcome, Jess!" I told her in a mocking voice.
"Thank you!!! I love you, I love you, I love you!!"
"Well jeez, for a 14 year old, you sure can squeal like a 5 year old!" I joked. Jessie pushed me playfully and stopped.
"Hey Nayely, I have to go to the bathroom, do you need to go?" She asked.
"Not really. But I'll wait right-" I started replying, reaching for my bag. Then I realized I didn't have it on! Crap! I probably left it by our seats! "Um, Jess, you go on to the bathroom and meet me by that sign over there, I left my bag inside the arena on accident so I'll need to run back inside really quickly. I'll call you when I have it so you know I'm on my way out!" I told her, pointing at a sign advertising some kind of alcoholic beverage. She nodded and rushed to the restroom. Considering her rush, I rushed off, too, making my way inside the arena and down the stairs to where our seats were. It was kind of dark, but the lights along the stairs helped me see where I was going.
"Gosh, I love playing in New York!" Someone cheered from what seemed like the stage. I looked down as I found my row and walked down to the seats. Our seats were pretty close to the stage, so the view was great! Especially the view of Kendall... I finally reached our seats and reached down, my hand landing on my bag immediately.
"Gotcha!" I grabbed it and snapped up.
"Hey! Who are you and what are you doing here still?" The person on the stage shouted out, almost nervously. I looked at him to see who he was, but all I could see were the shadows casting on his prominent features.
"Oh sorry! I was just leaving! I left my bag here!" I called back to him. As I started sliding out of the row, he jogged over and jumped over the barricade that separated the seats from the stage. He reached me as soon as I reached the steps.
"Hey uh, sorry again, I just-" And then I saw his face. Broad frame, cool, hazel-green eyes, and perfectly structured. "K- Kendall Schmidt?"
"Uh yeah, that's me!" Kendall smiled. He looked down at my bag. "You left that?"
"Huh? Oh! Uh... Yes. I did. I left it. Right here." I pointed down at the seat next to me. "Oh! Well, not here here, but you know, over there here." He gave me a confused look. I shook my head. "Sorry, I just... I'm a big fan!"
He grinned. "Thank you! And you are?"
"... A big fan..?"
He gave me another confused look.
"Oh!" Then I realized what he meant. "Um... You meant who am I like... My name... Right. Uh, I'm Nayely. Nayely Piers."
"Lovely to meet you, Nayely Piers!" Kendall bowed as if bowing to royalty.
"Oh please, it's me that should be bowing! The pleasure is all mine!" I smiled, doing a small bow. After I rose, my phone started ringing. I pulled it out and saw a call from Jessie. Crap! "Um... Excuse me really quickly." I answered the phone when Kendall nodded. "What's up, Jess?"
"Oh, I don't know, maybe you're taking too long!?"
"What? Oh! Right! I'm sorry! I just... I ran into...." I looked up at Kendall and then put my hand over my phone. "Hey uh... Do you mind meeting my sister for me? I brought her here for her birthday, and she would love to meet you!"