
Why me? That's the one question I ask myself everyday. Why did it happen to me? Why did my life get turned upside down? Why did it have to be my parents?
I was sitting next to my aunt, our feet dangling off the end of the pier as we over looked the ocean. She was the only person I talked to anymore. I try my best to shut everyone out. Everything is just so much easier that way. Whenever someone comes up to me at school the conversation lasts about a minute until they get fed up with my sarcastic remarks and bad attitude. It works pretty well for me.
I haven't had that problem in a while since it was summer vacation, but sadly school started again in two weeks. I was not looking forward to seeing or talking to people. The only reason people even tried to talk to me was to bully me or tease me about my parents. I don't know what their problem was and why they thought it was amusing to tease me about my dead parents but somehow they got a kick out of it. They were all sick and I hated very single one of them.
"Brooke." I hadn't realized my aunt was standing until she said my name. "C'mon. It's 8:30, lets head home." I took one last look at the ocean before standing up and walking down the pier with my aunt. Once we got back to car that was parked on the street I stopped.
"Hey aunt Taylor?" She stopped walking and turned around to face me."Yeah kiddo?" "Do you mind if I just meet you back home? I kinda want to walk along the beach if you don't mind." She smiled at me. She gave me a hug before saying, "Be back before midnight." I smiled and walked back towards the beach.
I walked through the sand for a while before moving to where the water meets the sand. The slightly warm water felt good on my feet. I put one hand in my sweatshirt pocket while the other held my shoes. When I neared the rocks I found myself picking up the pace. I absolutely loved sitting on the rocks and looking at the night sky, especially during the summer.
Thinking about summer ending and school starting soon, I pulled out my phone and texted my aunt.
To: Aunt Taylor<3
Home before 1?:)
From: Aunt Taylor<3
Fine...don't get into trouble;)
I smiled. Like I would get into trouble. I started thinking back to what I did all summer. I realized I didn't do much. I went out to dinner with my aunt a couple of times. I had a summer job at a restaurant near the beach as a waitress. I bought a camera called myself a photographer. I actually wasn't bad and the picture that came out good I would print out and hang them somewhere in my room.
I had also taken an interest in sketching. Like photography, it became a hobby. I started taking my sketch book to the beach and I would sketch anything that came to mind. I was quite good at it and wondered why I had never tried it before.
I wasn't excited for school like most teenagers were. Everyone was excited to be reunited with all of their friends. Me on the other hand didn't have any friends to reunite with. I could make friends if I really tried but honestly I didn't really want any.
If people really got to know me, two things could happen:
1) They love me and we become best friends.2) They don't give a shit about me and then make fun of me for my problems.
I'm too scared of the second one happening I don't bother in trying to make friends. Blocking everyone works the best for me. Little did I know, senior year was going to be different, just because of one boy:
Dylan Harper.