
#Wefa Pov.
'RINGGGGGGGG!!!!'
I wake up looking at the alarm showing 6:30 in the moring.
as usual, i get up doing my girl thing and get ready for school at 8
As i have done with my stuff, i head down as i see my mom cooking pancakes for breakfast at the kitchen
"Morning hun" her mom said as she kiss me on my forehead.
"Morning mom" as i take the pancake using a plate on the food counter. Then i headed to dining table as i saw dad reading his newspapers and my older brother stuffing his mouth with all the foods he see on the dining table
I sat down and literally play with the food and looking at the window infront of me. Somehow i remember that...
Flashback~~~
"We're over wefa. I don't love you anymore! I found a new girl who gave me what i needed. Not you!!" Said Ron (my boyfriend)
"AHAHAH what are you talking oppa? Its not an April fools yet" i said as i laugh hugging him
"All Ron has said is right. I'm his new girlfriend" a girl said as she glared and standing infront of me.
" w__whhat " i flustered holding tears form dropping.
End of flashback~~~
#Dad's Pov
"WEFAAAAAAAAA!!"
Wefa is playing with the food and bitting her lower lip with a red eye.
" uh uh emmm yes dad?""I've been calling you 10 times! You haven't eat your breakast""Uh sorry dad" wefa said as she realised that she has been poking the pancake"Having fun wefa??" wefa's brother, wan said as he look at her with the smirk on his face.
#Wefa Pov
I  glared at wan and showing a fist heading towards his face. And he cross his face with his arms. Dayummm he's fast.
"Uhh i gotta go mum and dad" i said as i rush picking up my bag and ran towards the door." but your pancakes?? " mom at the front door" not hungry " as i kiss her cheaks and wave good bye.
I walk to school since it is just few blocks away which i can go there about 5minutes. I look at the time showing 7:30. It was still early. So i just take a few stroll at the park near my house inhaling the fresh air.
I was so relax walking around the park and listening to "i need u from bts" when suddenly someone called my name
######Hi guys..i'm sorry for the bad chapter. I'm so sorry. Because this is my first time. So bare with me. HEHE. I will make it up to you guys somehow. And sorry again for my broken english
-chimmin10