
Paid for it all, and quickly got my ass out of there.
I guess eating in the bathroom isn't that bad...
Who am I kidding? This is horrendous.
I sighed, taking a bite out of my sandwich.
Suddenly, someone came running in, sobbing.
I threw what was left of my sandwich, and exited the cubicle.
The cubicle door slammed, locking it almost immediately. I approached it carefully, curious. but also worried.
"Who's there?" I called out, knocking on the door.
"Go away, I want to be alone." She muttered, sniffling.
"I won't hurt you, I promise. Now, let me in, please." I begged, I hated seeing people unhappy.
I heard her sigh, as she unlocked the door.
I immediately picked her up from the floor, and hugged her. She froze, not knowing what to do. After one or two minutes, she started crying again.
"Hey, stop crying. Nobody wants to see a pretty girl cry." I joked, patting down her hair.
She calmed down after awhile, and I let go of her.
"What happened? If it's personal, you don't have to tell me anything, I won't force you to." I asked, looking at her worriedly.
"My boyfriend cheated on me." She replied, tearing up again.
"No, don't cry, damn it." I scowled, handing her a tissue.
She chuckled, "Sorry, can't help it."
"I think it's dumb to cry over someone who hurt you. It's dumb because you let them affect you, when you shouldn't even be affected at all. Why? Because you can do so much better than him."
"You're right, but I genuinely thought that he loved me, and he wouldn't hurt me." She sighed, looking away.
"Is this the first time?"
"Sadly, it's not."
"Well then, go out there and give him hell. He doesn't deserve another chance, if he said sorry, he should've meant it."
She nodded, standing up.
"Thank you, I'm Emily Moore." She smiled, stretching her hand out to help me up.
"I'm Victoria Quinn." I smiled back, grabbing her hand.
"Nice to meet you. But let's push that aside, I got something that I've always wanted to do." She smirked, rubbing away her mascara stains.
We walked out together, side by side, to face her "boyfriend".
Without warning, she slapped him across the face, and yelled, "Burn in hell, bitch! We're over!"
After that, she just walked away, with her head held up high.
I ran after her, grinning like crazy.
"Even though we just met, I feel like we're gonna be best friends." I laughed.
"Hell yeah! That felt AMAZING." She giggled, but frowned slightly.
"What's wrong?" I asked, brow furrowing in confusion.
"I think I slapped him too hard, now my hand hurts." She playfully whined, cradling her arm.
I laughed out loud, as she joined along.