
I found myself trapped in the crowd of teenagers with the overwhelming smell of cheap perfume and smelly gym socks, as I struggled to squeeze through to get to my next class.
"Where do you think you're going, nerd?" A girl's voice called out, pulling the back of my shirt roughly.
Right, you probably don't even know who I am. I'm Victoria Quinn, also known as the nerd in Belbrook Highschool. I have mahogany chestnut hair that is always in a messy bun, baby blue eyes that stand out the most, and I'm 5'6 in height. Also, I'm not the kind of nerd you'd see in movies, I'm a normal girl, but just like in the movies, nobody likes the smart ones.
Now, where was I? Right, in school.
I knew whose voice that was, and I absolutely hated the sound of it.
I turned to face her, and she stood there with an ugly smirk on her make up caked face.
"What?" I snapped unintentionally, staring straight into her hazel eyes.
She just stood there, not saying a word.
I rolled my eyes, turning my heels and stormed off.
I quickly got into first period, English.
"Good morning, Victoria." Miss Taylor greeted with a smile.
"Good morning." I smiled, heading towards my seat; which was right at the front.
As soon as the bell rang, all the students started to stream in.
"Alright class, we have a new student, please welcome him with open arms." She grinned, signalling for the new student to come front and introduce himself.
"Um, I'm Ethan Williams, and I basically have nothing to say..." He chuckled awkwardly, fidgeting with the ring on his index finger.
He was undeniably good looking, I bet he made the girls' hearts stop. His dark chestnut hair was long, but it stopped right at his eyebrows. His eyes were absolutely captivating, they were a cognac color. He was dressed in a white dress shirt, with black jeans, and a pair of black sneakers.
Miss Taylor chuckled, muttering to him to take a seat.
My eyes widened, realizing that the only empty seat was beside me.
He must've noticed my expression, because he smirked slightly, approaching the seat beside mine.
"May I?" He asked politely.
I nodded reluctantly.
...
It was halfway through English, and surprisingly, he was actually paying attention.
"Hey, um, do you have an extra pencil? Mine broke." He asked, smiling sheepishly.
I passed him my pencil, "Next time, be prepared."
"I will, don't worry."
...
(Lunch)
I was pretty much done with half of the day in school, and now was lunch.
Hurray for food, but boo for bad company.
Typically, I didn't have friends.
Why?
Simple, they didn't like being bullied for being friends with me, so they all left. One, by one.
I was in line to buy my meal, and then get the hell out of this place.
I chose a chicken sandwich, along with a can of soda.