
I told myself again and again that my feelings for Sarah was just some silly girl crush, but I had only been lying to myself.
(Sarah's POV)
I lay in bed staring at the roof. The girl I had been in love with for years was getting married in a few days. I was a bridesmaid, how the fuck was I supposed to stand smiling pretending I was happy for her when I wanted to be the one in a wedding dress sharing the day with her.
Over the years, Lily and I had shared drunken kisses and flirted with each other on set. Everyone else just saw it as us goofing around, but really every stare, touch and moment meant everything to me. I had to come to terms with the fact Lily was straight and would never consider me as anything more than a friend. I tell myself over and over that she's in love with Hamish, but the wedding and seeing the woman I love marry someone else, was going to cause me the greatest heartbreak I'd ever been through.
(Lily's POV)
"Just come with me, call off the wedding, be with me Lil, we're meant for eachother! You know it and I know it!" Sarah pleads to me minutes before the wedding, with tears running down her face."I can't hurt him Sarah, I can't do it! I love him and I love you. But I can't, nothing can change my mind.." I say sadly wiping Sarah's eyes.
"Then maybe this will!" Sarah says pinning me against the wall and kissing me deeply. I wanted so badly to push her off but I couldn't, I wanted the kiss more and I wanted Sarah.
"Marry ME Lily! Be with ME! I know you want it as much as I do, let's do this, me and you together baby!" Sarah says holding my hands close to her heart. "I-I c-can't, Sari, I'm sorry..." My eyes fill with tears.
"Then I can't spend this day with you. I'm sorry Lil. I can't watch you give your life to someone else when it's supposed to be me and you, always. Goodbye Lil." Sarah says sobbing as she pressed her lips against mine one last time. Tears falling uncontrollably from my eyes.
I wake up gasping for air. "You okay, babe?" Hamish says with a sweet smile."Yeah, baby. I'm fine, just a bad dream, that's all!" I smile weakly, unable to make eye contact with him. "Good, as long as you're alright. Come downstairs when your ready. I've made you breakfast." He says before leaving the room.
I fling back into bed sighing. Why. He was so sweet and kind. I can't hurt him. But then it wouldn't be right to go through with the wedding when I loved Sarah, right?