
(Lily's POV)
Aren't weddings supposed to make your stomach erupt with butterflies and seeing all the beautiful decorations make you so excited you can't wait any longer for the big day? Why wasn't I feeling that? My wedding was in two days and I was dreading it more than anything, I had cold feet, something wasn't right. This wasn't the right thing and I knew I had to stop it.
I don't want to hurt Hamish but it'd be hurting him more going through with this when my feelings were all in my head. I loved him, I was in love with him, well in my head I thought I was. But someone else had stole my heart.
I lay tossing and turning in bed as Hamish lays soundly next to me. Thinking back to the first time Sarah and I properly became really close friends when were together on the set of Asylum.
*Flashback*
"Whistle for the hot nun!" Sarah yells jokingly to all the cast as I walk through in my habit. "Shut up, Paulson!" I giggle covering my reddened cheeks. "No but really, you look great!" She says with a smile as all the cast nod in agreement.
Later I sit alone in my trailer scrolling through my Twitter newsfeed. I get interrupted by a knock at the door of my trailer, followed by Sarah who comes in with a smile."Yoooo Rabey!!" Sarah says in a gangster voice. "Hey! How was your scene?" I giggle.
"It was actually really difficult, you know, having to do all that body movements pretending I was actually being shocked in therapy. It was so difficult. All the other guys are heading to the bar just around the corner, you going with them?" Sarah smiles sitting next to me. "Naaa, I told Zach I'd come another time. Not really feeling up for it tonight. Are you going?" I say turning to face Sarah.
"Nope, I'm just gonna head back to my apartment and chill with a bottle of wine and some movies. Hey, you wanna come? You can spend the night of you want and we can drive to set together in the morning!" Sarah says getting up and grabbing her car keys."Yeah, sure! That'd be great!" I smile.
Sarah and I sit on the sofa with our glasses of wine after finishing our Chinese take out. "That was soooo good!" Sarah says rubbing her stomach. "Sure was! Was yummy!" I giggle.
We'd finished watching a few movies, one of my favourite horrors 'The Shining' and we watched 'I Can't Think Straight' which was actually a really good, romantic movie. "Could you imagine falling in love with someone else days before your wedding?" Sarah giggles, looking at me with drunken eyes.
"I know, what would you do if that happened to you?" I say laughing. "I'd call off the wedding and be with the person I'd recently fallen in love with. Because, if I was really truly in love with my fiancé, I would've never even considered my feelings for the other person." Sarah says running her finger around the rim of her glass.
Both pretty drunk, Sarah and I lay in bed. Sarah reaches over me to turn off the light beside me. I stare at her plump, pink lips as she bites on her bottom lip focusing on trying to find the light switch."You managing there?" I giggle as Sarah hovers over me. "Yup! I got it!" Sarah yells clicking the switch.
Sarah looks down at me as her big brown eyes lock with mine, the room lit by the moonlight. My heart was racing so fast. Sarah leans down and plants her soft lips on mine, then pulls back a few seconds later."Oh my god, Lil, I'm sorry I didn't m-" Sarah tries to explain before I cut her off."No, do it again.." I say pulling Sarah closer to me for a passionate kiss.
*Flashback Ends*
I remember every detail of that night. It was my first experience with another, although we only spend the night kissing. It was so beautifully intense. It wasn't long after then I started dating Hamish. Sarah and I didn't talk about that night again, we just agreed it was a drunken kiss that meant nothing. But although it happened a few years ago, I still always thought about it.