
Veronica smiled and leaned back a bit against another branch. "So tell me David, are you not talking to me because you're shy or just to tease me?" she asked and smiled. I laughed silently and shook my head. I thought and pointed at my mouth and shook my head. Veronica's eyes widened and she tilted her head again. "You can't talk?" I shook my head no and smiled. "Shit bro, sorry! Um, do you know sign language?" she asked. I nodded, relief building in my chest. Yeah, I do, I didn't think you knew it though so that's why I didn't use the technique. She stared at my hands intently before looking at me. "Well, we have a class in school that teaches sign language and I'm taking it right now so I know most and I'm still learning." Veronica shrugged. Sweet, what school do you go to? I had been told that tomorrow I'd be attending Weston High tomorrow, so if this chick was there, it would sure make school a bit easier so the only person I knew wouldn't just be Wesley. "Weston High, what about you?" she smiled. Same, but I just moved here so tomorrow would be my first day. I shrugged like it was no big deal but to be honest I was a bit nervous. Veronica raised a brow. "New? That explains why I haven't seen you around, everyone kinda knows everyone in this town. So you're the outsider." she winked. Is that a good thing? I asked raising a brow. Veronica laughed and nodded. "Exceptionally. Nothing happens much in this town. So, I assume everyone will want to get to know you. Especially the gals." she rolled her eyes. What do you mean? I asked. Veronica raised a brow. "Dude, don't take this the wrong way, cause I'm into chicks, but you're pretty hot." She laughed. Hot? I was hot? I mean I guess I was decent but hot is a bit of a strong word no? I went over my features trying to see her point of view; I had thick dark golden-brown wavy hair that kinda had a mind of its own and could only be tamed with a beanie, blue eyes, and light skin. Kelly told me my dimples were adorable but aren't dimples adorable on anyone? "They'll be all over you."
Dude. That's awful. I hate attention. I sighed, and kicked my feet around. "Oh, that's okay. I'll be your security guard then, plus that means more chicks for me." Veronice winked and giggled satisfied. I chuckled, the sound like a whisper, and shook my head. Whatever floats your boat, dork. I smirked. "Whatever." Veronica smiled and jumped off from the branch, landing swiftly on her feet. "Its probably gonna rain soon, want to hang at my place?" She asked. I thought about it, nearly saying yes before remembering Mrs. Hart. Can't, I'd have to tell Mrs. Hart and I don't got a cell on me. Or know her number...Veronica thought for a moment. "Can I hang at your place?" I thought about it, Mrs. Hart didn't seem like she would mind, and if she did I would apologize. Sure. I signed as I jumped out of the tree landing swiftly on my feet before grabbing my satchel. Let's go.