
It was at least 2 AM and I couldn't sleep. I was stuck staring at the ceiling, listening to the sound of crickets buzzing and a guitar strumming? I sat up as I listened to the sweet sound, and then came a voice.
As we wake up in your room,
Your face is the first thing I see
The first time I've seen love, and the last I'll ever need.
You remind her that your future would be nothing without her.
Never lose her, I'm afraid,
Better think of something good to say.
But it's all been done, more than once so I'll keep on trying,
Oh god don't let me be the only one who says,
"No!" at the top of our lungs, "there's no, no such thing as too young!"
When second chances won't leave you alone
Then there's faith in love.
I listened to Wes play and sing the song and hated how good it sounded. Especially how he could sing. I had loved Pierce the Veil, and here he was singing it when I couldn't so much as say the name of the song. I sighed and listened to the music and immediately fell in love with his voice and guitar. He can play and sing, that's for sure. I leaned into the pillow and waited for sleep to come.
I woke up a little later, around 6 in the morning since I was an early riser. I opened the door and found that Wes and his mother were asleep. I smiled and went back inside my room changing out of what I had worn for bed and into a blue sweater, dark jeans, black converse and my good old gray beanie. I took a piece of paper from my journal and wrote.
Left to look around I won't take long, if I find a park I'm staying though ~ D
I placed the note on my bed and stepped outside the room, my journal tucked away in a satchel I brought along with my carry on and headed to the kitchen. Though the place was still foreign to me, I went to the fridge pulled out and apple and headed towards the door when I heard the sound of someone stepping towards me. I hesitantly turned hoping to see Mrs. Hart but instead saw her son. Wes's brown-blond hair was everywhere now in a way that would probably have girls swooning over, and his different colored eyes were set on me. "Why are you up so early?" he asked me. I tucked the apple into the satchel and looked at him. Why are you? I asked him and then crossed my arms over my chest. "Heard your loud ass wake up." He yawned out stretching, letting his muscles flex. I rolled my eyes. If he wants to impress me, it not working. If he wants to intimidate...maybe. Pardon me then sleeping asshat for waking you up from your slumber. I glared and headed for the door. "Hey, that's sleeping beauty to you, Mr. Sunshine." Wes snapped and ran a hand through his hair. I left the house, slamming the door so that Mrs. Hart would wake up and Wes would get in trouble. Who was he to be so rude? God, honestly I could just strangle him!
I had been walking for a few minutes when I came across a park. I smiled and walked through the wet ground and went up to a tree. Great oak. I quickly climbed the tree and sat on one of the branches, pulling out the journal from my satchel and began writing some notes. I wasn't sure if all composers could do this, but I didn't exactly need to hear the piano to make a piece. I just wrote what made sense in my head and when I played it, it usually always came out beautiful.
After maybe 20 minutes of writing, I felt a tap at my shoulder. I jumped, nearly falling off the tree, and turned to see a girl. She looked my age, if not a year younger, she had brown hair which had a red flower pin in it, green eyes, and a perky smile. She wore a rust colored jacket, a white tee and dark jeans. She looked so much like Kelly. The girl giggled and sat on a branch close to me. "Sorry I didn't mean to scare ya." she apologized. I nodded and quickly closed my journal. The girl rolled her eyes. "I already saw that it was music so I don't know why you're being so panicky." She smiled. Fucking dammit...how was I supposed to talk? I highly doubted she knew sign language, it wasn't common was it? I just shrugged and sat quietly. "So what's your name stranger?" The girl asked. I pursed my lips and looked at her, hoping she'd somehow understand. Her eyebrows pulled together and she tilted her head. "Cat got your tongue?" she asked. I thought about it. I held out my hand making a gesture that meant kinda. The girl nodded, understanding and then looked at me thoughtfully. "Hmm...can I try to guess it then?" she asked. I lightly smiled and nodded. She seemed to brighten seeing that we were somewhat talking. "Hmm.....Riley?" she guessed. I blew a raspberry in disgust and shook my head. The girl laughed. "Okay, not Riley. Um...what's it start with?" she asked. I thought and decided to draw the letter D in the air with my index finger. "D?" I nodded. "Hmm...Daniel? Diego? David?" she guessed. I held out three fingers and nodded, smiling. "David?" the girl smiled. I nodded back and lightly smiled. "Well David, I'm Veronica." the girl smiled and held out her hand. I smiled and took her hand shaking it.