
~
The drive was long, but that was my own fault. I had a thing against airplanes, so from Pheonix, we're driving to Washington. I did research on the place and all I knew was that it was cold and rained a lot. So I had to actually buy some clothes and limit what I kept from my daily wear.
After about a day of driving we reached Washington. It was raining and I liked the view. It hardly rained in Arizona so to see this, it was nice. Forested grounds covered most the area and again, the view was nice. Mrs. Hart pulled up into a small neighborhood that had two story houses, we passed by a house with a wooden swing on a tree and that's the house we pulled up at. Mrs. Hart pulled out her phone and seemed to be texting someone. "There. Wes, should be down any second now." she smiled. Sure enough, at that moment the door swung open and out came a boy. He seemed my age, a bit taller maybe. He had dark ash-blonde hair tousled in a bedhead of sorts, and a lean built. I only knew this because he wasn't wearing a shirt. "Wesley Hart, you are going to get pneumonia!" his mother scolded as she got out of the car and into the pouring rain. "Well I was about to take a shower when you texted so I just pulled on shorts." he said as he opened the back of the car, rain sprinkling my back. I decided to get up and wrap the blanket I had been using around the keyboard before getting out of the car. We headed to the door and waited for Mrs. Hart to open the door. "Wes, this is David. He'll be staying with us till he graduates." she said as she jiggled the key in the hole, clear it had gotten jammed. I looked up at Wes slowly and lightly smiled. He gazed at me intently, which was when I noticed, his right eye was a golden-brown while his other eye was a dark brown. He seemed to have noticed me staring and looked at the ground. The door burst open finally, letting us come in and out of the rain, though we were all soaked in it. Mrs. Hart set down her keys on the coffee table and looked at Wes and I. "Okay, Wes show David his room and take the shower quickly, we don't want him getting sick." she smiled at me. I gave her a crooked smile before looking at Wes. He rolled his eyes and avoided my gaze and motioned for me to follow him which I did. We went up the stairs, and into a room at the end of the hall. He kicked open the door with his foot and entered. The room was simple. White walls, wooden floors, purple curtains and matching rug. It was simple, but I liked it. It felt warm. "This would be your room," Wes said as he set down the bags. "I'm next door, so don't bother me for shit unless someone's dying. Bathrooms down the hall, and is the only door that has a decoration on it." he gestured to the door at the end of the hall that had a red anchor nailed there. He looked at me raising a brow. "We're good?" he asked, his facial expression a bit rude and his tone menacing. Perfectly. I nodded. He gave me a hard stare before turning to leave for the shower. I looked around the room and began unpacking, the clothes went into the dresser quickly, the piano set up in the corner by the window, and the notebook which was where I wrote my compositions and songs, went under my pillow. Hopefully no one decided to look through things. I picked out a gray sweater and basketball shorts since it was pretty warm inside and set them on the bed, waiting for Wes to finish with his shower.