
I felt a bit tired as I waited for the Hart's to arrive and sat in the living room tired as Hell with Kelly by my side, having argued with me saying she wanted to be the last one to see me when I left. I loved the kid honestly but I didn't want her up at this hour. It was 4 am for fucks sake. So to get to the point, shit happened when I was younger and I got put in a foster home. I was being moved to another foster home, but it'll be my last since I'm already 16 and just after 18 I'm free to go wherever I wanted.I turned my head to see if she was awake or not. She was slowly drifting, she would have her eyes open and they'd slowly close before snapping wide open again. I smiled at the effort but in the end tapped her shoulder. She slowly turned to me and gave me a lazy smile. "Yeah David?" Kid, you look like Hell, go to sleep Kell. I signed out. I hadn't so much as uttered a word since the incident so if you were to know me, you have to know or learn sign language or be fantastic at charades. She looked at my hands paying close attention before speaking. "Noooo....I want to be the last one to see you goo....." her tired 9 year old voice drawled out, making it obvious she was tired. I sighed and facepalmed.Kelly. Sleep. You look like you're about to pass out."I'm noooottt..." she fell asleep on my shoulder. I smiled lightly and let her, I'd wake her when I left so she would be the one to say bye. "Hey....I'm going to miss you, Dave......" she said slowly and very tired. I tapped her shoulder so she'd look at me. Hey what have I taught you?She smiled lightly and sighed out "no chickflick moments..." I smiled. Exactly. Truth be told, in was going to miss her too. She was that one ray of sunshine peeking through the clouds on a dark day.
The knock on the door came, leaving Kelly to wake up abruptly and hold onto me tightly. I hugged her tightly back and pecked her forehead before getting up. I smiled sadly and ruffled her hair. Hey, it'll be alright kid, I promise. She slowly nodded and struggled a smile as a tear rolled down. I pursed my lips feeling bad. Hey, why don't you help put my stuff in the car? I asked, hoping to brighten her mood. It worked, and she was up reaching for my keyboard. I quickly tapped her shoulder rapidly. Kelly turned to me confused. "What?" Kelly, I love you kid, but no one touches the keyboard... I signed out now relieved that my keyboard remained untouched. "Oh, right! Okay I'll get your bags then." she smiled and got my two duffel bags. I smiled lightly and grabbed my keyboard. It wasn't much, two bags filled with clothes and my journal which was filled with compositions, and this keyboard  was all I had as carry on but it was enough to keep me whole.
Mrs. Hart stood at the door, smiling. She looked like she was in her early thirties since she was really pretty, but I knew from information that she was 38. Her brown hair was long and curly, and though it was dark, I could see her eyes were blue. "David?" she smiled at me. I nodded. "Oh is that a keyboard?" she asked smiling. I nodded and since I had been told the Hart's knew sign language, carefully set my keyboard against me and signed. Yeah, I really love piano, I hope you don't mind. She laughed and shook her head. "My son loves guitar, so I assume you two will get along just fine!" she smiled. I guess. I lightly smiled. Kelly then "coughed" rather rudely. Hey Kells, chill! I signed out. She blew a raspberry and went to put the duffel bags in the back of the car. Mrs. Hart turned to me. "I take it, she doesn't want you to leave?" she kindly smiled. Nope. She stayed up just to be the last one to see me go. I smiled rolling my eyes. She laughed, "Well kids are kids I guess." she smiled. I lightly smiled back and picked up my keyboard as Kelly came back.
I smiled at her and she quickly smiled back before turning to Mrs. Hart. "You better take care of him Missy." she said as she pointed a finger at her. "He's like my only best friend, and I'm leaving him with you and your family, so if I hear he's been hurt, you'll be sorry." she narrowed her eyes. Mrs Hart smiled amused before holding out her pinky. "I promise to take care of your best friend on my life; scouts honor." she said. Kelly hesitantly stook out her own pinky and promised with Mrs. Hart. I rolled my eyes before again carefully setting my keyboard down. Kell, chill. I'll be fine okay? I smiled. She nodded and hugged me tightly. I slowly hugged her back and then let go. I have to go, be a good little dork now, okay? Remember, shoot first, ask later okay? With everything, alright? I smiled. She nodded her head. I smiled and ruffled her hair again. Good, now get to bed kid. I smiled and pecked her forehead. She sadly smiled before hugging me again and then rushing inside. Mrs. Hart smiled. "Ready dear?" I nodded and smiled sadly. As I'll ever be.