
~
"Oh already got yourself a girlfriend? Smooth man." Wes said as we entered the house. Veronica rolled her eyes. "Why would he date a lesbian?" she snapped. Wes shrugged his shoulders. "People have interesting tastes." he simply said before flashing a smile. Firstly, Sir Dipshit, I just met her at the park and thought it be nice to have a friend over, since you're an asshole. Wes raised a brow and laughed. "Gosh, is someone on their period? So bitchy this early in the morning." he sighed shaking his head. "What are you doing here anyway, Wesley?" Veronica snapped. "I happen to live here," Wes said not moving his gaze from me. I didnt like how he was staring at me. It was a confused and hate filled face. It didn't help that his eyes were focused on mine and I was forced to stare into his beautiful paradoxes. I hated the guy honestly but his eyes, God they were something. We kept our stare, both refusing to be the first to turn away. Fortunately, I had practice from my last school so Wes was the first to turn his gaze, to Veronica, but that was enough. I smirked satisfied. I only just realized Veronica was staring at me confused. "You're brothers?" she asked me. Not technically. His mother and he would be my foster family. I barely smiled and stuck my hands into my pockets. Wes got up abruptly and headed to his room, and harshly slammed the door. Veronica stood there with her brows lightly raised. "Clearly you both are just the best of friends..." I sighed. So, you know Wes? She laughed. "Everyone knows Wes; he's Weston's number one bad boy/fuck boy. Kinda sucks that you live with him." I shrugged and headed to my room, Veronica tagging along. I opened my door and sat on the bed, as Veronica looked around the room. Its not much I know, but I just got here yesterday and I don't need much. I sighed lightly smiling and placed my satchel on the bed. "No, I like your room, it's simple and not all crowded with things." she smiled. "Didn't know you liked purple though." she giggled out. Hey. Purple is cool. That's a manly color right there. I signed in my defense. Veronica laughed. "Okay, purple is cool." she laughed out and went to the piano. "Is this why you were writing music?" she asked me. Um...yeah, you're like the first person to have ever seen me writing so be happy. I looked at my converse once I was done and pursed my lips. Please don't ask me to play...please don't..."Can you play well?" She carefully examined the keys seeming to be counting them as her fingers went over them but not touching them. I've been told I do. I signed hesitantly. "Can you play?" Veronica asked. Fucking dammit... I don't want to bore you...you just got here! I laughed nervously. "Pleeease." she pleaded giving me puppy dog eyes. In that moment I thought of Kelly, her identical puppy eyes, and pouting bottom lip. I couldn't say no. I hesitantly stood up and went to the piano, flipping the switch on. I let my hands stand above the keys for a moment in an attempt to calm my nerves and then played. It was a piece I had written, one of my firsts, and it was one I could probably play in my sleep. When I had originally written it, it had been the first time I cried in a long time because the song was so happy and sad at the same time that it reminded me of why I even ended up in the foster home...it's not a fun subject.
The music came out beautifully as my fingers  went swiftly across the keys. It had gotten into the more dramatic part, the sadder one as well, and I flinched having heard the sound of breath hitch. I immediately stopped and turned to Veronica who was tearing up. Oh shit, are you okay? I panicked. "Yeah I'm fine, it's just...so beautiful. Did you write that?" she asked. I slowly nodded. Yeah...it was one if my first pieces. Veronica stared at me with wide eyes. "Dude, you could get into Juilliard with that!" she squealed as she wiped a tear away. I flinched. Since I first touched the keys when I was 8, I wanted to go to Juilliard, I just didn't think I'd make it in. Really? My eyes slowly widened as I waited for her answer. She quickly nodded her head smiling. I sheepishly rubbed the back of my neck and smiled at her. Thanks, Vera, is it fine if I call you that? She giggled and nodded. "Of course! No one's ever given me a nickname." she smiled. I smiled back. We stayed like that for a while until Vera had to go. She quickly wrote on my hand with a pen her number and smiled. "Just in case you ever get  phone, text me, yeah? Even if it's 3 a.m."  I nodded and smiled, rolling my eyes. I'll be fine dork, calm down. She laughed and punched my shoulder playfully before heading out. "See ya!" she said and headed out.