
The Therapy Job
"You have no right to do that!" I shout at my cynical mother.
Sorry, let me rewind to what the hell is going on. First things first, my name is Audrey Star, I'm seventeen years old, future senior year student, and the best yet worst things come last; I couldn't wait until my summer activities with my friends from school, until coming home from school and my mom tells me the "good" news.
Good news my ass!
Now, you're probably wondering what the fuck am I talking about? Right? Well, you see, my cryptic mother, who's been acting odd these past few weeks may I add, signed me up for the summer job as a Therapist at her friend's business stupid thingies for dumb people and didn't tell me until the very last minute.
Starts in seven days, by the way.
She thinks I'm going to waste my summer days lounging in the living room infront of the television munching on popcorn and stuffing candies down my throat.
Okay, I'm not that boring.
I was going to spend my summer going camping, spending my days at the beach, and shopping all day everyday. And obviously much more. Again, I'm not that boring!
But instead, she went against my ideas and booked me a stupid ass lame job that stupid ass lame people do.
You're probably taking me as a stuck up brat? Am I right? Well, when your summer life is ruined, you have every right to be angry and frustrated. And don't forget, stuc-
"Are you even listening to me?" My mother says irritated, interrupting my ranting thoughts.
"Of course I am. You think this lame job is going to be good for me!" I tell her, crossing my arms and leaning against the nearest wall.
"Don't you talk to me like that with that tone, young lady." She glares, pointing her manicured finger at me at a safe distance.
"Ugh, can't you ever let me do whatever I want to do for once? You're always controlling my life and my being." I shout, frustrated, stomping my foot childishly.
"You are still young! I can not let you wonder about wherever you like." She argues, giving me a stern look.
"I'm seventeen, for goodness sakes." I argue back, throwing my arms in the air.
"It's a good job and pays well." She tells me, toning her tone down.
"Sitting in one place and listening to peoples problems is not a good job. It's boring, crap, and utterly pointless." I tell her, scowling at her.
She sighs, closing her eyes and rubbing her temples.
"Forget this argument. You're going to that job place in less that seven days whether you like it or not so no point arguing about it. Just go to your room, calm down, and think through this." She says, shooing me away with her hands.
I glare at her one last time before stomping up the stairs and storming into my room. I fall on my bed face-first and groaned in the sheets.
"My life is over!" I scream in the brightly colored sheets, which comes out muffled. Groaning, I turn to my back and turned my phone on, scrolling down my contact list.
Wow, I'm so popular! Not
I click on my best friend's name and number and pressed the phone against my ear. Three rings later, she picks up and shouts a cheerful 'hello'.
"Hello to you too." I say, dulling my words and rubbing my weary eyes.