
(hey, this is fairly long so ok cool)

Pete's POV
I'm worried about Soph. She was trying so hard to smile earlier, I can tell a fake smile when I see one, especially when it's someone I care about so much. She's lost a lot of weight in too much of a short space of time. There's something else as well, I just hope I'm wrong.
Meagan was driving the car, Saint's car seat was in the front so me and Soph sat in the back. I was using this time to hopefully disprove my theory. During the first few minutes of the drive Meagan and Soph made small talk but that very quickly died down to silence. Sophie stared blankly out of the window and I watched her.

Sophie's POV
How the fuck am I going to get away with not eating too much this meal?

Pete's POV
I glanced at her wrist, covered in wristbands. There was something not right about it. I have my suspicions, I just really hope I'm wrong.
A couple of minutes passed and I was still watching her. As her older brother I feel obliged to protect her from every dark corner of the world and that's exactly what I intend to do. Always.
When we eventually pulled up to the pizza place I was so excited I squealed. Man I can't help it. I fuuckkiinngg loVE pizza. Peteza! Hahahahah. Another good thing about this place is that it's so hidden, there's never any crazy cameramen here. I practically jump out the car, and Meagan is already round at the passenger side sorting out Saint. She's so wonderful, I often wonder how I managed to get myself with someone so perfect. I love her, so much.
Why was Soph so reluctant to get out of the car? "Come onnnnn Sophlessss." She never really liked this nickname, I used it as a joke sometimes, not much though. I usually stuck to Soap or Soph."Don't call me that." She barely mumbled it. Something was wrong with her, I know that. Usually when I call her Sophles she snaps at me, this mumble was barely audible.
I let Meagan walk ahead with Saint and hang behind a bit with Sophie. "Sophie are you okay?" Maybe if I used her full name she'd understand I was being serious. Maybe."Yeah why wouldn't I be?" She definitely sounded like she was lying. But who am I to accuse her of lying.

Sophie's POV
Why did Pete ask if I was okay? And why did he call me Sophie? He never does that.

Pete's POV
The waitress seated us at a table and handed us menus and I drooled over the choices. However I quickly decided on pepperoni because you know, you can't beat a classic pepperoni.  I looked to the side of me at Meagan who was looking contently through the menu. Then I looked at Soph who looked different. Almost nervous. I also noticed how she had turned the menu over from the pizza and was looking at the salads.
"What are you having Soph?" I prompted the question.
"Huh o-oh, um probably the classic salad. It, um, looks nice." She stuttered a reply.
"Damn girl this is a pizza restaurant, you can't have salad!" Thank you Meagan!
"I'm gonna quickly nip to the ladies while you decide which pIZZA you want!" She put the emphasis on pizza, just to be clear. I loved how much Meagan cared about Soph, the two most important women in my life.
"MJ's right, you gotta have a pizza, Soap!" She looked down at the floor.