
Michael laughed, when he laughed it was dark and booming enough to give you chills. He looked pretty scary too, he had pale skin with faded scars everywhere and his clothes were all black and torn and ripped with holes. Today was one of his good days, usually he's covered in blood. He is a very angry person and just escaped an asylum, but they'll never find him for all the media and police know now he's already dead somewhere. When he turned on his tv the screen lit up with the news "the Search for the wanted Criminal and mentally unstable break away patient Michael Clifford is over, the authorities assume he is dead by now! But if you have any information contact the police immediately" Michael shut the screen off, a dark smirk covered his face "good" was all he said before he took off to find another victim, a victim he would cut and slice open letting the blood pour and the scream emit from the mouth. He loved to hear them scream and cry that was his favorite part! His girlfriends didn't like it but they never said anything. Melanie, that's one of his girlfriends. She likes clowns, she tries to look like one too! She dyed her hair two color and puts on lots of makeup to make herself look clownish, she has racks of baby girl clown dolls lined on her walls. And she has a pair of stiletto heels she loves to wear, she makes her own clothes and modifies her shoes! Instead of a heel there are long sharp pointy knives on the bottoms of her stilettos. She loves Michael a lot and he loves her too, he loves how creepy yet cute she looks. She has an obsession with knives which is another thing Michael adores. But he has a mistress which is marina! Marina is basically like the girl version of Michael just with a stuck in the 80's look about herself. She wears a black heart on her face, to signify her love for satan. She is considered extremely insane, but she loves drugs and good music. She doesn't consider herself insane, only a little off her rocker! She makes her own clothes too, she loves the way Melanie dresses but decided to go for and oldies look. Marina does a lot of heavy drugs, Michael joins her but Melanie stays clear bc she doesn't like getting high. These three together make an unstoppable force if they want something it's as good as already theirs bc they take what they want, do what they want and no one will stop them. That includes taking people and killing them as well, you step on their turf your as good as dead. The legend that is said is: "once you go in your never come out, if u do you become like them! You won't make it out alive that's for sure"
***hey guys, it's Minah :P so hope u guys like the story so far and continue reading and so on! I update every Friday and leave creepy song and pictures along the way to intensify your reading experience XD ok I'm done for now..see you tacos on friday :3**