
Ali's POV:
" Stay for the night,Cause I want you,I can show you what my are     made ofAs I'm dreaming...!!!"
BOOM!!!
"Ugh.... Stupid phone alarm you made me wake up for no reason!" I said with a frown as I though " OH SHIT 1ST DAY OF SCHOOL FUCK !!!"
I jumped over my bed to get to my closet and get my new uniform for the first day of  school.
I just decided not to turn girly at all this year no matter how hard Alexis (best friend since 4th grade) wanted me to turn girly like her.
I put on some cache pants and a forest green polo because that was the school uniform which like the whole school though it was stupid to still ware but oh well. I had a to decided either to ware vans or convers apparently convers won.
I tied my hair in ponytail and having my bangs to the side.
As I walked downstairs I was greeted with a big hug from my mom.
"Ali I can believe it's your first year in middle school."she said very excided.
"I can't believe I still had to go to school." I looked at her dead in the eye.
I didn't even feel like eating breakfest so I just was heading my way to school.
×× at school ××
I guess my homeroom is alright it had some popular kids ,but I mean thank god my friend Paloma (bestfriend since 2nd grade) and I have the same homeroom and out teacher Mr.Mena made us laugh alot.
BEEP... their goes the first bell to go to class. I looked at my schedule " Hmm...thank god I had social study's first. I started walking getting stuck in traffic in the 200 hallway.
Mathew's POV:
Before even the bell ran to go to 1st pd I had to go to the consolers and attendance office with 2 other guys who didn't get their schedule 1 was really tall and thin his name was Dylan. The other guy was pretty tall his name was Daniel but he was a bit darker than me a Dylan and he also looked like he wares mascara ha lol I though to myself.
*time skipped*
BEEP...the bell ran so that we would head to our 1st class Danile has social study's for 1st pd. So Dylan and I walked to our math class togetheir getting stuck in traffic at the 200 hall.
The moment I walked into that class it felt like hell I suck at math and Mis.Painter was so boring.
Ali's POV:
I guess you can say Dr.Mercado was alright he was boring but I mean he dose have like 20 somthings year teaching so you really can't blame him.
"Everyone of you guys would need a notebook 1 blue folder and some paper because you would be taking quizes every Friday of next week." Dr.Mercado said with a smile. We all just started at him like okay and we turned around to get our supplies.
He arranged us by our last names which was kinda cool so I can get away from some people I really did not like at all.
I looked around noticing some of my elementary guy friends I their so I wouldn't be so lonely talking to no one.BEEP... Their goes 2nd pd off to math I guess.