
The sky i feel like, is the one thing i can always count on to be there. Kind of like a security blanket. Now, don't get me wrong, friends and family are true, but there's always a possibility they aren't here forever. But ever since i was a little girl, or on missions for the military, I'd look up and there it was. Now, you might be thinking, what about the ground? Nope. One word. Earthquakes.
"Ember, are you listening to me?"Bree sighs. I sit up from the ledge we sit on everyday after high school in the front and look her straight in the eyes. "Yes and no."
Bree is the third best thing that has happened to me. After moving here from a military base in denver colorado i had never been to regular school. And the fact was, i was scary. Scary as in, i could bring any and every person in this blasted place to their knees in two seconds flat.
Boys despised me, girls avoided me and teachers...well i don't know about them but i think they just hope i don't cause trouble. But i was no such thing.Bree was...something else. Everyone else bored her and everything that was scary excited her. That pretty much sums her up.
My first days were rough i have to admit. I sat alone at lunch..pretty much everywhere. But then this girl Bree came right up to me and sat down. And i knew she wasn't planning on moving..and for some reason it gave me hope. Its not always easy to be alone, know what i mean?
And i wasn't alone, i had my prompt father, my now unsick mother, my crazy 2yr old brother and..i had Chance. My buddie since..before...we'll get back to that. Chance and i have been through everything together and thats saying something. Every mission we were inseparable. I knew him like the back of my hand and he always had my back and i his.
Bree stared up at me, i was only two inches taller but she most definitely has a bigger mouth than i. But she read loud and clear there was something else going on in my head. That's why i love her, she gets me.
"What is it Ember?" She knows it's important.
It's my turn to sigh. "Remember that concert i told you about?" I pause before going on. "My cousin Lizette wants me to go more than anything for her birthday. .."
"No.way!" She squeals. "Ember Alamida at a Noah Hunter concert!??? Call the press! This has to be a first!" Ahh i knew she would do this, thats why i waited to tell her last minute.
"No, but seriously, why would you torture yourself like that? I mean, come on! Doesn't Lizette know how much you hate him?"
My shoulders are taut and i raise my chin, causing Bree to sit up straighter to look me in the eyes.
"No, Bree, i actually don't hate him. In fact i don't know him so... yes I'm going because she asked me to." I say quietly, hoping anyone nearby wouldn't hear this conversation.
She gives me a long look. "You are going to a teen concert where half the school girls would die to be you and you hate it. Ironic isn't it? But, look, if you die from that terrible music, can i have your laptop?" Her eyes are teasing and i know she wont give me anymore crap about this subject.
I smirk, "you touch it and you will regret it. You have been warned!" I get up because I'm already late walking home. Bree laughs and calls to my back "when is it anyways?"
Dread squeezes in my chest and slips into my voice. "Tonight."----------------Hi guys, this is my first story so please don't leave any mean comments. I should be checking in everyday cuz it's sssuuuuummmeeeeerrr! Thanks for reading, hope you enjoy!!!