
(Authors note: Hi guys! Just a few things, number 1, i'm english so this may be slightly written from an english POV bc that's all i know. there might be english variations of american words or english restaurants instead of american if i can't work all of that out so sorry! number 2, this is my first fanfiction so it will probably be bad, sorry.)
(also idk how this is going to go atm so if you have any ideas that would be nice)
(also the picture at the top is kinda how i imagine sophie to look like but feel free to use your own imagination)
Sophie's POV
My name is Sophie Wentz and I really hate my life.
I'm always seen as a disappointment and worthless, I know it. The reason for this? My brother. My older brother is in a successful band. He's in a happy relationship and he has two wonderful children. I'm 26, so 10 years younger, single, unemployed and I still live with my parents. You see what I mean by disappointment? We always got along, me and Pete. It's the age difference really.
Anyway, later today Pete is coming round with his girlfriend and son to take me to a 'fancy lunch'. Fuck. Fancy lunch to my brother meant wearing slightly nicer tops than usual and jeans and going to a pizza restaurant. He's easily pleased.
I'm a fat slob, I don't need anymore food. I realised about a year ago. Food makes me fatter, so I try to avoid it. I don't know why.
I lean to the side of my bed to grab my phone to check the time: 11:18am; I should get up. Grouchily, I drag myself to the bathroom, moving the stiff lock across behind me, take off my hoodie and carelessly throw it in the corner.Leaning over to the shower, I spin the dial to turn it on and then adjust the temperature, before stepping into the cascading waterfall of hot water. As soon as I'm in, my arms start burning. Not because of the heat of the water, but because of the cuts littered all over my wrists. Another reason I'm a disappointment.
I washed my hair quickly, got out of the shower and wrapped a fluffy, white towel around me. It took about 5 minutes to brush my teeth and wash my face and all that kind of stuff. Grabbing my hoodie, I made my way back to my room. A quick glance at my phone told me it was 11:35am. Pete would be here in 45 minutes. Slipping my hoodie back on and plastering a smile over my face, I skipped down the stairs to greet my mum and dad in the kitchen.
"Morning Soph! Sleep well?" My mum chirped in an unnaturally happy tone.
"Yes ta, did you?" I replied back to her, pouring myself a glass of water. My mum let me stay in her house. Many parents would've kicked their disappointment daughters out by the age of 26 but mine hadn't, I was really grateful.
"I had a lovely sleep thank you for asking."
Smiling back at her, I told her about Pete's plans. "Pete's going to be here in 45 minutes and we're going for one of his 'fancy lunches' together." She laughed knowingly, we both learnt a long time ago about Pete's fancy lunches.
"That'll be lovely darling, you go get ready." Checking the time on the oven, I noticed I had 30 minutes before my brother arrived so I waved to my parents as I jogged out of the kitchen and back up the stairs. Pulling my wardrobe door open as I passed it, I dragged out my black sweater with rolled up sleeves and black ripped jeans. Okay, I like black clothes too much but whatever.I pulled them onto my fat figure and looked at myself in my full length mirror. Fair enough, the jeans made my legs look smaller than they were and the sweater was baggy enough to not make me look too fat. It was still ugly though. still hated it. My eyes darted to the cuts on my wrist from two nights previous. Ah fuck, I have to deal with these now. I grabbed a few wristbands from my night stand and covered my wrist with them. Eh that'll have to do.