
"Hey Driri, what's wrong? Why so dull?" She escalates. I sigh and turned to my side, staring at the white colored desk that's full of work, work, and work.
"Guess what?" I say, playing with a strand of my brown colored hair.
"You're pregnant?" She guesses. My eyes grow wide as saucers and mentally face palmed myself.
"Oh God, no!" I quickly say, already cringing at the thought of me being pregnant with some random dude.
"So, you're still a virgin?" She whispers through the phone. My face turns bright red and instead of mentally face palming myself, I did it in reality, which hurts by the way due to doing it too hard.
I clear my throat and answered her question, "Yes, Ray, I'm still virgin Mary." I turn red all over again.
"Um..." She starts off, probably thinking what to guess next. "You finally kicked Terry in the balls and got it through his thick skull that you're not into him?" She finishes off.
I heave out a huge sigh and gave up. "Forget it, I give up." I tell her.
"My mom signed me up for a summer job as a therapist at her friend's business and now, my life is over." I tell her, mentally crying.
"Wait, you're going to be sitting in a closed-in room, sitting on the most uncomfortable chair, listening to weirdos moan and groan on about their life story and problems and you take note of everything?" She asks, already mentally seeing her sucking her cheeks in; what she does when she's annoyed.
"Pretty much." I answer her, nodding to myself.
"Man, that sucks." She says. "And that also means we have to cancel our summer trips and fun, again." She groans.
This isn't the first time it's happened. Third time, actually.
- First job; two years ago, my mom signed me up as a factory worker at a boring sewing factory. I sucked at it and still am to this day.
- Second job; a year ago, again, my mom signed me up for a summer job. But this time it wasn't sewing clothes and sucking at it; it was much worse. I had to work at a supermarket and on my tenth day, I pretty much ruined the whole market and was forced to redecorate the entire store. Took me a month. (Didn't do it on purpose, by the way.)
And now, this is my third job, and let's hope it's my final one.
"Sorry." I apologize. "I couldn't wait for the summer fun, and now, it's summer disaster." I moan, already picturing myself sitting infront of the desk with a notepad infront of me and taking notes of the opposite person crying and weeping and not hearing a word she's waffling.
"It's fine. Look, I got to go, my baby brother is crying and it's rough baby sitting you're little one when everyone is out and about, leaving your only two favorite people behind." She babbles, groaning.
"Okay, bye." I tell her.
"Bye, love ya." She replies and hangs up.
I turn my phone off and threw it on the side, ending up falling on the floor. Not bothering to pick it up, I get up from my bed and changed into my pajamas that was lying on the ground. I go into my en-suite and opened the little door of my personal collection inside the bathroom and started brushing my teeth.
Ten minutes later, I got under the covers, quickly tweeted, warmly covered myself and stared at the bright stars on the ceiling.
If only dad was here. I wish he was.
Turning my side to the right, I put one of my hand under my ear and the other laying on top of my stomach and thought about the therapy job.