
"You sure you're okay?"
"Yeah definitely!" She grinned a wide smile, she tried to make it seem so realistic; I didn't buy it.
Meagan came back to the table and we ordered. She was having a veggie supreme and Soph decided on a plain margarita. At this point, Saint started to wake up. That boy could sleep for America, honestly, he'll sleep through anything! He kept us all entertained until the pizza's came out and they looked so delicious.

Sophie's POV
This pizza was big. And greasy. And fattening. Fuck my whole life.

Pete's POV
My pizza was demolished very quickly. Don't judge, I just love pizza. Meagan ate most of her's, she just left one slice, that girl is perfect. Soph cut her's up into tiny pieces and ended up eating one slice. I needed to have a word with her. We paid, and then stood up. Meagan grabbed Sophie's hands and kissed the top of her head. I used this as an opportunity to again hopefully disprove another theory of mine but as her wristbands rolled up her arm, I realised that it could not be disproved. Oh Soph.
"Thank you for coming out with us today Soph!" Meagan was so cheerful and Sophie smiled a grin in return to her. Again I let Meagan walk ahead with Saint as I stood exactly where I was.
"Coming Pete?" Soph asked.
"Not until you tell me what's wrong." I was determined.
"I've already said, nothing's wrong!" She was eager to prove her point. However I knew it was all lies.
"Why did you barely touch your pizza then?"
"Wasn't hungry." She was adamant.
"Why did you look sad earlier?"
"It's my face."
"No it's not. Why do you have cuts under your wristbands?" She looked so shocked and upset, it made me feel bad for asking. But I need to know.
"Wh-what, no don't be so silly, lets go." She spoke rapidly, turning to run towards the car. Reaching out, I grabbed her and held her at an arms length.
"Soph," At this point, she cracked and her form went limp in my arms; I pulled her into my shoulder as she sobbed.
"I-I'm s-s-sorry" She sniffed. My heart shattered. I adored my baby sister, that would never change.
"It's okay Soapy, we're gonna get you through this." I needed her to get through this.