
When I walked in the teacher really seem to like me cause of who I was and my personality.I saw Sophia and I immediately sat down next to her smiling and talking with said.
"I guess this year is going to be a good." I smiled looking at Sophia " I guess so." She smiled back at me.
Mathews POV:
I was walking to Dr. Mercado's class god damn he was way more annoyinger than Mis.Painter I sat as far as I could from the white board.
I was looking around till my eyes cough 2 girls and they both staired at me back.
One said "Umm... who is he staring at?" She said to the other girl with short hair.
"I don't know." She mentioned they looked backed at me again I gave them a grin and the girl with long hair exclaimed "I call him first!"
I started to laugh silenly and I looked away not even paining attention what Dr. said.
BEEP... Okay all I had to do was survive 3rd pd and then we would all be able to go to lunch.
×× at lunch ××
Ali's POV:
We all head to lunch and I was with my squad going to go find a table we set down put stuff and started walking to get inline to get food.
"So Ali how was ur morning?" Alxis questioned me with a smirk.
"Ugh... Alright I guess....wait don't give me that smirk if I found a cute guy cause their wasn't any." I looking her pissed because off all she has done was trying to find me a guy that I will fall for but nope it never work even if her, Paloma and Jubilee (girl with short hair in social study's during 2nd pd) had a boyfriend I mean it was hard for me to like a guy back.
I've have had a couple of guys that had become my ex boyfriends but either way they never came to my elementary I knew them either cause of karate or out parents were friends with my mom.
×× next pd came ××
I had my homeroom teacher for 5th which was science but since all he talked about was science safety I was practically ignoring him.
BEEP... Finally P.E. something that won't bore me cause all my classes are boring. They told us to sit down when then mentioned our names alphabetically with our coaches.
I was looking at the corner of my eye that pail guy ,with black hair, hazel eyes and soft pink lip. He looked more like a tagger( guys who like to graffiti) to me cuz he had baggie pants and a blue polo shirt. When I notice him looking at me he turn slightly pink.
Mathew's POV:
I was looking around because I was practically bord in P.E and I notice a pretty cute girl with dark brown almost black hair tied in a pony tail having her bangs to the side.
I think she notice me staring at her and our eyes locked into eachother. I had a better look at her face and I saw her deep dark brown eyes which matched with her black glasses. I started to study her pail face and her light pink lips.
I started to feel my face heat up and she just looked away.
"I wounder what's her name?" I mumbled to myself.
BEEP... "Choir just great a stupid elective!" I said as I started walking my way to class and I notice I had the same class with the girl I was staring at so I though mabey this class isn't going to be bad after all.