
I slid on my long sleeve shirt just like the days before. Remembering what happens back in Canada. How my old life was or how it used to be. Now I live with Kelly a family friend. Everyday I think about it what happened. I never understood how a family can go from loving each other to hating each other in a matter of months. I'm glad I could finally get out of that hell.I mean I did have so called friends but we never really hung out or anything.My so called guy friend took advantage of me, and I let him because I thought I was just a waste of space might as well.
I can't really say I like it much better here in California.The only difference between here and there I had one true friend that hung out with me a lot, but other than her I don't really have anyone else.Everyone there hated me since I arrived.Its mostly because of my attitude towards them.
Anyways I was on my way home from school when I saw someone moving in next to my house. I have always loved how the house looked it wasn't as boring as the others.
While I was looking at the house I saw a boy but he was a couple years older than me he looked perfect.What made him even more flawless was his perfectly tanned skin with tattoos.I loved tattoos on guys it made it seem as they were bad or tough.
Since I wasn't paying attention I tripped over a rock.Of course I had to in front of him.I figured he would just laugh at me but surprisingly he actually came to help.I didn't want to show him that I liked him or that I was weak.So I got up as fast as I could trying to limp my way over to my house.Then I see a tall muscular figure come towards me.
"Are you ok?" He looked me straight in the eye so I knew he was."Yeah I'm fine" he looked at me as if he actually cared if I was ok or not."Are you sure?" He asked sounding more worried than before."I told you already I am fine!"He seemed like he was in shock that I yelled at him."Ok if you want I could help you treat the wound" "I don't need help from anyone I am perfectly capable of doing it my self!" "I-I U-Um" he seemed like he was scared since I yelled at him.
"Can you please go now" as I said that he waved me goodbye and started walking off.I really wish I wasn't such a bitch he was so cute an- no I can not fall for someone else.If I did he'd probably hurt me just like everyone else in my life.
I just got out of school today and I'm already dealing with all this.I don't even know what to do anymore.As I was sitting on my couch flipping through the channels my thoughts creeped up on me.Look at you you did something wrong like you always do.You can't ever do anything right you are a failure.I can't believe that you are still alive.
With those words I went into my bathroom crying and my head was just pounding with my thoughts.Of course there I was giving into my thoughts cutting once again.Things were getting worse each day my thoughts consumed me.There was no way of stopping my thoughts once they were going.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
(A/N)
Hey guys I just wanted to say sorry for the short chapter.I just want some feed back on the story and if I should continue it.If not I'll start a new book. So 10 comments +12 likes?