
I walk down the hallways, keeping my eyes fixated on the ground. I don't want to make eye contact with anyone, even the people who are remotely nice to me. It hasn't been a good day so far.
I find my way to my locker, standing off to the side of it until a large group of gossiping girls see me waiting awkwardly. Brianna, a dark-haired girl who has always pitied me, stepped to the side to allow me through.
I hear snippets of what the girls are saying around me, but I ignore it all. I don't want to get caught up in the drama that everyone else finds so important.
I grab my binder and math textbook and head to class. My lip starts twitching, and although it isn't that noticeable, it is annoying enough for me to get frustrated. I press my lips together and wait for it to stop.
As I walk into Mrs. Renald's room, I glance up at the teacher and give her a quick smile. I may not like to socialize with people my age, but the teachers seem to understand me.
I trudge to the back of the room, and sit next to Matthew, who has been my best friend since I moved to this town in the middle of the eighth grade. It's freshmen year for the both of us now, though all of our classes are ahead of our grade.
"Hey, Crabs. What happened earlier?" He calls me Crabs, sometimes Crabby, although my actual name is Abigail. Most people just call me Abby, but he had to come up with a ridiculous nickname.
"Oh, nothing. Some seniors crowded around me and suggested that I start wearing a paper bag over my head, but I escaped before they could say worse," I reply. It was a normal occasion, being made fun of.
Matt nodded, and began telling his horror story of the day. "I accidentally tripped Malakai, and he retaliated by punching me in the back. Not as bad as usual."
We always do this during math, the only class we have together. It's our last class, so we tell each other anything bad that has happened to us throughout the day, just to get it off of our chests.
We tell ourselves we are fine, and that we have felt worse before. But, the truth is, it collects. Everything gets piled up, getting worse and worse every day. We have so much crap on our minds, and we are just making it worse by pretending that we are okay.
We are the only people keeping each other from losing it, from giving up, and we both know it. We never get mad at each other, we never misunderstand each other's actions. We are like soulmates, but in a friend way.
I listen to the teacher drone on and on, taking notes and memorizing equations. I'm in my zone, knowing that if I keep working and working, then one day I will be ahead of all these conceited and rich teenagers who pay no attention to anything that adults say.
The future is what matters. Today might suck, and maybe tomorrow will, too, but eventually, things will be better for Matt and I. Someday, we will mean something to the world.