
I heard muffled shouts and I didn't move on the bed once I collapsed onto it. I started to sob violently as my body started to sting. He hit me hard. I wished I never interfered with them. I just couldn't let him beat my mom again, I couldn't.
I heard muffled shouting and then my mom opened the door, tugging a suitcase.
"You can't leave!" papa shouted. "I need you! I'm sorry! Baby, I love you!" Oh no. He's sweet talking her again. He always knew what to do to get her to stay. This wasn't the first time she attempted to leave. He would always sweet talk her, and get her to stay again.
"Fine, but this is the last time! Next time I will seriously leave you," she would say. He would kiss her and say, "There won't be a next time, I promise." He would behave for a week, the longest, and then he would go back to the beatings, and wasting money on liquor.
"I'm not falling for your crap again!" she shouted at him, and then looked at me and gasped. I assumed that she saw that I was welting up. "Definitely not! How dare you do this to my baby?! Rosy, hun, go pack your clothes, we're leaving." I went to stand.
"Rosemary, you sit your ass down, right now, you ain't going anywhere!" papa shouted at me. I started crying and my mom shouted, "I will call the cops on you."
"You won't dare call the cops on me!" he shouted, and picked up the belt. I grabbed my phone and started recording.
"Go ahead, and hit her!" I said. "Go ahead and do it. I'll show everyone who you really are!" Papa looked at me angrily, and then dropped the belt.
"Go ahead. Leave. I don't want you wastes of space anyway." He stormed off in the direction of their room, and my mom said, "Quickly now, pack your clothes. We're going to my sisters house."
***
"Hasn't he beaten her enough?" my aunt shouted at my mom. "And you! I mean, I can understand him beating you, because you never left him when he started beating you to begin with. But still! Domestic violence should not be something you're going through! Especially when he beat her like this!" She gestured to me.
"Abigail, it's been a long night," my mom said, sternly. "She has school tomorrow. I want her to get some rest."
"School?! She's going to school with those welts all over her body and face?" my aunt asked.
"We'll put ice and make-up on it," my mom replied. "She needs to get away from this and be around friends."
"What you're doing is wrong," my aunt said, catching us both off guard. "You covering up for him... It's not right."
"What do you suppose I do?" my mom asked. "I won't have a house anymore! I won't have a life anymore... I won't--"
"You won't have a relationship with your daughter," my aunt said. My mom went pale slightly.
"Go on to bed," she told me. "You got to go to school in the morning." I obeyed, and silently went up the stairs to guest room. I thought over what my aunt said.
What exactly did that mean?