
He and some other people looked at us. Matt looked guilty,"I'm sorr-" I interrupted him. "I-We were worried about you when you didn't call. I was beginning to think fame got in your head..." I let it trail off. I knew this was a bad idea, I thought as I excused myself from the crowd. I told Ashely I would go, and she told me she would meet me up whenever I would feel like it.
It was perfect too because it started to rain. That was unusual since it barely even rained in Cali. I sighed walking off to a palm tree. Well that turned out well. Note the fucking sarcasm.
The temperature dropped like how my dad dropped me when I was a baby or how Matt dropped our friendship or how My mom dropped her job of being there for me. I stopped and looked at the leaves above me. I remembered the day I found my mom's stuff back in her old room.
She left something. It was her diary, it was sad too because oh how she described how her and my dad were in love and how she loved him so much. there was a bunch of her other stuff. She was an architect and designed all these monuments. That's how I started getting into them, myself. There were lots of blue prints and one day I was planning on actually building those monuments.
I felt a hand on my shoulder that made me jumped. Please don't be Matt. That was the first thing that came into my mind. I turned around and sighed, crap.
"It's pouring." He stated. I looked at him,"No shit Sherlock." I muttered. He chuckled nervously,"sorry."
"Sorry about what?" I questioned.
"Everything." He looked down to the ground and rubbed the ape of his neck. "Here I'll give you a ride back?" He offered. I frowned,"I don't need a ride." I said. "The hotel your staying at is about a 1 hour walk." He said. "How did you know where I was staying at?" I accused him raising an eyebrow.
He laughed,"it's funny because I'm staying in the exact same hotel." Matt held his hand in front of me,"Come on." He chided. I sighed and took it. He led me to his car as he opened the door. "Wow your such a gentleman Justin." I said sarcastically to him.
He looked at me,"I don't even look like him. I don't get how tho."
"You know I was just joking geez." I murmured getting inside. He ran to the other side and got in. "Buckle up." He told me. I did as I pulled my knees up to my chest. "I can feel the wetness my clothes are doing to the chair." I told him.
"I'm sorry but your looking seriously hot right now." He said tapping the wheel. I looked at my shirt it was white and was leaking revealing my bra. I blushed and threw a coin I found at him.
He laughed and got out his hoodie and handed it to me. I hesitantly took it. "Don't you dare look Matthew Lee Espinosa." I said using his middle name, and when I do he knew that meant some serious shit.
He nodded and looked the other way as I pulled off my wet shirt and quickly putting on his hoodie. It even smelled like h- I stopped and shook it off. No I told myself while frowning,"Your seats are kinda soaked, sorry about that." I apologized looking at his car seat. I felt the heater warm me up as I crossed my arms and turned on the radio snuggling in the chair.
I looked out the window watching the rain drops fall down, remembering as a child when i would bet on which rain drop would win with my mom and dad. I sighed and traced the rain drops letting my hand drop to my lap when the rain did.
"having a bad day?" Matt guessed looking at me. "Eyes on the road and how'd you know?" I asked.
"I've known you for years Ali. And plus you know when someone's having a bad day when they don't sing along to their favorite song-one of their favorite songs." He pointed out as the radio blasted the beginning of Chocolate by The 1975. It was one of my all time favorite songs but I also liked Sex by them. And- (insert all my favorite songs here)