
I cried silently that night. My mom and dad were shouting again in the living room. My dad was getting more and more violent. I wish my mom would just shut up. He always beat her. She should know when to stop talking.
My mom and dad were married at a young age. Being married at 19 is not enough time to figure out what you want to do with your life. My dad didn't even go to college. My mom ended up going while my dad worked. That went well for a while, until my dad got addicted to alcohol.
That's when their money started to go down the drain, and that's also when my mom gave birth to me. Precious little Rosemary. I was a healthy child when born, and my mom said she couldn't stop smiling as she held me. My father, on the other hand, did not want to be anywhere near me.
As I was growing up, the beatings started. Whenever my father came home from the bar, and I was still up when he checked on me, he'd beat me. He expected me to be asleep, and in his drunken state, viewed it as me disrespecting him. So each night when I lay in bed, I learned to close my eyes and pretend to sleep when he came home.
I always stayed up because I wanted his love, in some way or another. I wanted him to care about me, and give me a kiss goodnight, and I thought if I was awake, that's what he'd do. But I learned very quickly that wouldn't be the case. So I acted like I was sleeping.
Tonight, though, I didn't need to act. He wouldn't be coming to check up on me anytime soon. He was too busy getting ready to beat the hell out of my mom. Anger swallowed my tears. I couldn't let him do that.
I stood up, and wobbled over to my door. I opened it slowly while taking a deep breath. The door made a loud groaning noise, signaling that I was opening it. My parents went silent slightly, and then my dad shouted, "Stay in your goddamn room, Rosemary!"
I walked down the stairs, and saw him and my mom in a "ready" stance. My dad had his fist clenched, and my mom widened her shoulders to seem more intimidating. I stood next to her.
"What's wrong?" I asked, since I was too scared to say, 'Stay away from my mom, papa.'
"Rosemary, I told you to stay in your room!" papa hissed.
"It seems as if you were getting ready to beat my mom," I started, and mom grabbed my wrist.
"Rosemary, don't make this worse," she said, calmly. "I can handle your father, I just need you to go back upstairs and go to bed."
"Mom, I can't let him hurt you anymore," I whispered. "I let him hurt you long enough."
"Rosemary, I said get to bed!" my mom shouted at me. Tears sprung into my eyes, but I didn't move. I was 18. I didn't want to act like a frightened child anymore, even though that was exactly what I was. I still had to finish senior year and then I'd be off for college, away from this hell hole I called home.
"Martha, go on to bed, I'll tuck her in," papa said.
"No, I'll take her," she said, and grabbed my wrist, yanking me along.
"I said I'll take her to bed," my dad said, shoving my mom away from me. "Start walking, Rosemary." I slowly walked upstairs and my mom followed closely behind papa. As I got in my room, my dad pulled out his belt, and violently pushed me on the bed, spanking my behind, as my mom screamed profanities and tried to yank him away. Papa shoved her on the ground, and started hitting me again. I had gotten up by this time, so he wasn't watching where he hit me. He hit my face, my arms, and my back.
"Please stop, I'm sorry!" I sobbed, and my mom started crying too. She stood up and screamed, "I've had enough of you Casey, enough of you! I'm taking Rosy and we are leaving you!" She ran out of my room and papa stopped hitting me. He ran after her and said, "Where will you go?! There's nowhere you can go without me!" They went into their room and he slammed the door.