
Kirstie's P.O.V~
"KIRSTIN TAYLOR MALDONADO GET YOUR BUTT DOWN HERE NOW! YOU WILL BE LATE FOR SCHOOL!"
I rolled my eyes finishing my makeup and making my way downstairs, grabbing a slice of toast from my mum and picking up my bag on my way to the door.
"I'M LEAVING NOW!"
I shout. I know she is like right there but it's a taste of her own medicine.
Ahh yes school time to be placed on the ladder of status by the popular ones, whoever they may be.
I have always been the outsider the "bad one" that's why I switched schools, I was kicked out.
Oh well.
Now you see first impressions are very important so I usually tackle the problem by wearing all black and heavy makeup, no foundation though I will never be an orange. I love my combat boots, knee high, alway good. And to top of the "don't mess with me" look a big black baggy T-shirt, which I got from the men's section, although I wear it as a dress with a belt.
Test number 1 : getting on the bus
This is the first time you will be judged properly by the local people rumours spread quick so, it is important, for me to show my status punch a few pricks. you know basic stuff.
I get on the bus and silence.
Well my look worked. I walked to the back and everyone moved out of my way... perfect. I put my headphones on and sit by the window on the back row. We stop at a few more stops until I feel the seat next to me sink down. I ignore them until they tap on my head phone. Anyone who has had that happen to them will know it really hurts your ears.
"DUDE WHAT THE HELL?"
I yell taking my headphones off.
"Hi I'm Jeremy."
I give him a look, like come on dude really?
"And I don't care."
I move to put my headphones back on but he grabs my wrist. I freeze and slowly look up at him.
"Let go of my wrist before I beat you into the floor of the bus."
I stare at him with a death glare but he still doesn't let go. So I twist his arm around his back which results in him facing away from me. So I whisper in his ear.
"Don't touch me again."
Before bringing my boot up and kicking him off the seat. I got comfortable again and put my headphones back on.
I could feel people staring at me but I let them have the satisfaction of thinking I didn't notice. No one bugged me after that little showcase. Like I said first impressions, they can make or break you, word will spread round fast that I am "tough" but if I'm honest it's all an act, my mum can't understand why I keep getting expelled because I'm so well behaved at home.
Its all for my entertainment if I'm honest.
Ahhh test number 2:
This is the chance you get to make your full impression on the "popular people" time to kick some butt.
I walk down the corridor and it's just like the movies all of them whispering and pointing. I look emotionless on the outside but deep down inside I'm dying of laughter. They all think I'm so hard. Wow this is the easiest school so far to make impression on.
As I was saying about my social class, if we use a ladder as an example at the top is the popular people and at the bottom are the poor souls who are called "nerds" and "geeks". My goal is to be off the ladder completely out of the running for anything. It takes time though because as stupid as it sounds you have to be respected. At first everyone will try push you to the bottom you have to try step off the ladder and get your feet on solid ground. I tend to be good at that though.