
A/N PARENTAL ADVISORY EXPLICIT CONTENT.
My Dad thought it would be a good idea for me and Lily (my step mom) to bond more. So here we are. California.
We were staying at a Hotel with my friend, Ashley. She lived in a town in Pennsylvania called Rosewood. It's actually pretty rad because Pretty Little Liars films there.
"Bitch come on!" Ashley screamed at me outside the bathroom door. "I want to be there first!"
Yeah, ashley just figured out the MAGcon boys were doing a meet and greet just 5 minutes from here from Twitter. "Chill Ash, it'll be fine." I walked out the door and immediately got pulled out the room. The elevator was taken so she dragged me down the stairs.
Ashley pulled me outside the hotel and ushered me to get in the car. I stopped and looked at her,"hey no need to be a kidnapper."
She looked like she was about to punch me,"Ali!" She pushed me inside her car as we drove off. I texted Lily that we would be out for a bit, just so she isn't worried.We reached at the place where we were suppose to be meeting them. Ashley parked the car and ran in line. I followed behind realizing we were the 5th people in line.
Soon girls started to pile up behind us. The boys were already there nicely waiting to meet their fans like good little people they are. Screams pierced my ears as I heard them yell all their names as loud as possible. I swear girls go crazy over guy's looks. *cough* *cough* Alexfromtarget *cough* They were talented, and i never really understood the fuss over them.
But I did know one thing. Matt was in that group. He was my best friend for years but he stopped talking to me once he joined MAGcon for a reason not to be spoken by him. I haven't said his name in a long time. "Matt." I whispered my voice almost breaking as I took a deep breath. I missed saying his name in my mouth.
I held my breath as Ashley tugged on my arm, she was hopping up and down not wanting to waste a single moment of her experience. She looked at me, as I faked a smile. "Aren't you excited?" Ashley asked. I nodded. The truth was i was never ready for him to leave.
My knees were aching and my feet were sore. Since I was 5'3 I couldn't see much of the guys since there were 6ft people in front of me.But they were peeking out once a while. I put my weight on one foot while I crossed my arms.
Not to mention I was getting claustrophobic as the girl started pushing each other trying to get in front, and closer to the guys. When the guard opened the velvet rope, Ashley ran right in. It was those fuzzy kinds. Before we went it I slightly swiped it feeling my hands start to tickle. Ashley smiled like a psycho as we got closer to the boys. She's got her phone ready shoving it to me while she fixed her hair. My mind started to go mad.
What if he remembers me? What will he say? I asked myself questions in my head for a short period amount of time until Ashely told me we were next.
I could see only Nash, Cameron, Taylor, Shawn, Hayes,Carter and Him. We made eye contact as soon as i stepped up to be visible. "Oh god." I muttered.
His eyes widened,"Ali?"
No nope this isn't Ali. I murmured to myself. "Hey." I mustered out. Matt smiled awkwardly,"so. How've you been?" He asked.
Ashley smirked. "Get some." She whispered in my ear as I rolled my eyes. I looked back at him,"good."
We stayed there for what it seemed like an eternity but he spoke up,"want a picture?" He asked gesturing towards my phone. I shook my head lightly,"Nah, I really don't want another reminder of my past. Oh and how's ignoring me going for you?" I blurted out.