
After school, Matt and I collect our things amongst the psychotic crowd of adolescents, and bolt out of the building. We are technically supposed to go out the front door, but the teachers like us enough to allow us to leave the crowd behind and be on our way.
"You wanna go to the woods? I've been meaning to explore, and it's Friday, so it shouldn't matter much," Matt suggests.
I nod, saying, "Sounds like a plan. Let me call my dad, though. You should probably call your brother, too." He agrees, and we both get out our phones from our backpacks. We would keep them in our pockets, but they've been stolen too many times to do that.
I dial the home phone, and listen to the ringing. I am just about to give up when I hear the phone ring picked up on the other end.
"Hello?" My dad sounds sleepy on the other end.
"Hey Dad, sorry if I woke you up. I was wondering if I could go hang out with Matt for a little bit. I might end up spending the night at his house, too." He won't mind, he never does. Plus, if he did, he would be too tired to argue.
"Sure hun, whatever you want. If you spend the night, though, be back by noon. Okay?"
"Sure, Dad. Bye." I hang up the phone and turn back around.
Matt's already waiting for me, standing by the tall oak tree that hangs over part of the soccer field.
"Anthony said it was okay, and I just kinda assumed you were spending the night, so I hope you asked," he tells me and I nod. "Okay, then. Let's race."
Matt bolts off in the other direction, towards the expanse of trees across the street from the school. He pauses momentarily at the road, before sprinting across and disappearing into the trees. I attempt to follow him, but I am not much of a runner, and I decide to just stick to jogging.
I eventually make it into the woods, and I look around for Matthew. I don't see him around me, but I hear a stick breaking directly behind me. I turn around and push him down, and he falls to the ground, cackling.
"How are your reflexes that good?! How did you even hear me?!" He says this between breaths, as he is still panting from running.
"I don't know, I guess all those years of trying to sense whether someone was about to yank my hair or push me down have paid off." I laugh half-heartedly and continue deeper into the trees, Matt following closely behind.