
~Alexandria's POV~
Sitting in an alley by yourself with nothing to do or anyone to talk to may seem quite boring, but to me it's the exact opposite. Being alone for many years you get use to the silence, and you learn to live with it. Today was starting off as any other one would, waking up, hearing the same rumble I've been hearing for a few days, looking through a dumpster can for food, and everything else, but it soon changed. As I dug through the large dumpster, I hear something fall to the ground with a loud 'clank'. As I lift my head, my gaze scanning the dark area, it lands on a container full of blue-green glowing liquid. Curious, I pick it up, but soon regret it. Of course, being me, I have to always make the wrong decision. Multiple identical men pour into the small area, holding some type of gun. I hold up the canister. "Looking for this?" I smirk. The men look at each other. "Krangg retrieve the liquid that is identified as mutagen from the being that is called a human." (A/N sorry I'm not good at 'speaking' Krangg XD so I'm not gonna attempt it again lol) One says to the other. "FYI, my name is Alexandria, not 'human." I scowl. I then look at the liquid in the bottle. "So this is what you want?" I ask with a smirk. The so called 'Krangg' start advancing on me, holding up their guns. I know I'm gonna regret doing this, but I just can't help myself. "If this is what you want, then I'm sure you'll go after it if you want it that much!" I throw the canister, it surprisingly not breaking as it rolled into the street. I felt as if something else was here, other than the men, watching the little scene. I quickly look around, seeing a shadow on the top of the building behind me. I look back to the Krangg. They start firing their guns, and I duck behind the dumpster. Lucky for me, I have a knife in my back pocket, although it's pretty small and really dull. I hear a loud thud and a voice mumble something. I peek around the side of the dumpster, seeing a... Large turtle?! My brows furrow in confusion. How is that even possible? The red-clad turtle starts stabbing at the men with what looks like sais. Soon all the men were down. I couldn't deny the fact that I was surprised to see no blood. I stand up, emerging from behind the dumpster. I cross my arms, and the turtle turns around. He copies my actions, glaring at me. "How could you be so stupid? Are you trying to get yourself killed?" His loud voice booms. I scoff. "What do you care anyways? It's not like anyone else ever has! And I can take care of myself, thank you!" I spat. I am not taking shit from a turtle! A turtle for god's sake! He gives me a cold stare. There was a long silence, but of course my empty stomach has to go and end it. His gaze softened for a brief second, him eyeing me up and down, probably taking in my weak and skinny form. His emerald green eyes seemed to glow in the dark lighting. He rolled his eyes before letting out a sigh. "Have you been living on the streets?" He asks. My eyes narrow. "No, I'm taking a walk in tattered clothes, and I seemed to have forgotten to eat." I say sarcastically. "What do you think?" I growl. I only receive a groan from him before he pushes me out of the way. "Excuse you, but i don't think I'm someone you want to push around. Literally." He ignores me, bending down and uncovering a manhole. He looks me up and down once more. "You're stubborn and feisty. I like that." There's a faint smile playing on his lips. He mutters something to himself. "Are you coming or what?" I give him a disgusted look. He expects me to jump down into the sewers? He's crazy. "You mean.. Down there?" I point to the manhole. He nods. I shrug. What have I got to lose? I hesitantly jump down, him following.
~~~
Sorry it's pretty short, I'm going to try to make the chapters longer. Anyways, I hope you enjoy this story, as it is just getting started. I'll try and update as soon as I can. If you see any mistakes, please inform me! I'll fix it as soon as I can. Please comment and tell me what you think of the story so far!