
Emily's POV
"Emily!" I heard someone called. I turned around to see Zeke running towards me. I always got nervous around him, especially since I have a crush on him. But him and I weren't friends. And that reason because Stacey Simon (his girlfriend) hates my guts.
She and I used to be friends until I told her that I liked Zeke. I guess she also had a secret crush on him too. And then the next day, she asked him out and he said yes.
Who in world would go out with someone, there best friend likes? Yeah she's a bitch. But if Stacey ever saw Zeke talking to me, she'll get so pissed.
Last time Zeke and I talked it didn't end well. I ended up with a broken leg.
And that's not because of her I already had it broken but she just happen to sit on it and punch it a couple of times. But it want as bad as hers.
Stacey ended up with a broke nose, arm, and a patch of her hair gone. Also a trip to the hospital.
The thing I don't get why was he coming over to me? What did he want? I stopped it my position were I was waiting for him to catch up to me.
"Heyy?" I was really confused, because this was the first time in 5 months that he has even had the guts to talk to me. I know what your thinking. Wow 5 months is a really long time.
Well it almost half of a year so it feels like it's been forever.
"Hey" He said as he catching his breath. "I wanted to ask you something."
"Are you sure? I mean Stacey can be anywhere, and she could she you talking to me." I gasped. "Do you really want that to happen?" I asked.
He laughed at that. Then he shrugged. "I really don't care. She doesn't tell me what to do anymore." Okay? I wasn't suspecting that as an answer.
"Okay so what's up." I was still shocked of what just came out his mouth. Did he really not care anymore or did Stacey send him to get information from me.
Like she always tried to do. Lana was one of my best friends. But after Stacey and I stopped getting along, she supposably didn't chose a side. I guess but I figured out what was she doing.
She always came over to my house and I'll talk a lot of shit about Stacey. Then surprisingly the next day Stacey knew what I said. I guess I had to fake bitches in my life.
Yeah, yeah. I know it was my fault that I talked about her. But don't tell me you have never done it before. And she also said a lot more crap about me.
"Want to come over and you know play video games, or you know just hang out?" I stared at him carefully. Was he inviting me to his house? Uh, okay weird.
"Why?" Okay first of all Zeke Richards does not invite no one, I mean no one to his house. Not even Stacey I'm pretty sure of that.
"It's been a long time since we've talk, and I want to be friends." He wanted to be my friend.
I couldn't keep a smile that was forming on my face. Then after that I started laughing. Was he really asking me this right now?
"Y-you what." I said while still laughing. "Oh Zeke you're to funny. You want to be my friend." I wiped out a tear of laughter that was currently on my face.
"Yes, I'm sorry of how I ignored you in the pass few months. It's just you know how we have grown so much apart."
"Well I really don't have time to 'hangout'. I have to do my daily run then to my grandmothers house to pick up a few stuff. Also I have to meet up Adam at the park to play soccer for a while." I said turning around and already to my sister car.