
Keira awoke the next day to see that it was around one in the afternoon. Normally, she would have freaked and jumped out of bed to get to work but that morning she was so content resting in Owen's arms. She turned around to face him as he slept on. She reached her hand out and ran her fingers through his thick hair. She saw him smile with his eyes still close before they slowly opened.
"Good morning." he replied in a deep raspy morning voice that sent shivers through her body.
"Morning." she said.
"Last night was ...a hell of a night." he said.
She blushed. "It was definitely fun." she said.
"We can still have a little fun while the house is quiet. Although, it wouldn't be quiet during..." he shrugged before rolling on top of her. She propped herself up on her elbows pressing her lips against his.
He pulled away. "You know, you're still as beautiful as the first day I met you." he told her.
"Oh Mr. Grady, you flatter me so."  she said with a blush.
"I can really make you blush." he said before kissing her again. She smirked before he bit her lower lip and began moving his hands over her body.
Suddenly, they heard a whine. The two adults looked up to the end of the bed and saw Athena laying there watching them, her ears perked, and her tail slightly wagging. Owen rolled off with a laugh as Keira patted in between them. Athena crawled across the bed and settled down rolling on her back.
"She's made herself right at home."

Keira was on her laptop, checking the sanctuary email, she saw several lecture requests from a couple of universities before she saw an official email from the Costa Rican government. She opened it up and saw the request from President Segura to reconsider his offer. She shook her head before closing the laptop and getting up. She called to Athena who trotted out happily.
"I think it's time for you to get your official tour of the sanctuary." she said.

Theo was sitting reading one of his lesson plans in boredom before looking away. He decided to skip the lesson for the day and head out. He walked into the lab to see Gray.
"Gray." he said walking in.
"Hey Theo."
"You busy?"
"Is that an actual question?" Gray smiled. "But I can always make time.What's up?"
"I'm just bored, figured I'd come in here and actually learn something."
"Curious about genetics finally?"
Theo shrugged. "According to my parents I'm gonna end up working here one day might as well learn what I need to know."
"Well, we can go over a few basics such as the sequencing."
"Really?"
"Yeah, you might want to take some notes though. There's a lot just within the basics."

Keira arrived at the plains gate to find Zach's vehicle already there. She had Athena wait in the car to make sure all was well. She headed in as Athena watched her curiously.
"Zach!" she snuck up on him. He jumped startled dropping his clipboard. He attempted to regulate his breathing.
"I really hate when you do that." he said with a slight glare.