
"It's not a big deal." she told him.
"I beg to differ, how many times has this happened?" he asked.
She didn't answer.
"Keira..."
She sighed. "A couple of times, but I'm fine."
"No, we're going to the infirmary. Now."

The doctor sat with them as Owen stood beside Keira who was sitting there impatiently.
"Well, your blood levels are up." the doctor began ."Quite a bit and your heart rate is higher which means it's working extra hard."
"Is it diet?" Owen asked.
"No," the doctor chuckled, " but if anything Mrs. Grady, you're gonna wanna eat more." he told her.
"Eat more? Doc, you know how much this woman eats?" Owen said.
"Well, she's not just eating for herself anymore."
Keira opened her mouth but stopped when the doctor's words finally registered.
"WHAT?!" the couple said together.
"I'm trying to tell you that you're pregnant."
Keira looked down to her stomach and saw no difference. "But I..." she motioned to her stomach.
"Right, which is bringing me to the next point, you're not putting on the weight you should be at this point, you're not showing at all. You should at least put 2 kilos on during the first trimester." he said.
Keira just sat there in shock.
"Any other things slightly out of the norm?" the doctor asked her.
She shook her head.
"No soreness?"
"No, I haven't felt any different except for the dizziness."
"Well, I guess you can consider yourself lucky, seems to be an asymptomatic pregnancy. But I recommend you head to the main island, get checked out for your sake and your baby's sake."
"Wow." the two new parents stood there.
"You honestly had no clue." the doctor said.
"No." Keira admitted. "None at all."
"Did your missing period not alarm you?"
"It's been irregular since I was a kid. Comes and goes as it pleases, my doctor told me that it was nothing to worry about back in Montana."
"Well, congratulations to you two!" he said.
"Thank you."
The doctor left the two in the room for a moment. Owen hadn't said much if anything at all since the announcement.
"Owen?" she grabbed his hand. "Are you okay?"
"Am I okay?" he said turning to her. "Are you crazy? I'm great!" he said his face lighting up brightly. "I'm going to be a dad! And you, you're going to be a mom! We're parents!"
---
"Between you and our mothers I didn't know who was more excited." Keira laughed resting her head against his shoulder.
"Well, we have one awesome son." he said.