
Wind blew past me I shivered zipping my leather coat closed. Tugging my beanie more into place giving my human ears warmth. I finally came across the dunkin donuts, and bought and Mint Hot Chocolate. I awaited for my coffee sitting at one of the tables I looked around the place, rubbing my knuckles against my jawline subconsciously, it's a thing I did while nervous, I suffered from an anxiety disorder, which sucks ass but you gotta live with it.
"Danika Skretzy?" Asked a waiter. I stood up and took my order I turned and notice three men across the room how did I not notice them before?! They were staring at me, all wearing brown leather jackets as did the men who killed my parents. I inhaled a shaky breath and walked out of the café. After I was out I exhaled a shaky breath. I lifted my sleeve to my mouth and subconsciously bit on a small piece at the end of it, another thing I do when I'm nervous except now I'm extremely nervous.
A cold hard wind blew my hair back, I got goosebumps up and down my arms I shivered, my breath coming out as white puffs of air. I ignored the cold and took a sip of my drink. I heard the sound of people running behind me. My heart raced, and I started to run the sound of a gun clicking. Was to my right I ducked as the person to my right shot. And then ran but not in the direction of my home.
I zigzagged as they shot at my feet I felt a sharp prick in my neck as I ran I fell my perfectly good Hot chocolate now on the ground. I picked out a dart looking thing that had a needle at the tip. Tranquilizers? My vision went blurry. I was about to fall onto my face but my hands caught my fall. People pointed a gun to my head. Two people stood by my side and picked me up by the arms. "Screw....you guys I payed for that hot chocolate!" I say angrily. Yeah I know getting mad because of my hot chocolate was ruined but it was my favorite!
I tried my best to escape their grasp. I reached into my pocket and destroyed my phone so they wouldn't track down Sherry. "You stupid bitch!" Said a man who was in front of me he back handed me I glared at him and hissed.
•Some Random Ass Place•
I woke up in a cage, I was still a little drowsy. My head pounded I noticed that my tail was exposed and so were my ears. "ugghhh fuck..." I mumbled. "You're awake!" Came a voice from my left I flinched at the sound of the persons voice my ears were extremely sensitive for whatever reason they were never this sensitive before. I  turned to the voice and seen a man with a unique hairstyle in a cage next to me. His skin was tan like my mother's skin color. Why was this dude so cheerful? "Who are you?" I asked. "Edwin Cardona Jr. But my friends call me Eddie or Sly!" He said smiling at me.
I raised an eyebrow "Why are you so happy?" I asked he shrugged. "Because it annoys them, it's funny when they're mad. they think they're so powerful the think they can kill us." He said laughing this dude was insane. "Danika Skretzy" I say as I reach through the bars of my cage and his and shook his hand. "That's a cool name" he said smiling "yeah so is yours" I say smiling at him me myself suddenly turning happy.
"SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU GAY FUCK!" Yelled a man who came in he had a whip Sly laughed extremely hard. His laugh was cute. The man opened his cage and started to whip him. It was painful to see but he wasn't crying or screaming in pain he had a bored expression. On his face.
I cringed with each sound the whip made. The man turned to me, "What about your girlfriend? Huh she wants some too?" He asked I wanted to laugh because of how gay that sounded. He opened my cage, grabbed me by the neck and slammed me on the ground but I wasn't immune to this pain like Sly was. I yelped feeling helpless, but then realized I could get out of here I'm a fucking hybrid there no match for me.