
(Danika)
We just got off of the plane and she guided me toward the exit and we hailed a taxi. She didn't say anything during the ride but told the taxi where to go. We stopped at a large house which was built with bricks. We got out she grabbed our things. She grabbed her house keys and opened the lock. "Welcome to your new American home" she said I nodded as I looked at how nicely decorated it was I loved it.
~Years Afterwards~
I've been homeschooled ever since I was born because of my condition but I knew the end times of being homeschooled were neigh. I groaned today Sherry was gonna make me transfer to the school in town which wasn't a private school.
"You're gonna have to start going to school of course, and many kids will make fun of your accent even though it's beautiful, people just have to make fun of it because they don't have it" she said shaking her head. "But no matter what don't fight back...you don't have to be as strong as them physically but what it's important that you're stronger than them mentally" she said.
"I know, I know you've told me that before, are you repeating this because of my temper?" I asked she smirked and ruffled my hair "No shit Dani" she said laughing to herself. Such great parenting am I right?
I took shower and threw on, my V-neck shirt that was black and said "Love" in the middle the letters white and a heart around it that was red, I pulled on my black leggings, my jacket, the. My beanie. I walked downstairs and ate some pancakes Sherry had prepared, once I finished we headed off to the high school. "You can go explore and make friends with others while I do all this boring paperwork okay honey?" I nodded and left I walked down the hallways and tons of kids were staring at me.
I looked at there boring beige colored lockers. I stopped and stepped to the side as I almost collided with some preppy looking girl, ugghhh. She stared down at me as if she wanted me to bump into her so she could cause a fuss about it. I ignored her and went on knowing that she'd start shit with me once I actually go to school here.
Suddenly a man in a scratchy looking sweater stopped in front of me, I looked up and he looked down to me he had glasses on and a white beard and mustache. I stepped aside but he blocked my path I then moved quickly to the right of him tricking him and actually going left. He tried to grab ahold of my waist but I pushed off of him and ran down the hall quickly. I panted as I reached a safe side of school, that was creepy. What was he even doing? Tryna snag or what?
I was now next to Sherry and walking down the hall toward the cab she had called and we rode it home. "Are you sure those dudes ain't here like they're gone forever?" I asked she shrugged. "I think so I mean they're just some dudes who sell drugs and want your ass they ain't that smart" she said stirring her tea.
"You're sixteen... Dani you'll be turning seventeen a couple months from now think about the future and make plans for what you think will come next otherwise you'll be unprepared." She said looking at her tea cup. "What if it doesn't happen?" "Use what you had from your previous plan and come up with what could be possible to do in the actual thing that happens or plan out your plan B"
"What if my plan doesn't work" "Then play it stupid and escape" she said. Just like what I did when I was eight, and was in that car crash. But that was planned. So I guess I'll think of a plan B. "I'll go with the alternative plans" I say she nodded.
"School starts this Wednesday! School shopping!" She said cheerfully I raised an eyebrow at her "what?" She asked shrugging. I laughed at her and went upstairs to my bedroom to think, about random shit and zone out.
~Hours later~
"Hey Sherry imma go to dunkin' donuts!" I say as I ran past her. "Be safe Dani!" She said as I closed the door behind me. I walked outside the sky was gray and the streets were calm in my neighborhood anyway. Once I got into the actual town where the stores and hotels were. There was quite a few people crowding the streets. Which I had a bad feeling about but decided to ignore it.