
Hey guys! This is my very first fanfiction, so bear with me! Some of these may be written on a whim, so it may take time for me to edit. (I'm a bit of a detail freak, when it comes to that). I'm hoping this turns out alright, but I would really love some constructive (emphasis on constructive) criticism. This is the first chapter of my second story. This meaning that my next chapter will be my first chapter on my first story. (If that makes sense. If not ask me and I'll explain further). I'm basically intertwining stories to add to the "mystery" or "storyline". Haha! Thanks!!
(Olivia's POV)
Today marks eight months of being under the care of Sherlock Holmes. To say the truth, it feels normal, as if it's where I should have been all along. It seems I've been here for years, but it's gone by so fast. So much has happened and, just by the nature of Sherlock Holmes' life, so much more will. You can't condone that fact. He's a man of mystery and a man of adventure. If you knew him, you couldn't go more than a week without putting your life in peril.
Why he chose me among so many others to stay with him, I will never know. I slithered my way into his world and, so far, he's been eager to share it with me.
John, while a bit surprised at my arrival eight months ago, has accepted me and I think is glad Sherlock has someone to share his flat with. Mary and I spend quite quite a lot of time together. I've been helping her with the many baby nessesityies. Molly Hooper and I are best friends. Yes, we go shopping and talk on the phone frequently. I wish Sherlock would spend more time with her.
This life isn't normal, but ever since my father was taken from me, "normal" hasn't been my, well, cup of tea. I -
"Olivia, don't tell me you're writing blogs like John?" Sherlock spoke, interrupting my thoughts.
He held out a jar containing a severed hand.
"It's more of a diary, I suppose. I don't want to miss anything."
I closed the laptop and took the jar from Sherlock. He put a few drops of some red liquid into the jar and took it back.
Sherlock's phone began to buzz from the table beside me. I picked it up and brought it to my ear. Sherlock didn't mind, considering I did most of the calls and texts for him on a daily basis.
"Hello?"
"Olivia, we need Sherlock." Lestrade replied.
He was running, as he sounded out of breath.
"London always does. Thanks, Greg, I'll let him know." I shoved the phone into my pocket. "Sherlock, put the jar down. You've got a case."
He glanced over, with his, humorously, large goggles, and chuckled.
"Yes!"