
Theo typed away at his computer when Doug walked in, he quickly closed out the window.
"Hey Tag, what were you working on?" Doug grinned sitting next to him.
"Nothing."Theo said.
"Aww Theo, you wouldn't be looking up naked ladies would you?" Doug tsked him.
"What?! No!" Theo cried in horror.
"Well, jeez, don't make it sound like a crime." Doug huffed.
"I wasn't looking up p-porn." Theo stammered as he turned red. "I was just typing an email."
"An email? To who?"
Theo gave him an irritated look from the side. "Just a friend." he said.
"A pen pal?"
"Yeah, a pen pal."
"You could have just said that little dude. Didn't have to get all on the defense!" Doug told him. " Wait a second, is it a girl?"
"Maybe." he said.
"Uh oh, international man." Doug laughed before standing up. "Alright, I'll leave you and your little girlfriend to email." he said leaving.
Theo waited until everything fell quiet before he opened up his laptop and continued.

Keira stood outside the Bungalow with the hose on spraying Athena who was covered in a dark substance as Theo returned from the main building. Athena was hopping around attempting to catch the water in her mouth.
"Stay still, you nutcase."
Theo walked over and smelled her quickly. "Whoa!" he fanned the air in his face. "What did she get into?"
"Ankylosaurus droppings. Face planted right into it."
Theo laughed. "Gross."
"Look at her, happy as hell." Keira chuckled spraying the dog in the face slightly. She lifted her hat wiping her brow that was collecting sweat.
"God it's so hot," she mumbled,  "I swear the Apatosaurus' were passing gas just to get a little breeze out in the plains."
Theo smiled. "That was beautiful Mom."
"Yeah, your Mom is full of class." Owen came out of the Bungalow.
"Watch yourself, Mr. Grady." She said aiming the hose in his direction. He placed his hands up.
"Please, I have a son!" he said dramatically grabbing Theo and placing him in front as a shield.
"Hey!"
"I'll just have to take both of you down then. No witnesses!" She opened fire soaking the two Grady males. Owen made his way over before wrestling the hose out of her hands and tossing it to Theo.
"Get her!"
Theo sprayed his mother who squealed in his father's grip. Athena joined in running in circles while barking tripping Keira and Owen to the ground.
Theo stopped to see his parents laughing on the ground covered in mud. Many times he had heard people on the island call his parents and their family perfect. They always seemed so happy.
But his family was taken care of. With the Masrani fortune sustaining the island, he would never have to worry about anything really. His parents have the financial ability to pretty much do anything. They never had to worry about where the next meal was coming from.
Was it wrong to want families all over the world to be as happy as his?