
'One day I'm going to get out there because killing a dragon is everything around here' I then see anders gathering  like seagulls  on a semingly vacant house 'a badder head should at least get me noticed'
The Nadders clamber onto the building, tearing the roof and walls apart. Sheep pour out and SCATTER. Elsewhere, hippo-like Gronckles pick drying racks clean of fish and fly off like loaded pelicans 'grockles are tough taking down one of those would definitely get me a boyfriend'A stealthy, snake-like dragon head peeks over a rooftop, breathing gas into a chimney.'A Zippelback? Exotic, exciting. Two heads, twice the status. ' i thought as A second head pokes through the door and lights it. KABLAM! The two heads fly through the explosion their necks zipping together to reveal a single body. It flies past Stoick as he climbs to the top of a CATAPULT.'And then there's the Monstrous Nightmare. Only the best Vikings go after those. They have this nasty habit of setting themselves on fire. ' It emerges from the flames, climbing the catapult with a leering, toothlessgrin. Suddenly I hear, a LOUD BALLISTIC MOANING streaks overhead.'But the ultimate prize is the dragon no one has ever seen. We call it the-- ' then a bunch of vikings yell "night fury get down"Vikings everywhere take shelter. The moaning sound BUILDS. The Monstrous Nightmare suddenly stops fighting and takes flight. 'This thing never steals food, never shows itself, and... 'The sound recedes, leaving the crippled catapult in flames.'...never misses.No one has ever killed a Night Fury. That's why I'm going to be the first.' Gobber then trades his hammer for an axe gobber then says"an the fort, Hicca, they need me out there! "Gobber pauses. Turns with a threatening glare. "Stay. Put. There. You know what I mean. "Gobber charges into the fray, HOLLERING. A smirk then crosses my face. WHAM! I push my  wheeled contraption through a wall of clustered Vikings. I weave through the ongoing mayhem, as fast as my legs can carry me. Then while doing so I hear from other vikings saying to me " Hicca, where are you going!" Or" Come back here!" I replied to them "I know be right back" I then reach a cliff overlooking the smoking CATAPULT and i drops the handles to the ground. I cranks several levers, unfolding and then cocking the bowed arms of my contraption. I drop a bola onto a chamber and then pivots the weapon on a gimbal head toward the dark sky. I listen, with my eye pressed to the scope, hand poised on the trigger. I hear the NIGHT FURY approaching... and turn my aim to the defense tower. It closes in for the final strike, completely camouflaged in the night.i then mutter to myself " Come on. Give me something to shoot at, give me something to shoot at." Then KABLAM! The tower topples. The blast of fire illuminates the dragon for a split second. I pull the trigger. KERTHUNK! The flexed arms SNAP forward, springing the weapon off the ground. The bola disappears into the sky, followed by a WHACK and a SCREECH. I count belive it "Oh I hit it! Yes, I hit it! Did anybody see that? "My victory is short-lived. A Monstrous Nightmare appears, slithering up over the lip of the cliff. "Except for you." I run through the PLAZA, SCREAMING, with the NIGHTMARE fast on his heels Vikings scatter as i dodge a near fatal blast. The Nightmare's sticky, Napalm-like fire splashes up onto buildings, setting them alight. I duck behind the last standing brazier -- the only shelter available. The Nightmare blasts it, spraying fire all around me. I peer around the smoldering post. No sign of the Nightmare. I turn back to find it leering at me, blocking my escape. It takes a deep breath. I am finished i thought but. Suddenly, the chief LEAPS between us, tackling the Nightmare to the ground. They tumble and wrestle, resuming their earlier fight. The Nightmare tries to toast him, but only coughs up smoke. Then he says "You're all out." He smashes the Nightmare repeatedly in the face, driving it away. It takes to the air and disappears. Winded, the chief turns to me 'oh there's one more thing you need to know' "sorry..Dad" I say Then some Nadders fly past with sheep in their clutches. The raid is over. The dragons have clearly won. The murmuring crowd eyes my dad , awaiting his response. "Okay, but I hit a Night Fury. "Then my dad grabs me by the back scruff of my collar and hauls me away, fuming with embarrassment. " It's not like the last few times, Dad. I mean I really actually hit it. You guys were busy and I had a very clear shot. It went down, just off Raven Point. Let's get a search party out there, before it-- " then my dad says very loudly"STOP! Just....stop." He releases me. Everyone goes silent, staring expectantly."Every time you step outside, disaster follows. Can you not see that I have bigger problems? Winter's almost here and I have an entire village to feed! " my dad says i looks around. All eyes are upon me"Between you and me, the village could do with a little less feeding, don't ya think?" I said A few rotund Vikings stir self-consciously. Then my dad says "This isn't a joke, Hicca, Why can't you follow the simplest orders?" I then replied with "I can't stop myself. I see a dragon and I have to just... kill it, you know? It's who I am, Dad." "You are many things, Hicca. But a dragon killer is not one of them." Ow that Stings. I look around to see many nods of agreement." Get back to the house. (TO GOBBER) Make sure she gets there. I have her mess to clean up. "My dad then lumbers off in the opposite direction. Gobber leads me through the walk of shame. We pass the teen fire brigade as they snicker. Tuffnut says "Quite the performance. "SNOTLOUT the says " I've never seen anyone mess up that badly. That helped!" I then replied sarcasticly" Thank you, thank you. I was trying, so... "i avoid Aston's glare and heads up toward a large house my house, standing prominently on the hill above the others. I then tell gobber "I really did hit one. "GOBBER then says "Sure, Hicca.""He never listens. ""Well, it runs in the family." "And when he does, it's always with this... disappointed scowl. Like someone skimped on the meat in his sandwich." Then I said in the best impression of my dad "Excuse me, barmaid. I'm afraid you brought me the wrong offspring. I ordered an extra large BOY with beefy arms. Extra guts and glory on the side. This here. Is not only a girl butThis is also a talking fish bone." Gobber then tried to help by saying "You're thinking about this all wrong. It's not so much what you look like or even the fact your a girl. It's what's inside that he can't stand." I did say tried right I then gave him a deadpanned stare that said was that spoked to help then said sarcasticly  "Thank you, for summing that up. "We then reach the doorway. GOBBESAYS then   " Look, the point is, stop trying so hard to be something you're not." I SIGHS heavily. " I just want to be one of you guys." Gobber eyes me sympathetically. I then turn and go through the front door. And straight out the back door. I hurryoff into the woods, determined.