
Keira swallowed hard but kept her face calm as she faced the Costa Rican President.
"Mr. Segura..." she said through her teeth.
"Oh come now, how many times have I asked you to call me Mateo, all my friends do." he said giving a charming smile.
Keira scowled. "We're not friends." she said. "What are you doing in my house? And what did you do to my dog?"
"Like I said, she's just sleeping. She didn't exactly give us a warm welcoming."
"I wonder why." Keira said hotly. "I'll ask one more time, what are you doing here?"
"Well, your son invited me."
Keira saw other guards of Segura exiting out the rooms, she was surrounded.
"Excuse me?"
"Your son, Theo, he told us to come here."
"No," she shook her head. "He wouldn't do that."
"Oh he wouldn't? So he didn't send me countless emails providing so much information-"
Keira reared her arm back before punching the man in the face. The guards grabbed her roughly holding her to the ground.
"You son of a bitch! He's not even an adult! We told you there was no deal."
Mr. Segura wiped his mouth of the blood dripping out.
"Seems I don't need your permission anymore Mrs. Grady. Your son has given us all the information we need. We just need the equipment."
She struggled under the guards hold.
"You honestly think you can waltz in here just like that?" she growled."You don't know what you're getting into."
"Oh I think I do, Mrs. Grady. You don't know a lot about me, but I know a lot about you." he smiled.
"What's that supposed to mean?

"Theo!" Owen grabbed his son by the shirt as Theo attempted to walk away. "What did you do?!"
Theo glared at him.
"I want the world to be a better place Dad. I want to leave my mark on the world just like you and Mom, and Grandpa and Grandma did."
"Son, we didn't go out looking to change the world. Things happened the way they did naturally. And they will do the same for you. But right now, I need to know what you did."
"I contacted President Segura after he left."
"What?! How?"
"He emailed Mom, asking her to reconsider the offer."
"What did you tell him Theo?"
Theo looked away.
"Theo!"
"I told him about the genetics of the dinosaurs. How we create them here and take care of them. Gray told me all I needed to know."
Theo watched as his father's eyes looked at him as though he were a monster. "Theo," he said softly, "how could you?"
"If people could sustain themselves and their families, why not?" he asked.
"Theo, you don't know this man. You don't know anything about him. How do you know he didn't tell you what you wanted to hear?"
Theo opened his mouth to respond but he fell silent.
"He's a politician, Theo. They could tell you anything to get your support, it doesn't mean that they'll do it."