
Xenjain Republic (head of the east Asia branch)
Avoil (head of the South America Branch)
Major Leaders/characters :
Chairmen Adrian Diaz: the leader of the Coalition, alongside his post-Chairmen his niece Ava.
Princes Marina Ismail: leader of Azadistan
Neo Dion: leader of the Congo
Princess Mary Ado: leader of Ion
Prime Minister Chou Cong: leader of Xenjain
President Harry Diann : leader of Avoil
Corporal Mali Di Do: a Kurdish Coalition officer, and head of the Coalitions occupation forces in Azadistan.
Colonel Li Wou: a Xenjain soldier, who leads a squadron of C-403 Dragon anti-Naval MS.
Sargent Zoey Kane: a Avoilian soldier, who leads a unit of C-5559 Gladiators.
Mobile Suits:
C-402: a crude but durable MS fighter, used by Azadistan and Xenjain as part of their air corp, it is armed with a single 200 x 25 mm smoothbore cannon, and carries bombs and rockets.
C-403: nicknamed a dragon by foes, it is a upgraded C-402 and modified for variant mode, it is a torpedo bomber, equip with duel anti-naval rapid fire flank cannons,  depth charges and torpedoes  and sonar buoys.
C-403d: a upgraded version of the Dragon, which can transform into a super sonic fighter jet, and ground MS.
C-459: The centurion is a melee unit, armed with a E-blade,and E-shield .
C-555:  nicknamed Gladiator a upgraded version of the Centurion, it is faster, and more agile than its cousin, armed with a smaller smoothbore cannon, and a pump action shotgun, it is also equipped with remote detonate landmines.
C-666a: The Vulture, the main MS for ground operations, equipped with a submachine gun, cannon, missile pad, and grenades.
C-777: a artillery unit developed for long range attacks, they're at least 50 variations of the triple 7, including the Lancer, Demolish , Wrecking Ball, Trojan, Titian, and Boomer.
C-10: "Tact" a mobile suit built for and used mainly by Azadistan and Xenjain.
Support units:
F-888 (heavy fighter)
CAF: Coalition Armed Forces, made up of members from across the Coalition they come from different nations and cultures, some member states like Azadistan and Xenjain keep their original armed forces,   and work with the Coalition Military command.
CDF: Coalition Defensive Forces, militias made up of civilians trained by the main branch of the military.
Tanks
jeeps
APCs
AMSC: Anti Mobile Suit Carriers, are upgraded APC's armed with anti MS weapons
landing craft
navy vessels
AAT: Anti-Air Tanks

