

"Your mother and I want to keep you safe Theo."
"I know."
"And we can't do that if you hide things from us."
"What am I hiding?"
"You tell me."

Keira shook off Claire's words as she headed back to the Bungalow for the day. She stepped out of her car when her phone went off.
"Hello?"
"Hi!" Ellie greeted.
"Hi Mom."
"How are you sweets?"
"I'm alright. Just calling it a day actually. How are you?"
"Oh fine. I'm on the computer trying to look up things to do when you retire."
"That bored, huh?"
"Nothing compares to a new dig site." Ellie sighed.
"You and Dad are going to end up going crazy." she laughed.
"It's too late for your father I'm afraid."
"I heard that." Alan's voice came in the background.
"Anyways, how's things going with Theo?" she asked with slight concern.
"We went through his laptop."
"Oh...and?"
"And we didn't find anything."
"That's a good thing, right?"
"We didn't find anything because he didn't want us to find anything Mom."
"I see."
"He's deleted emails and he's been sneaking around the island and the house."
"That doesn't sound like Theo."
"That's why I'm worried."
"Well, I'm sure and Owen will figure things out. You always do. Parenthood is no easy task...your father went grey early for a reason."
"HEY!" Alan and Keira said simultaneously.
"I love you sweetheart."
"I love you too Mom." Keira said as she entered the Bungalow.

"Theo I don't know what idea you have in your head, but it's not a good one."
"You have no faith in me."
"I do have faith in you son, but if it's something you have to hide from your mom, myself and everyone else on this island then I can only assume it isn't good."
"Just because you don't find it ideal doesn't mean it isn't good."
Owen's face drained of colour. "Theo, what did you do?"
"I did the right thing." he said. "I'm going to help the world."

Lowery was sitting at the computer looking over the island map when something showed up on the radar in the distance.
"Hey, Kevin, radio in that boat for me please."
Kevin nodded and called in the boat.