
The time in the lab seemed to stop. Claire looked on nervously at Keira and Owen. Keira just stood in shock and Owen looked like he'd smack the living hell out of President Segura.
"Let me get this straight," Owen said resting both hands on a table before him to restrain himself going across in rage. "You came here, to a sanctuary to ask us to provide you with dinosaur meat?!"
"Yes." President Segura nodded calmly.
"You can't be serious?" Keira said. "We do not breed these dinosaurs to be slaughtered!"
"Not these ones, but new ones. You said they grow fast, you can breed separate ones."
Keira just looked on in horror. "No." she said. "These were extinct animals..."
"Keyword, were." Segura pointed out. "I understand you are personally attached to the ones here on the island. But perhaps we can use the other island specifically for the breeding of consumable dinosaurs."
"Consumable dino..." Owen couldn't even finish his sentence as he shook with anger.
"With all due respect," Keira began, " we have created the majority of dinosaurs in a lab, and the ones you're talking about will be lab created due to timing. You don't know the side effects of any of that and you're willing to feed people that?"
"So we'll run a few human trials, it's not a big deal." he said. "You two are missing the big picture here, because Costa Rica will be the only export, the economy for the island will boost dramatically. The dinosaur meat will be cheap because there will be mass quantities just from one dinosaur. Poverty will vanish overnight."

Theo sat there listening to the reasoning of the president, if anything it sounded logical to him but his parents weren't listening to a single word. If dinosaurs could end hunger and boost an economy, what was the problem behind it.
"Mr. Segura, we're going to ask you to kindly leave this island, right now." Keira said.
Segura's face dropped. "What?"
"We have no interest selling dinosaur meat on the market." Owen added. "There's no deal."
"After all the Costa Rican government has done to assist you..." Segura raised a brow.
"It's not like you did it out of the kindness of your heart....you were paid." Owen pointed out.
Segura's face darkened for a moment. "Well, I guess that's it then. No deal?"
"No deal." Keira and Owen said together.

"Ma, I don't understand what the big deal is." Theo said as he walked with his mother in the plains.
"About?" she asked.
"The whole selling dinosaur meat. It sounded like a good idea."
His mother flinched at the thought before looking over at him.
"Honey," she began, "I know it sounded like President Segura had the best intentions but I assure you he didn't."
"How could you even tell, you guys don't know him."
"When you've been around this world for as long as your father and I have been, trust me you'll know." she said.
"What could go wrong!?" Theo asked irritated at his mother's know it all tone.
"A lot of things Theo."
"I just think you and Dad are paranoid over the island and new people because of the past."