
Theo walked in on his parents eating chicken noodle soup in the kitchen when he returned home that evening from eating at the cafe with Zach and Doug.
"Have a nice dinner?" Keira asked him.
"Yeah, we had steak."
"Aww man." Owen said with a pout. Keira patted her husband's shoulder comfortingly.
"I like steak." Owen said.
Theo chuckled before sitting on the couch. Rex jumped up into his lap and curled up into a ball instantly.
He watched the television while half-listening to his parent's conversation about the raptor's pack work. He suddenly saw their pictures appear on the screen.
"Hey guys,  you're on T.V." he said sitting up and grabbing the remote making the volume higher.
Owen and Keira arose and walked over. They watched the screen as the news anchor spoke rapidly in Spanish.
"You would think by now we would have learned Spanish." Owen whispered to her.
"We tried." she shrugged.
"They are talking about the sanctuary."  Theo said. "And the dinosaur research."
"Our son can speak Spanish?" Owen asked Keira. She rolled her eyes with a smirk before smacking his chest and sitting down beside Theo.
A man appeared on the screen talking to a news reporter. The family recognized him as the newest President of Costa Rica, Mateo Segura.
"What's he going on about?"
"He's talking about working out a deal with the island with the research. Probably looking into funding some stuff." Theo told them.
He watched his parents exchange careful glances with each other.
"He looks like a nice guy." Theo said.
"All politicians look nice." Owen said. "It's how they get the votes. They pick out their smiles and suits for the day and waltz out to give speeches and kiss babies."
"Let's just be rational." Keira said to him. "We don't know what they're looking at."
"Has anyone ever come to us with a positive offer?" Owen reminded her.
Keira didn't answer.
"Exactly."

Theo was sprawled out on his bed asleep with Rex resting by his head when he was startled awake by the squeal. He lifted his head and groaned as he pushed himself out of bed. He shuffled his way out of his bedroom to see his father attempting to quiet down his mother who was jumping up and down clutching her radio happily.
"What's going on?" he asked with a yawn.
"Theo!" she said before holding onto him tightly.
"Ma!" he squeaked from her strong grip. He looked to his father for some assistance.
"Okay, easy Lenny," Owen said pulling his wife away.
"Seriously what's happening?"
"We have a few natural hatchlings in the stegosaurus herd." his father told him.
Theo grinned at his mother's excitement. A natural hatching was what his mother looked forward to the most. When most of the males being sterile in the beginning of the sanctuary, it meant things were moving on the right path.
"Do you want to come with me?" she asked him. Theo couldn't refuse his mother's request seeing a spark in her eyes.