
I stopped and got underneath my covers I closed my eyes and fell asleep. I woke up it was surprisingly the next day. I got up wiping my drool of my face, and walked out. I noticed the math teacher talking to Sherry, along with the principal and Calum... Oh great. Sly was there as well yay. I didn't want Calum to see me so I went back into my room and closed my door ignoring how loud it was I fell onto my bed again and curled up into a ball. I heard them talking and waking up the steps. Oh shit. I flattened my ears and my tail went back to hiding underneath my tank. I heard the door open and multiple people invade my private domain. I heard Sherry walk to me she tapped my arm. "Danika we need you awake" she said softly I sat up and turned to them rubbing my eyes. I seen Sly and smiled at him nodding to him the turned to the principle.
"We were wondering why you ran off from school yesterday" he said I but my bottom lip wondering what story to make up. But decided to tell the truth "I couldn't breathe... I needed some air" I replied "but you could've told us and ask to be escorted out of the building you didn't need to run off you could've stayed..." He said irritated. "Listen man I have Anxiety I'm not used to being around a bunch of people I hate people who I don't know staring at me" I say. "Oh yeah I forgot she had anxiety she never really showed it." Sherry said. "But your her parent you're supposed to know that!" The principle said angrily I glared at him for yelling at her. "She's not my mom! She's a friend of my mom! She just takes care of me because my moms dead so back the fuck off her dick asshole!" I say getting angry and letting it control me.
He glared back at me he walked closer his face now inches from mine. "You wanna get expelled?" He growled I felt the urge to hiss back but I only glared. He took his previous position and glared at Sherry. "sors!" I say angrily my French accent extremely noticeable he looked to me his eyebrow raised. Sherry looked to me she had a concerned look as she turned to me. "Means get out" I say glaring him
|Until The Next Chapter!|•-•