
"You plan on hiding out here all day?" Keira asked Owen as she walked into the raptor paddock that morning. She had awoken to find him out of the Bungalow already.
"Just until he leaves."
"You expect me to face him alone? What happened to doing everything together?"
"You don't have to go. We'll stay right here and let Claire handle it."
"Do you really want Claire in charge of things?"
Owen thought for a moment. "On second thought..."
She grinned as rubbed his thumb in circles over her thigh.
"I don't understand why people can't take a hint and just leave the island alone." he sighed. Keira went to respond when she heard a little screech. She peered down and saw a young raptor walking around.
"Awww look at you!" she said standing up. "Goodness, she looks just like her mother."
"They always do, Blue's genetics run strong apparently."
The young raptor was a lighter blue than her mother with a hint of green from her father. Keira grabbed a rat and tossed it in before Owen could stop her.
"You're going to spoil them." Owen whined.
"But look at that face!"
Barry chuckled coming into the scene walking over.
"Keira will spoil generations of dinosaurs."


Several workers were working on upgrading the filter system of the Mosasaurus tank when they heard a helicopter going overhead. On the opposite side of the sanctuary, Owen and Keira stood with Claire on the helicopter pad awaiting the arrival of President Segura.
"The minute he starts a sales pitch...I'm making like a banana and splitting." Owen crossed his arms.
"Make like a tree and leave." Keira added.
Claire rolled her eyes at the two. "Owen, would you just be reasonable?"
"No." Owen said plainly. "She's the reasonable one." he pointed to Keira. "I'm the kick ass guy ready to spring into action.
"Ugh." Claire groaned. "Why did I stay here again?" she muttered.
"Because you would miss us too much!" Keira said hugging her side.
"Not to mention your boyfriend." Owen added. Claire flushed red.
Before she could retort the helicopter was in sight ready to land.

The helicopter landed on the pad causing the air to whip around before the engine was cut off. A moment later, two men jumped out before another men with a familiar face stepped out. They recognized the man from the television screen. President Mateo Segura.
"President Segura, welcome!" Claire greeted him stretching out her hand. The two bodyguards blocked her way.
"Stand back gentlemen, it's okay." President Segura said. The men exchanged glances before stepping away. President Segura shook her hand.
"You are..."
"Claire Dearing."
"Ah yes, we spoke on the phone."
"Right and this is-"
"Owen and Keira Grady." he smiled at them. Keira smiled before stepping forward pulling Owen with her.