
"Nobody will get hurt right?"
"As long as everyone cooperates, everything will be fine."

The sanctuary was quiet that morning, Theo arose and went to leave the Bungalow but as he opened his door, Owen was standing there with his arms crossed.
"Going somewhere?" he asked.
Theo paused. "Uh just going off to do some school work." he said walking past him.
"It's Saturday."
"I like to learn."
"Then come with me."
"Where to?"
"The raptor paddock, you'll get some learning experiences, hands on."
Theo swallowed. "A-alright."

Barry watched as the Grady men arrived to the paddock.
"You finally show your face around here." Barry said ruffling Theo's hair.
"Just thought we'd have some father and son time." Owen said directing Theo forward.
"Enjoy." Barry grinned before leaving the paddock.
Theo stood nervously behind his father as Owen leaned on the walkway railing looking out at the enclosure. He stood strongly, he could definitely see why people called him Alpha sometimes on the island.
"You know when you were born, I promised something to you. The same thing I promised your mother years ago." he said.
"What's that?"
"That I would keep you safe. I would do anything to keep the both of you safe."
Theo furrowed his brow. "Safe? Safe from what?"
"From anything that posed a threat. "

Zach and Keira were in the infirmary with a gallimimus with a broken leg when Claire walked in.
"What happened here?"
"Little guy got overzealous, pissed off a few triceratops, they reacted." Zach said.
"Natural consequences." Keira shrugged.
Claire shook her head. "What's this I hear about your son acting up?" she asked.
Lowery walked in. "Lowery!" Keira said with her hands on her hips.
"I'm sorry?" he said.
"He lives with me, we're bound to talk about things Keira."
"Well, we don't need everyone knowing about my son's problems right now. We're working on it."
"What's his deal?"
"I don't know. He's being weird."
"Is that like normal for a teenager?"
"I don't know," Keira said. "He's my first! And it's not like I had a normal childhood to compare to."
"I think you two are worried about nothing. He's probably just looking at some porn-"
Keira covered her ears. "LA, LA,LA!"
"Jesus," Claire muttered. "You're a parent!"
"I know that! I don't need to think of my son getting in touch with himself literally."
"What did you expect? Do you remember who his father is? The king of perverted comments." Claire said. "He might have picked up more than his green eyes."