
I stood up, mind over matter method, I thought and repeated 'It doesn't hurt' tons of time in my head and I lashed out at the man. I sunk my claws into the mans flesh and dragged my hand across his face hope screamed. I gouged his eyes out. Then opened Sly's door he laughed "Ewww...." He said after he was done we then ran out of there.
Dodging bullets like badasses and killing people with claws like a assassin. We were on top of the roof panting he smiled, and gave me a high five. "You're awesome!" He said smiling at me. "I tried to escape before didn't work out so good.... How did his whips not Hurt after awhile?" He asked "Mind Over Matter" I say nodding. He smirked "you have an awesome mind mine can't think like that well it can but it doesn't work for me" he said nodding.
I spotted a four wheeler below us we jumped down quietly, and made tons of loud noises as we started up the four wheeler. Like screaming people ran toward us but we drove off. I didn't bring it to my house but I brought it somewhere else near my house because I sensed a tracker was in it. I got to my front door and opened it. There was Sherry crying she looked to me noticing my wounds she ran to me and hugged me.
"I'm sorry I should've drove you to dunkin donuts oh my god what kind of friend am I letting you go out when there dangerous people around, your mom would never forgive me!" She said hugging me tightly. "Sherry it's not about that what matter most is that you're safe from them we're safe for now.... They don't know where we live." I say. She released me and looked to Sly giving a cautious glare at him.
"He's a hybrid as well he was in a cage just like me I helped him out of it, he's trustworthy" Sherry shrugged "I'll believe you Dani what can you do he already knows where we live..." She said. "I'm gonna go to my house now" he said leaving but turned to me just as he was about to walk out the door. "See you in school?" He asked I raised an eyebrow "how do you know if we're going to the same school together?" I asked.
"Don't worry about it I'll explain later see ya Danika!" He said walking off. I shrugged and went to my room I looked in the mirror at my ears and wiggled them laughing to myself. I stopped admiring my beautiful face, and hopped in the shower. Once I was done I put on some Loki themed pajamas and dreamt about my Mint Hot Chocolate... For whatever reason.
|Until The Next Chapter|•-•