

"Back again?" Gray asked as Theo walked into the lab. "I haven't seen you show any interest in the genetics before."
Theo shrugged. "Are you complaining? Don't you like explaining this stuff?"
Gray smiled. "No, I'm not complaining. Come on over here. I'll show you some of the equipment more in depth."
Theo followed Gray around.
"This machine right here is used to rotate our eggs during the incubation period and during hatching. They're pretty new, we just upgraded and swapped out all our old stuff. To think back when this place was the first park, they used Mitsubishi Movemaster RV-M2 's to do all that. Now, we can do everything even quicker and more efficient than before."
"So how long does it take eggs to hatch?" he asked.
"Well," Gray began sitting in front of one of the nests, "it depends on the species of dinosaur we're looking at. It normal respects, it takes our smaller species eggs about forty to forty-five days to hatch naturally. Our bigger guys, you're looking at roughly eighty days. But this is all if they are in a real nest. Right here in the lab, we've cut most of those times in half in a lot of species."
"So you go from waiting almost three months to only a month and a half with the larger dinosaurs?"
"That's right. Crazy isn't it?"
Theo watched the machine rotate an egg before him. "Yeah, it's crazy."

Keira laid on her stomach looking out at the baby stegosaurus that were moving around a little ways from the herd. They were rolling around in the sun light letting out happy grunts.
"Mom!" She heard Theo's call. She sat up a little ways and waved her arms signaling him over. He ran over as she laid back down. Theo sat beside her.
"Are those the babies?" he asked her.
"Yes, they are. They're growing up quickly."
"Yeah they are."
He saw one of the adults walk over with some leaves placing it down before them.
"It's so beautiful to watch them." Keira said. " To observe them in their natural state. People have no idea what they miss out on. To think, so many people still think these are just dumb animals who have no thought process and attack at any given moment. But it's not like that at all. From the moment they are born, they open their eyes searching for someone. Someone for guidance. Whether they are a carnivore or herbivore, it's just remarkable to watch."
Theo watched as the young stegosaurus began to eat. The adult with the youngsters looked over at them and curled it's tail protectively around the young. Theo swallowed before breaking eye contact. His mom rubbed his back with a smile.
"Come on, we should head on home. Your dad is cooking tonight."