
I walked out and opened Eddies van and set them carefully in the back seat not the trunk. I closed it and locked it. I walked back inside and bumped into Calum. I smiled "hey dude" I say behind him were his friend four of them. I noticed Michael and smiled to him. "What are you doing here? " Calum asked "Just hanging out with Eddie and his friend." I say nodding. He introduced me to his friends; One named Andy Biersack ,had black hair which was shaved at the sides he had long hair in the middle which he brushed to the right, blue eyes, wore a black leather vest, underneath a white tank, he had tattoos on his arms and neck, wore black jeans, he had a lip piercing, and black converse high tops.
One was named Luke Hemmings, had brown hair with gold ends on the front part of his hair, it wasn't shaved but styled upwards like Zayn's hair except Luke's looked more faux hawk-ish, he had blue eyes, wore a black shirt, and black jeans. One named Ashton he had slightly curly hair dirty blonde, had blue eyes , wore a black bandana, white shirt and denim colored jeans.Michael had messy hair colored blue, blue eyes, wore red and black plaid shirt, and black pants. As for Calum, he had brown eyes, dark brown hair, he wore a black tank, had a couple tattoos on his arms, and wore black pants. They all wore black Andy especially.
I smiled and introduced myself. Soon I seen Eddie behind them running toward me I smiled at him. He then hugged me almost making me fall over. He pulled apart and smiled at them "hey Calum!" He said cheerfully as he wrapped his arm around my shoulder. He looked to me "did you even buy anything Dani?" He asked. I smiled shyly because all of them were staring at me. "No shit" I say looking up at him. He laughed then I noticed Aleks running toward us. "Shit!" Eddie said running out I looked to Aleks my eyebrow raised. He laughed at my expression "Aleksandr Vitalyevich Marchant the third! Explain this instant mister" I say crossing my arms he laughed and grabbed my arm pulling me along. I waved to Calum and his friends as I followed Aleks to the car. I noticed Eddie trying to open the car. Up I unlocked them and threw him the keys he looked at me questioningly. Calum and his friend were indeed leaving they seen us. "How did you get my keys?" He asked I smirked as I opened the passenger seat. "Dani?.." I laughed "I have my ways Edwin Cardona Jr. I have my ways...." I replied he giggled and popped the trunk loading his shit in the back with Aleks, Aleks noticed my instruments and smiled at me. "I never knew you play instruments... What are they?' He asked as Eddie drove us home. "I bought a Cello and a Violin" I say. "Can't wait for my ears to bleed!" he said sarcastically. I laughed at that.
|Until Next Chapter|•-•