
(Danika)
I yawned loudly and got out of my covers. I stood by my bedside for a while looking at the bathroom door before walking in. I stripped my clothes off and turned on the warm water. I jumped in letting the water soak my hair. I cleaned my hair with shampoo then put in a bit of conditioner. I stepped out and the mirror was fogged up, like always.
I put on some black skinny jeans and a tank top which had a picture of one of my favorite villains The Joker. Underneath the design it said 'Why So Serious?' In blood red letters. I put on my black leather jacket and pulled on my snap back. Throwing on my kicks. Then put on my gold necklace which had a mini Eiffel Tower on it, and a silver necklace with a heart, I wore a bracelet which was like my golden necklace one one each arm along with bracelets that looked like my silver necklace one on each arm.
I walked out and grabbed my replacement phone Sherry bought for me yesterday using my back up storage from the PC and in to my new phone. She then made me pancakes for breakfast along with scrambled eggs and bacon. "Well time to see what your first day of school is like..." Sherry said.the drive there was fun like every other drive we always sing song together and stuff like that Sherry said that if my mom would've survived that day she would be singing the loudest out of all of us.
I sighed as we pulled up to the schools parking lot everyone else except for the rich 16+ year olds, rode the bus or walked to school I wasn't rich but Sherry knew I wouldn't like riding the bus so she chose to drive me to school this whole year but you know if she has to get up early and go to work more often it might not always be like that.
My heart was pounding I subconsciously rubbed my knuckles against my jaw. I stepped out of her car shutting the door behind me. She pulled out of the parking lot leaving me all alone.... Well not really but I felt lonely. I sighed as I started to walk forward into what I pictured to be hell. Tons of kids ran to the entrance I let them pass and waited until they were all pass. I was about to enter when I noticed a group of five boys were coming toward the entrance behind them came a group of three girls. I opened the door for them, and they walked pass, then came the girls.
"What do you think you're doing tryna to help me like I'm some crippled person? Fuck off I can literally buy you!" She said her squad members behind her laughing. I gave a hysterical laugh and walked in closing it all the way behind me locking it afterwards. I walked to home room, when I entered there was tons of laughter that blasted my way. I noticed our home room teacher making silly faces which didn't humor me. I took a seat everyone staring at me. When I noticed that my heart pounded louder and faster.
My hands started to shake slightly, but I acted normal like nothing bothered me. "What?" I asked not realizing how quiet I said it. The looked at me with raised eyebrows. Oh god this is awkward. "What's your name?" Asked the teacher. I swallowed. Oh that's what they wanted. "Danika Skretzy" I said taking a short shaken breath. She noticed that but ignored it. "Danika Skretzy... How odd" she said turning and walking to her desk. When she said that everyone laughed. "Nice to meet you Danika!" Said a boy next to me. I bit on the end of my sleeve pulling it down as if I were playing tug a war with myself.
She started classes and gave us assignment sheets. I kept to myself while others talked loudly and messed around. I put on my headphones turning them up to half of its max volume. I bobbed my head subconsciously listening to Perfect Weapon by Black Veil Brides. I really wanted to sing but I some how held the urge back. But then I lost control and sang quietly. I finished my work and brought it up to the desk. The teacher looked up trying to say something but I wasn't listening I didn't even bother trying to read her lips I ignored her, how could she not tell that I was listening to music I have headphones not earbuds.
I walked to my desk, leaned back in my chair and put my feet on top of my desk , looking up to the ceiling and started to sing the lyrics quietly but ended up zoning out. I finished my work before everyone and I still had half an hour left. The bell rang and most people weren't even done yet. I walked out and switched the song to This I Promise You (not the original but the cover by Chester See).