
"It's nice to meet you Mr. President."
"Oh the pleasure is all mine, Mrs. Grady." Segura smiled before taking her hand and kissing it. "And please, call me Mateo."
Owen stepped forward clearing his throat.
"Ah, Mr. Grady." President Segura greeted him shaking his hand. He stood in front of the two with a smile.
"The two legends." he said.
Owen made a face before Keira squeezed his hand.
"You two are probably wondering why I'm here."
"Sure." Owen said.
Claire smacked her forehead.
"Well, I've heard so much about this place, I've always wanted to see it in person. Would you mind if we see the dinosaurs and the research labs?"
Owen went to protest but Claire quickly stepped on his foot with her heel to shut him up.
"Follow me, Mr. Segura." she said leading the way. Keira held onto Owen's shoulder as he cursed under his breath. Claire looked over her shoulder at them mouthing all sorts of obscenities.
"I don't like this."
"I know." Keira said. "I don't have a good feeling about this either."

The group stepped out of the two vehicles as they arrived to the plains to observe some of the herds. Keira led the way in.
"Look at all of them." Mr. Segura said. "There must be hundreds."
"There is!" Claire said with a smile.
Keira and Owen didn't share in the same enthusiasm.
"How old is that one?" he pointed to a juvenile Apatosaurus that was rubbing it's neck against a tree.
"She's under a year.' Keira said.
"Not even a year and that big?"
"Apatosaurus's are one of fastest growing dinosaurs."
"Remarkable."

Theo was sitting in the laboratory as Gray was looking at a slide under the microscope. He picked up a flask and sniffed it before placing it down gagging.
"What is that?" he asked.
"A urine sample from a triceratops, we assume to be pregnant."
"Ew." Theo grimaced turning away.
"Never smell something in a lab if it isn't labeled."
He chuckled when he saw his parents walking behind a man who was besides Claire.
"It's President Segura, he's here." Theo said to Gray. Gray looked over before they entered the lab. Theo could see the irritation on his father's face.
Claire walked the president around the lab.
"And who are these young men?" Mr. Segura smiled at them.
"This is Gray, my nephew, he's one of our lead geneticist. And this is-"
"My son." Owen said.

Keira had to hide her smirk as Owen had his chest puffed out as Segura stood near Theo who arose and introduced himself.
"Your son, I can definitely see it." Segura said. "You look like your father." he told Theo.