
(Danika)
I woke up rubbing my eyes with my hands giving a small yawn as I stretched. I brushed some hair strands away from my face and looked out my window. The greenery outside was beautiful. Too bad we had to be out of here today. My tailed waving as I looked outside observing the scenery.
"Danika?" My mom asked her beautiful Latina accent made me happy hearing her was a delight she was my mom and I loved her. She hugged and smiled. "It's time for a shower mija (baby girl)" she said "today we have to move to America" she finished I smiled at her and wiggled my ears at her she smiled and petted them I purred she smiled then left me alone. I got into the shower turning it on and washing my long hair.
I walked out and put on some clothes, the finishing touch was my beanie to hide my ears I flattened them so there wouldn't be any suspicious lumps underneath my hat. I tucked my tail and walked outside my mom had already loaded up the car with our bags. I got in and she buckled my seat belt and ruffled my hair fixing my beanie into place a while after. Her boyfriend Jeremy sat in the passenger seat. She got in the front seat and drove, she was driving to the airport I watch as my home seemed to fly past my window for one last time.
I heard a car driving behind us but the only reason I picked up the sound was because it was suspicious. I heard the sound of a pistol click into place. Then a bullet being shot it hit our tires and my mom lost control of her own vehicle.
Our car crashed into the ditch and people got out of the van that shot at us. My mom looked dead and so did Jeremy my heart pounded. I unbuckled my seat belt. I crawled and grabbed the bag which was filled with my clothes I crawled out through the back so the wouldn't see me.
They looked at my mom then Jeremy then checked the backseat for me. I ran off not wasting my time to grieve for my mother. I ran through an alley splashing puddles as I went. The men and women who were after me and my parents shouted multiple things in French. Yes I was in France.
My biological father is French my mom moved here with him then had me then he died then she dated Jeremy and others before him but Jeremy's the one my mom stayed with even though he hurt us, even though he made mommy scar herself, even though he scarred me and beat us. He stayed because he wanted to for some reason.
I took the route my mommy made me memorize and went to her assistant Sherry, Sherry's a nice lady she always treated me nice, she babied me because she seen the scars Anthony made along with the bruises , the broken limbs and all.
She almost called the cops but Jeremy forced her not to. I knocked on the door four times because that was the signal I would give her if me and my mommy were in danger with the men who wanted to take me.
She opened the door and pulled me in locking it behind her, and I told her what happened to mommy not caring about Jeremy. She had tears running down her face and she hugged me. "Let's get you out of this country." She whispered. I nodded and she grabbed her bag that she prepared a long time ago but every time her sizes change she loads it with clothes her size.
|Until Next Chapter!|•-•