
I heard a loud knock on the door. "Hazel, get in your nice clothes! We're going to meet the pack!" Mom yelled through the door. "I don't want to!" I yelled back. "Hazel. And daughter of an Alpha you will join us to the meeting!" She used her Alpha tone on me.
I got up and cursed silently and put some decent clothes on (denim jeans with a white top on and red checkered top over top and black converse) and brushed the birds nest of my hair.
As being only child, things had their ups and downs. The up side, I'm going to be alpha. Down side, you have every boy hitting on you so they can be the alpha as well. Trust me, most of these guys are jerks.
I finally brushed my hair till there was no knot found, and left it in its naturally wavy state. I looked at myself in the mirror. I was still the same me. Rusty coloured hair, Hazel green eyes, pale, and not to say tall, skinny and small boobs. Oh what a shocker. Every one expects the Alpha's daughter to be hot or cute but then there's me. I put on my thick rimmed glasses and walked out.
"Take those glasses off! You look silly!" My Dad, or should I say, Alpha said. "Dad I needs these to see," I replied "But every fox has good eye sight! Never the less a smart and cunning brain!" He chuckled away at himself.
One thing you may not have noticed, we shift into Foxes. Yes, there are other packs that can shift into Lions, Wolves, Cheetahs, Gorillas, you name it. Tonight I'm going to a meeting with the Wolves, apparently something's messed up with the borders. I dunno, I'm not Alpha... yet.
"Hey Hazel!" Connor, the player and asshole of our pack. "Free tomorrow night?" Unfortunately he is coming to the meeting as well. "Actually I have better things to do," I tucked my hair behind my ears.
"Like?" He pressed on. "Like Alpha duties," I replied, and looked at a big book case. Meetings can be boring. "What Alpha duties are there for you to do? You never know, I can help you," he lightly placed his hands on my waist, standing behind me.
"Oh I dunno, I think this would be to hard for you," I said as I elbowed him to the guts. He coughed once or twice. "Good point," he coughed again and left me alone. Game of Thrones? Why not. I pulled the thick but small book out and smiled.
"Hazel! Time to go!" Mom yelled and opened the door. I walked through and set sights on my Dads new car. "Oh you didn't!" I cried out. "Yes I brought a silver Land Rover!" Dad pranced around it and opened it up. "Hop in!"
"I sorta can't hop into a car Dad," I retorted as I got in. "Why does our daughter have to be so smart?" Mom asked Dad. "Because she's our daughter," Dad answered. I sighed and opened the book and shut out my parents quarreling.
BranThe morning had dawned clear and cold...
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"We're here!" Mum whooped. Page 106, I told myself to remember. Trust me I'm a fast reader. I got out of the car and looked at the Japanese restaurant in front of me. "We're meeting the pack here?" I asked. "Yea! You know you love sushi!" Dad said with a grin. I took my book in with me and followed my parents to a big reserved booth already half full.
"Hey it's Fox Alpha!" One of the people sneered. The table laughed. "Hey it's Shit Alpha!" Dad retorted, and the table was suddenly quiet again. "Yea that's what I thought."
I sat down next to apparently the packs Alpha son and continued reading my book. I was lost in the words until I was interrupted by a cough, obviously fake to get my attention. "Yes what is it?" I asked, not looking from the book. "Uh, my names Carl and uh, I'm the packs Alpha son. You are..?"
I looked up into dark blue eyes. "Hazel, Alpha daughter," I replied. Carl smiled. He had dark brown hair that covered his forehead and touched his eyelashes.