
Keira hit the call button on the Skype app calling her parents on her tablet as she sat on the bed. Both Theo and Owen were out of the house. Theo wasn't really speaking to either one of them since his little spat in the plains.
"Hello, hello." She smiled as her father appeared on the screen.
"Hi Dad."
"Hi sweetheart." Alan said with a smile. He was losing more and more of his current white hair. "How are you?"
"I'm okay." she said.
"Something wrong?"
"How can you always tell?" she asked.
"I'm your father, it's in the job description."
She giggled.
"Go on, tell me."
Keira explained President Segura's visit to the island and his proposal while petting Rex who was sleeping beside her.
"You told him to stick it..."
"Of course."
"I have a feeling there's more to this."
"It's Theo. He actually agrees with it."
"What?!" Alan said. "Is he there right now, let me talk to him."
"No Dad, he's not here and you don't have to talk to him about it. I think Theo is mesmerized by the idea of making a difference."
"Tell him to start doing his own laundry. That'll make a difference."
She shook her head with a slight laugh. "Thanks Dad."
"I know I don't need to say this but be careful sweetheart."

A couple of days later, Theo was walking back when his dad was driving away from the Bungalow in the sanctuary vehicle. He stopped beside Theo.
"Get in." he said. Theo hesitated, he hadn't really spoken to either parent since he raised his voice at his mother. He felt bad about it, but he didn't want to apologize for having a different opinion from them. He opened the door and sat in the passenger seat.
They drove in silence for a bit.
"So, you're still going to give your mother and I the silent treatment?" Owen said avoiding to approach the subject delicately.
Theo looked over at him before looking out the window. "No."
"Good," Owen said,"because it drives your mother crazy." he said.
"I'm not changing my opinion though." Theo said.
"And that is?"
"I think President Segura had a good idea."
"Ah, right... that opinion." Owen sighed. "Well, it is your opinion and you're entitled to it son." he said. "Just like how your mother and I are entitled to ours. Difference is, we win."
Theo couldn't help but chuckle at his father's goofy triumphant grin.
"So where are we going?" Theo asked.
"I have a surprise for your mother, it is our anniversary after all."
"Oh right, I forgot."
"Well, it's not a bad thing when you forget. It's a bad thing when I forget."
"What did you get her?" Theo asked as they arrived.
"Oh just a little something something."