
Keira was yanked up to her feet to be eye level with the president.
"What do you really want with the dinosaurs? Because it sure as hell isn't meat you're after, is it?"
"Clever woman, you are." Segura chuckled. "You see, I do have plans for an economic boost for my country. But it doesn't involve exporting the dinosaurs as meat, but dinosaurs in themselves. Can you imagine the market to own your own dinosaur? They could even be used in the work force to labor in the fields assisting with harvests."
"You're insane, they aren't pets nor are they farm animals." she said.
"Not yet, but we can mold them to be." he said. "You and your husband's work is world renowned. If you two can do it, others can learn. It's be a start to a whole new world."
"No, it'll be a start to the death of the world. After all these years working with dinosaurs, some of them still attack. They will never be a hundred percent safe, just like any animal. They have natural instincts."
"You allow them to have natural instincts. These would be lab raised."
"Yeah, that didn't turn out so well all the previous times." she muttered pulling her arms away from the guards. "Did you learn nothing from what has happened on the island? From the first park, to InGen."
"I learned a lot with InGen." Segura said.
She held her breath as he smiled again. "Y-y-you were with InGen?"
"Indeed I was. One of the first jobs I had. I worked under-"
"Reggie Dane."
"Brings back memories doesn't it?"
"I don't understand! Why haven't you learned from their mistakes?"
"InGen was run carelessly by Dane. He didn't think things through. He wanted dinosaurs roaming free as war machines." he said. "I want them putting there size and strength to work, actual work, not war."
"It won't work."
"If it wasn't meant to be, then why did God place them back on this Earth?"
"God didn't put them back on this Earth. A bunch of geneticists with John Hammond's fortune did!" she spat. "Dinosaurs do not adhere to our rules of society. They are animals and they are far from domestication to be running around with humans all buddy buddy. The dinosaurs here have been raised differently but just because some have accepted us as at least being able to be in their presence, doesn't mean it can't change day to day."
"Mrs. Grady, I would think you would have more faith in your work."
"I have faith in my work but I also know what the hell I'm talking about. I work with these dinosaurs day in and day out. I'm here morning til night. I know these dinosaurs, not you. My son could give you all the information you need but it'll end badly just like it always does for people who have any intentions for these dinosaurs that are different from allowing them to live the way they did 65 million years ago."
Segura shot daggers at her.
"It'll end the way it always does for you kind of people."
"And how's that?" Segura sneered.
"As a dinosaur's bowel movement the next morning." she hissed.
"I've just had enough out of you." he said. "I have a -" She kicked him in the stomach with her boot before she rammed her elbows back into the guards and darted out of the house quickly taking off into the thick brush.
Segura was helped to stand. "Find her, and kill her. Make it look like an accident."