
I walked to my next class which was Math. I felt a tap on my shoulder. I took off my earbuds and in front of me was one of the boys from the group of five I saw outside. He had his hair styled up and messy, he had stunningly beautiful brown eyes, cheekbones looking on point, and a bad boy jawline. "Are you new here?" He asked "Yeah..." I say again not noticing how quietly I spoke. I leaned in closer I leaned away from him he only chuckled and smiled at me. "What did you say?" He asked "I said yeah" I said louder this time he nodded. "My names Zayn Malik" he said holding out his hand for me to shake it. "Danika Skretzy" I say shaking his hand. He smiled as we pulled our hands apart. "I love your accent... It's beautiful to be honest... What type of accent is it?" He asked. I felt heat rising in my cheeks I hated it because it was quite obvious that I was, due to my flushed look from my panic attack. "It's French" I say getting slightly quieter but he could hear me.
He smiled "I've never been to France... I imagine it beautiful have you been to the Eiffel Tower?" He asked "yeah I lived in Paris but only for eight years" I say not knowing why I was telling him that. He smiled he opened his mouth to say something but noticed someone behind me and froze in confusion I was about to turn to see who it was but was stopped when that figure wrapped one of its arms around me and covered my eyes with the other. "Guess who!" Asked an excited voice. I smiled at that. "Sly?" I asked "Correct!" He said letting go of me. I turned to him "Told you I'd see you at school!' He said.
"Did you come late or are you in a different home room than me?" I asked "I was late" he said nodding he the looked to Zayn. "Hi my names Edwin Cardona!" He said cheerfully introducing himself. I turned to see Zayn's slightly irritated look. He nodded and introduced himself as well. "Anyway time for class" Zayn said walking off. I walked to class with Sly and we didn't have the same class sadly. I walked in they all stared but some already knew me from home room. "Your name miss?" Asked a male teacher as he stared at me making me even more uncomfortable. "Danika Skretzy" he nodded everyone from my home room laughed remembering for some reason how funny it was.
I sat down and just now noticed I was sitting by the same person who laughed at me and said hi to me in home room. He turned to me as I put on my headphones and blasted them again but he took them off and held them. "My name is Calum Hood" he said smiling. "And I don't give a shit" I mumbled taking my headphones out of his hands. "What?" He asked I gave a fake friendly smile "nothing important....like you" I say mumbling the last part. I turned and did my assignment. Finishing at the same time as Calum. We finished the worksheet first.
I was about to put on my headphones when he snatched them from me. "Hey-" he stopped me with a peck on the lips.... What the fuck? He smiled as he pulled away. "Why the fuck did you do that?" I asked he shrugged looking cheesy as fuck. I stood up and walked out of the class not really thinking about it I just did it randomly. The hallway was empty thankfully. I breathed out shakily. My heart pounding I let myself drop to the ground I needed to be cold I felt overheated I felt as if I couldn't breathe... Panic attack. Great thanks Calum you gave me a panic attack something that fucking make you panic even more when you have it.
I tried to breath but couldn't. I stood up making my way to the exit and opened input I sat down leaning against the building and trying to breath. I bit my lower lip hard and told myself I was okay over and over again trying my mind over matter method but when it comes to my anxiety it never seemed to work. I stood up and ran for what ever reason, I ran all the way home I unlocked the door with my keys I slammed the door close and locked it. I ran upstairs and plopped down on my bed wanting to breathe. I was getting extremely frustrated that I couldn't breath I pulled on my hair.