
Owen heard the gate open to the raptor paddock and looked over to see Keira walk in. He walked over to her.
"Ma'am, I'm going to have to ask you to be careful, there is something in here that bites..." he said standing before her, "and I'm not talking about a dinosaur." he whispered the last part in her ear. She grinned before he faced her.
"You ought to write a book of all those lines you have up there." she said poking his forehead.
"Oh no no, they're meant just for you." he said drawing her into a kiss. There was a screech near them.
"After all this time Blue, let it go!" Keira called to the approaching raptor.
"Yay, women still fight over me." he said.
She flicked his ear.
"What? The best one won." he said pulling down her hat playfully.
"That's better." she replied before kissing him. Owen closed his eyes as her lips molded to his. He felt pleasant shivers soar through his body.
"I spoke with our son." she said pulling away abruptly.
"I was expecting a different conversation to ensue after that." he said. "What happened there?"
"Well, I asked him if he was happy on the island and I told him, if he wasn't, that we would work to get him somewhere where he would be happy."
"You mean leaving the island?" Owen's face filled with worry as she nodded.
"What did he say?"
"He said that he didn't want to leave the island." she told him.
"Thank god." Owen said. "Could you imagine if we did? Where would we even start? Going to job interviews...what have done for work?"
"I play with baby dinosaurs!" Keira said cheerfully.
"Put that on your resume." he said. "So what's his deal? What does he want?"
"He just wants to figure out things on his own and that he was fine. "
"Do you believe him?" Owen asked her.
"I want to." Keira sighed. " I really do."
"But you don't."
She shook her head.
"Neither do I."

The parents stood in front of the laptop on the table.
"I don't know if this is right, Owen." she bit her lower lip.
"We're his parents. We have the right to know what he's up to.He's hiding things from us Keira, I know it. He is constantly on this laptop now. And I don't think he has a pen pal."
Keira exhaled. "Alright."
Owen opened it up as they sat at the table. They opened up the window on the bottom pulling it up to Theo's email.
They looked over the emails.
"There's nothing here." Owen said sitting back. Keira's eyes were glued to the screen.
"Exactly." she muttered.
"What?" he looked at her and saw the little light bulb in her head.
"Come on Velma, tell me."
"He claimed to have a pen pal but the last email in this box, is a spam message from 5 months ago." she said. "He has nothing in his trash bin or his spam box.."