
"You're awfully quiet tonight." Owen said calling Theo out at the dinner table.
"Hmm?" he looked up from his plate.Both parents were watching him.
"Are you alright?" Keira asked him with motherly concern as she reached out and pushed his hair back slightly.
Theo pulled away slightly fixing his hair. "I'm fine." he said.
"You haven't said a word." Owen eyed him.
"This wouldn't have to do with the pen pal, Doug told me about, would it?" Keira asked with a twinkle in her eye.
Theo rolled his eyes. "Thanks Doug," he muttered.
"Pen pal?" Owen asked. "Where did you find a pen pal?" he asked raising a brow. Theo could see the suspicion in his father's eyes.
"There are websites to sign up for. I just wanted to talk to someone my age is all." Theo said. "Is that okay with you guys?" he asked hotly.
Keira frowned.
"Theo, you just need to be careful with things like that. There are crazy people out there. Especially on the internet. You never know people's intentions."
"Why do you guys think everyone in the world is bad?" he asked placing his fork down letting it clatter on the plate.
"We don't." Keira said.
"Yes, you guys do. You get so worked up and you're just blinded by your prejudices." he said.
"Hey." Owen said standing up as Keira sighed. "You don't know much about this world, at least the world out there Theo."
"Yeah, and who's fault is that?" Theo growled. He pushed his chair back and left to his room slamming the door.
Owen just stood there as Keira rested her chin in her hand.
"What is up with him lately?" Owen asked.
"He's a teenager?" Keira shrugged.
"No, there's something else. Ever since President Segura came here with his little idea, Theo's been out of character."
"I think right now, Theo is trying to figure things out for himself right now."
Owen plopped down with a grunt. Keira scooted her chair closer to him.
"You know, we don't have a lot of experience raising a teenager Owen. Dinosaurs can't really express themselves..."
"Or talk back."

Theo awoke the next morning early, he walked out. His father and mother were asleep on the couch curled up into each other with Athena resting at the foot of the couch. He tiptoed passed them. Athena lifted her head watching him move around. He motioned her to keep quiet before he snuck out.
Owen opened one eye as the door closed to the Bungalow.
"What are you up to?" he said to himself.
He slowly arose making sure to not wake up his sleeping wife. They had fallen asleep last night, after they both decided they had to get to the bottom of Theo's behaviour.
"I don't know what his problem is." Owen said gruffly tightening Blue's halter. Blue screeched as his tightened it a little too tight. He sighed. "Sorry, girl." he said rubbed her face. She chirped.
"Just give him his space." Barry advised.
"I'm afraid that we gave him too much."
"You were a teenager once, weren't you?" Barry asked.