
"Those are going to scar." Keira said.
"Thank you doc." he teased.

Zach was working in the plains with Keira and Doug one afternoon as they were doing a head count of the stegosaurus herd after a nasty storm had hit the island. Keira wanted to make sure all the animals were well.
"That's all of them Chief!" Doug called to her but Keira didn't respond. 'Chief?"
The two men spotted the young woman holding her head with one head and walking with an unsteady gait.
Zach and Doug ran over to her only to catch her before she hit the ground completely.
"Chief!" Doug said tapping her face. Keira's eyes fluttered open as she looked around trying to gain back focus. She sat herself up slightly.
"You okay Keira?" Zach asked kneeling by her side.
"Yeah," she said, "I just got dizzy all of a sudden walking back over here."
"We should go to the infirmary." Doug said knowing what Owen would say if he was there.
"No," Keira shook her head. "It's probably because I'm hungry right now, I didn't get to eat breakfast before coming out here."
"Well damn Chief, let's get you some lunch then!" Doug said pulling her up to her feet. As she walked with them, she asked the men not to mention it to Owen at the fear of him overreacting. They frowned but promised.

"Quit it!" Owen said as Blue nipped at Yin for the rat. "Christ girls, just focus and you will both get a rat. We've been doing this for awhile, I would think you guys would have a handle on it by now of how this works."
The girls continued until the gate opened distracting them.
"Hey I got our new radios." Keira said from the walkway. Owen went to reply when he saw the two females had gone silent and were no longer snapping at each other. He looked back to Keira who was holding the radios.
"Put the radios down for a minute."
"Why?"
"Just do it."
She placed them down on the walkway.
"Now walk to the left." he told her. She gave him a bizarre look but continued on with his directions. Blue and Yin followed her.
"This is what they did the last time." Keira told him.
Owen dangled the rat before them but they didn't seem phased.
"New perfume?" he called up to her.
"What? No!" she said.
He watched the two sniff the air.
"Well, there is something about your scent that has their attention."
"I don't stink if that's what you're implying."
"No, honey, that's not what I was implying." he said back. Keira moved to grab her radio kneeling down but as she arose she stumbled back.
"Jesus!" Owen said before running up to the walkway. Blue let out a few calls.
"What's wrong?" he asked seeing Keira hold her head.
"It's nothing, it probably just means I'm hungry again."
"I know all about how you are when you're hungry and falling over isn't a sign."