
STOIC 'S P.O.V:
"Either we finish them or they'll finish us! It's the only way we'll be rid of them! If we find the nest and destroy it, the dragons will leave. They'll find another home." I say then sink my blade into a... LARGE NAUTICAL MAP, spread out on the table... the blade pierces the middle of an uncharted corner, swirling with painted sea monsters and dragons. I then say "One more search. Before the ice sets in." Then on of the Vikings say "Those ships never come back. " i then  say matterofactly "We're Vikings. It's an occupational hazard. Now who's with me?" I then throw up my fist. No one follows. The crowds shifts in restless silence. Head scratches. Eyes averted. I then hear a bunch of febble exudes of why they can't go like "Today's not good for me. " or"I've gotta do my axe returns. " i then say "Alright. Those who stay will look after Hicca". Hands jut into the air, volunteers galore. Enthusiastic murmurs of prep and packing fill the room. I feel a little guilty thought using my only daughter to get volunteers thoght for deadly missions then 1 viking said "To the ships! " then my brother in law SPITELOUT said   " I'm with you Stoick! "I then say (DRYLY)"That's more like it." The Vikings rush for the door, leaving Gobber and me alone. Gobber gulps back the contents of his tankard attachment and scrapes back the bench.then tells me "I'll pack my undies." I then think 'him and his undies'
I then say "No, I need you to stay and train some new recruits." Then GOBBER says "Oh, perfect. And while I'm busy, Hicca can cover the stall. Molten steel, razor sharp blades, lots of time to herself...what could possibly go wrong?" I sink onto the bench beside Gobber, his brow burdened. "What am I going to do with her Gobber" " Put her in training with the others." " No, I'm serious." " So am I." I turn to him, glaring. "She'd be killed before you let the first dragon out of its cage." "Oh, you don't know that." " I do know that, actually." "No, you don't." "No, actually I do." " No you don't!"  "Listen! You know what she's like. From the time she could crawl she's been...different. sHe doesn't listen. She Has the attention span of a sparrow. I take her fishing and she goes hunting for... for trolls." GOBBER then said(DEFENSIVE) "Trolls exist! They steal your socks. (DARKLY) But only the left ones. What's with that?" Then I start to tell a little story to gobber " When I was a boy... " then i hear GOBBER (GRUMBLING)I ignored it though and keep going " My father told me to bang my head against a rock and I did it. I thought it was crazy, but I didn't question him. And you know what happened?" GOBBER then guessed even though I told him this story before "You got a headache." "No That rock split in two. It taught me what a Viking could do, Gobber. He could crush mountains, level forests, tame seas! Even as a boy, I knew what I was, what I had to become. Hicca is not that boy."GOBBER then says " well hicca is nor a boy but a girl and  You can't stop her, Stoick. You can only prepare her.  Look, I know it seems hopeless. But the truth is you won't always be around to protect her. She's going to get out there again. She's probably out there now." Gobber said.

