
"Oh they were so lovely!" Keira gushed.
"They wouldn't have been lovely if they ended up crushing you." Owen reminded her.
"After all these years and you still worry far too much." she said.
"Yes, because after all these years, your father still reminds me to take care of you."
Theo smirked. It sounded exactly like Grandpa Grant, a stern looking man but Theo had never witnessed the stern expression personally. He and Grandma Ellie were always all smiles when they came to visit or when they visited them in Montana.
They were heading to the cafeteria for lunch. He saw his parents intertwine their fingers as his father kept one hand on the wheel driving.
"Have you heard from President Segura?" Theo asked them.
"No. Thank God." his father huffed. Theo knew from past events that his dad was very cautious of all those that came to the island especially when they had a proposal.
Theo decided to remain silent for the rest of the trip. His mother turned around in her seat and gave him a wink.
Inside the cafeteria, Theo went to grab his lunch leaving his parent's side.

Keira and Owen saw Claire and Lowery sitting at a table.
"I'm still really confused by their relationship." Owen muttered to her. Keira grinned with a shrug.
"It's been working out for them hasn't it?"
"Yeah but it's still creeps me out." he shivered.
"Be nice Mr. Grady." she whispered to him.
"I am, Mrs. Grady." he said before sticking his tongue out at her.
"Is that an offer?" she teased.
"Maybe. You taking me up on it?" he said patting her butt.
"Hey!" she said. "Not in public!"
"Ah right, modest is hottest." They sat down across from Claire and Lowery.
"Just the people I was needing to see." Claire said.
Owen arose but Keira pulled him back down.
"About what?" Keira asked.
"I received a phone call this morning from President-"
"Segura." the two finished for her.
She raised her brows. "Well yes. Did someone else tell you?"
"Nope." Owen said. "He made some sort of announcement on t.v last night."
"Oh good, so you know then."
"Know what?"
"He's coming to the island tomorrow."
"Ugh." Owen rubbed his face. "For what?"
"Well, he said he wanted to speak with the two of you about the research here."
"You couldn't tell him we weren't interested?"
"Owen, we need the Costa Rican government on our side, they are the closest mainland to us." Claire said.
"They've also helped us out several times before." Lowery added.
"I don't like the sound of this. We've gone through a couple of presidents and haven't had any of them visit the island, this guy gets into office and he's already planning a visit. Tomorrow!" Owen raised his voice causing workers to look over.