
"Sure." he said.

They arrived at the plains to find Zach there already as he lead the way towards the nest.
"No sign of the parents?" Keira asked him in a low whisper.
"Not yet. I'm sure they aren't far though." Zach told her.
"They never are." Owen pointed out.
They heard a cracking sound. Keira gripped Owen's arm who chuckled at her reaction. The eggs began to hatch.
"Oh this is so great!" she cheered as the first baby poked it's head out. The others began to hatch as well.
"All the eggs made it." Zach smiled.
Keira walked out approaching the nest.
"Keira!" Owen called to her. "Are you crazy!? What am I saying, of course you are."
Keira knelt down by the nest observing the newly hatched babies as they pulled themselves out of the eggs. One of them stumbled and fell out of the nest causing her to giggle. She reached down and scooped it up into her arms.
"You're an adventurous one , aren't you?"
"Keira, get out of there." Owen said.
"Oh will you calm down!"
There was a rustling of the trees when one stegosaurus adult appeared.
Theo held his breath as the larger dinosaur made it's way over to his mother and the nest. Unlike the hatchery births where someone was always present, there were cases where the dinosaurs became defensive over their nests even with the humans they had grown up seeing on a daily basis.
Owen arose slowly preparing himself if he had to leap into action. The stegosaurus approached Keira eyeing it's young in her arms and let out a call.
The baby called back in her arms.
Another stegosaurus appeared behind the other. The first one let out a huff of air into Keira's face with a grunting noise with it's tail swaying back and forth.
"Shit this isn't good."
The men stood stock still when suddenly, the other way brushed passed the first one knocking it aside slightly. It lowered it's head down sniffing Keira but then moved on to nuzzle the hatchling before moving onto the others, not even bothering with Keira.
Keira gave a thumbs up as Owen sighed in relief.
"Okay, you saw them, now put the baby down and get over here!" he said waving his arms motioning her over. She chuckled before placing the baby back in the next and jogging over.
"Oh honey, you look stress." she teased Owen.
Owen made a face. "You're the reason I'm graying woman!"

