
(Danika)
"Hello my names Alexander Vitalyevich Marchant but you can ecall me Alex" the boy said, "it's spelt like A-l-e-k-s-a-n-d-r" he said I nodded. "Danika Skretzy" I replied. That night I slept in Sly's house yes they did have a guest bedroom. I woke up and walked out of the room. I walked into the living room seeing a wild Aleks. He smiled at me. "You get it in with Eddie yet?" He asked winking an eye then wiggling his eyebrows. I laughed and blushed shaking my head. "Tell Sly I went to my house" I say Aleks' smiled faded as he nodded. "What's wrong?" I asked "nothing it's just unsafe...." He replied scratching the back of his neck. I gave him a small smile and looked to his bed head and his ears atop his head. I ruffled his hair and smiled at him even more. He poked my ear and I twitched he laughed at that. We stopped messing with our ears and I walked to my bike I waved to Aleks he waved back I put on my helmet started it then drove off.
I was now at my empty house I walked up the stairs and started to pack my shit all of it. I put my bags down in the living room and grabbed some belongings of Sherry so I could remember her even though I'd never forget her. I walked to a car shop and bought a van. I drove it home and stuffed my shit in the trunk. I looked at my bike wondering what to do with it. I sighed and called the moving industry or what ever the fuck it was called and they grabbed the shit that I couldn't fit in my car I sold all of Sherry's clothes sadly. But kept the other things. I called Sly and put him on speaker.
"Hey Eddie?" I say"Hmmm?" He asked"I'm moving somewhere else they know where I live... I can't... Be here anymore it's to dangerous..." I say. "They don't know where I live and we had a guest bedroom you can use you may move in with us.." He replied I smiled at that."Thanks okay sure I'll move in..." I say I parked my van in his driveway. And unload a bunch of things he told me I could park both vehicles in the garage but I sold my van not wanting it. I unpacked my shit and layer on the bed sighing I did a bunch of unnecessary shit like buy a van then call the moving service to go somewhere not that far.
Eddie served us Mac and Cheese, me and Aleksandr got to know each other better, While we ate. After eating we play games on Xbox "Hey should we go to DD's then mess around in the park?" Eddie Asked we smiled at him and nodded. We got into his car and I ordered the same thing while the others got some shit different from me. We drove to the park and ran around giggling randomly like children. I then seen Zayn with his squad he noticed me but I was getting chased by Aleks (we were playing tag) so I didn't go by him. I was tackled by him and he tickled me I laughed hard "Stop!" I say trying to push him off of me. I looked toward Eddie while laughing "Help!" I yelled toward him he giggled and ran toward us. He then joined Aleks tickling me. "NO!" I say my stomach hurting and my eyes watery from laughing so hard they stopped and let me laugh it out. I stood up softly shoving Aleks "Asshole" I say he only laughed.
I sat on the bench next to Aleks watching as Eddie ran around the park his arms wide open and singing I Will Alway Love You by Whitney Houston. We laughed and I looked to Aleks he looked to me our faces close we quickly looked back to Eddie when we noticed how close our faces were. I joined him and so did Aleks I jumped on to Eddies back and he ran giving me a piggy back ride. We stopped and watch the clouds sipping on our drinks and talking about stuff like school and our lives. Like I used to with Sherry... I sighed and we stood up. I wrapped my arms around both of their shoulders. "I had fun today if it wasn't obvious...." I say looking down. "I didn't have this much fun in like... Ever "I say truthfully. "We did too Dani... We did to" Eddie said smiling to me I smiled back at him and smiled at Aleks. We went and bought some random we didn't need. I went to a vape shop and bought five with different flavor sand zero nicotine. One was flavored Mint, one Chocolate, cotton candy, lemon, and green apple. I custom made all of them so it hits amazing. I walked out bought another Mint Hot Chocolate and waited until the others came. I was done with it and walked into a guitar shop. I stopped by a base guitar remembering Aleks played one. I was a weird hybrid of all kind of types I was super intelligent so I knew how to play all instruments. I walked out not wanting to seem like a copy cat. I then went to a different instrument shop. I bought a Cello I loved the way it sounded I also bought a violin.