
A/N: After careful consideration guys, I couldn't do a full story wrapped around the pregnancy. It wouldn't have panned out with the plot line I had in mind. But don't worry, there will be excerpts of it. I also apologize that pregnancy isn't my forte especially when it comes to writing and it's very hard to incorporate it into an action story.  Once again, sorry.


Keira and Owen sat in the plains as they were approached by their son and Zach.
"We're heading off to the cafe? You guys coming?" Zach asked.
"Nah," Keira waved her hand, "you guys go ahead. There's food back at home that I need to finish before it goes bad."
"Alright, I'll see you guys at home." Theo said before the parents waved at him. Once they were walking away Owen turned to Keira.
"That sounded incredibly old by the way."
"What?"
"Oh we have some leftovers  in the fridge, can't have them go bad." he said in a mocking grandma's voice.
"Hey!" Keira said laughed. "It's true though. There's like a crap ton of chicken noodle soup left."
Owen just looked at her.
"God, I do sound old." she fretted.
"We are old."
"Oh no no no, we are not old!" she said.
"Okay, okay!" he chortled. " We're not old. But you know we've done some incredible things over the years"
She smiled. "Together." she added.
Owen waggled his eyebrow. She rolled her eyes looking away from him to conceal her smile. She could see Theo and Zach laughing together in the distance.
"He's grown up so fast, it's like watching bamboo grow."
"It's hard to believe he's here when we couldn't even figure out you were pregnant for the longest time."
"I remember that."
--
Sixteen years ago, Keira had entered the raptor paddock to find Owen but he wasn't there. Barry was though, working with the famous three. Barry called her down as he worked with Yang.
"I'm coming." she called to him. Once inside the girls stopped their circling and looked at her.
Barry observed them as Keira walked over to him standing behind him slightly, the girls and Yang watched her in silence.
"Don't all come over and greet me at once." she said softly causing Barry to chuckle.
"They are certainly curious about you today. New perfume?"
"No."
"Roll in anything?" he joked.
"Oh yes, now I remember Dino and I spent the morning rolling in the plains." she said sarcastically.
The raptors let out small chirps back and forth.
"Well, I'm officially on edge in here so I'm gonna go find Owen."
Barry walked her to the gate. Blue let out a throaty call before they went back to what they were doing.

Keira explained the situation to Owen but he paid no mind to it.
"They have their off days." he told her. "I still get bit every once in awhile." he said lifting his shirt sleeve to reveal some scabs.