
"Yeah, but I sure as hell didn't talk to my parents like that."
Barry chuckled. "Bring him here and let the raptors teach him a lesson."
Owen grinned. "I might take you up on that offer."

"He is the only teenager on the island, Keira." Zach said to her as Keira looked over the cameras in the control room with Lowery and Zach. "He's bound to get a little crazy."
She looked to Lowery. "What do you think?"
"Well...yeah I agree. He's a teenage boy, you got hormones and it's not like he has any friends his age around here."
"You think we did the wrong thing raising him on the island?" she asked.
"What?! No!" Lowery said. "Of course, not. Most teenagers would kill for this stuff."
"Most, but not mine." Keira pointed out. "Maybe, I should talk to him.  Maybe the island isn't for him."

Theo had just closed his laptop when his mother came into the Bungalow with Athena. He arose to head to his room.
"Hold on Theo." she said. He stopped and turned to her.
"Come sit with me. Just for a couple of minutes. That's all I'm asking for."
He sat back down. She sat down beside him. Athena jumped onto the couch and sprawled out over both of them.
"What do you want to talk about?" he asked.
"You. You haven't been very happy lately, especially with your father and I."
"No, Ma, it's not like that-"
"Hold on, just let me finish."
"I know, you're the only teenager on the island and I understand that can be pretty lonely. Not to mention seeing the same people everyday can get a little boring. You weren't given the typical school experience either. I'm sorry about that."
"Mom." he sighed.
"If you don't want to be on the island anymore, I understand. We can arrange it, we can leave."
"Leave?" he squeaked. "But Mom, you and Dad love this island."
"Of course we do, but we love you more and we always will. If it means you being happier, your father and I would leave."
Theo looked to his mom that watched him.
"Mom, I don't want to leave the island. And I don't want you and Dad to leave the island either."
"Then what is going to make you happy?" Keira asked.
"I dunno, I'm...internally conflicted right now. But I'll figure it out. "
"Anything I could help you with?"
"No, this is something I want to do on my own....but thank you."
"Anytime sweetheart. We're here to help you."
He forced a smile onto his face. "I know."