
Alyssa povMy name is Alyssa. I have a twin sister named Ana. We are opposites. At least ,thats what everybody thinks. I'm just the ugly duckling according to everyone while shes the beautiful swan. If you ask me though, I can care less for what they think. My only friends here were lily,frank,and Nathan.I heard a knock on my door, ruining my train of thought. "Come in",I yelled. My sister walked in the door.
"Hey aly , I wanted to ask you if you for any reason happen to know who and where Jason is." She couldn't be talking about that popular kid at school. I heard that he's everything a girl wants. Yeah right!"Yes I happen to know who he is and no I don't know where he is. Now if that's all you came here for then may you please leave my room."I couldn't stand her being here."Aly please stop being a total jealous bitch about it. Its not my fault he looked in me and not you." And with that she left.
As if I really wanted him. Yeah he's hot and all but I just know there's no chance between us. There's a chance with Ana though.Whatever, I'm not going to stress myself about it. I'm just gonna chillax and relax.------------------------------------------------Later that day I went downstairs to see if dinner was ready. Sure enough it was. As I walked towards the kitchen to serve my plate I overheard mom and dad asking about anas day. I rolled my eyes as I heard her say how jealous I was about her. I grabbed my plate and made my way towards my room like always. No one ever notices.
When I got to my room I plugged in my Xbox to the TV and inserted a game. I ate and played tekken 6 at the same time. I always enjoy this part of my day. I get to play video games and eat. It takes my mind off of things. I was about to beat jin when I heard my phone vibrate. I checked to see who it was and found a text message from am unknown number:
Hey beautiful. -unknown
I had no idea who it could be and didn't care about it at the moment. All I cared about right now was beating devil jin.-----------------------------------------------------------I went downstairs to put my dish away when I saw I strange man on the couch talkin to mom and dad. As soon as I put my dish away my mom called me."Aly this is Gilbert. He's one of dads friends at work. Please introduce yourself."I looked into the guys face and shook his hand."Hi my name is alysson.""Nice to meet you ms.alysson"I don't know why but there was something strange about this guy.I just couldn't put my finger on it. I snapped out of my thoughts and realized Ana wasn't there. Eh, she probably went to a party or something.
I walked back to my room and kept on playing my video game. As I was playing I couldn't help to feel that something was wrong. Very wrong. I tried to push the feeling aside, so I just took a shower and went to bed. Hopefully everything's alright.-------------------------------------------------------