
(Danika)
He glared then left with the Math teacher. Calum and Sly stayed. I walked with them and Sherry downstairs. Sherry left for work I sighed turning to them. Sly put his hands on my shoulders "you okay?" He asked softly I nodded. "I just lost my temper too quickly..." I say. "Why did you run?" He asked not believing the fact that I had anxiety. "My anxiety got the best of me.... I just felt like running..." I say looking down. Calum looked at me sadly "I'm sorry about.... What happened Danika..." He said as he handed me my headphone I nodded to him. "It's okay that's not why I ran" I half lying half not lying.
"Wanna go to DD's" I asked they nodded know what I meant. "I'll meet you two there I need to take a quick shower" they nodded once again then left. I walked upstairs, and took a shower. I changed into a black V-neck shirt, leggings, my leather jacket like always, my kicks, pulled on a beanie this time, and a neckless of the Eiffel Tower like always because it was my favorite. I walked down stairs as I grabbed my phone off the counter zipping up my jacket, and running to DD's.
I met them at the entrance. We walked in and they orders their drinks and I ordered my Mint Hot Chocolate because I barely got to drink it last time 😭. We talked about random stuff and I told them about my mom but only that we got in a car crash not that we were forced off the road and shit like that. "Well it's been good! But I have to go call me later?" Sly asked handing me a slip of paper which had his number on it, I nodded and turned back to Calum. "You didn't know his digits? It seemed like you two were closer than that" he said I shrugged.
"I'm sorry about yesterday I couldn't help it" he said again looking me into my eyes I looked down remembering the light peck on the lips he gave me, and shrugged "I don't care Calum it was just a peck it's not like it was a huge deal" I say. "Hey Calum what up?" came a voice from behind me. He walked up to Cal and sat down next to him he looked to me and smiled. "He I'm Michael Clifford, you two dating" he asked turning to Calum and wiggling his eyebrows at him. Calum's cheeks turned bright red "N-no we're just friends!" He said quickly, Michael smirked and looked to me wiggling his eyebrows at me this time, I couldn't help but giggle as he did so.
Calum seemed surprised by that his eyes widened. I took a sip of my drink and smiled at him, he returned one. Soon a a group of girls walked in one noticed Michael and ran over glaring at me then turning to him. "Hi babe!" She said smiling at him he raised an eyebrow at her "Halley I'm not your boyfriend you're just a creepy stalker who likes me" he said. She looked hurt then glared at me. She then stomped off. I only sighed and looked down to my drink. "I think I'll go home now sorry Calum call me?" I asked as scribbled down my number on a small slip of paper he took it gladly and nodded. I walked out heading toward the park I wanted some alone time even though I always get that. I laid back on the grass and looked up to the sky setting my drink in the ground next to me.
I put on the song In The End by Black Veil Brides, put on my headphones, and blasted it I zoned out after awhile then woke up from my thoughts. I stood up and took off my headphones putting them around my neck, I slipped my phone into my pocket, and grabbed my drink it was. Still a bit warm so I drank it up so it wouldn't get cold. I walked home, sat on the couch, and played video games. I got a call I picked up my phone and looked at who it was. Sly.
"Hello?" I asked"Hey Danika.... I'm outside right now with two people you care dearly for" came a gruff voice. My breath hitches and my heart pounded. "Who the fuck is this?" I asked angrily "Why don't you come see" he asked
I hung up and walked outside I used my night vision to see better but saw no one... Wtf? I walked back inside and called Sherry.
"I'm sorry but this number isn't active anymore" came an automated voice massage.