
She grinned. "What are you working on?"
"Checking up on the nest. We'll probably have a few hatching next week among the Gallimimus." he told her.
"That's great." She heard calls and splashing from the river. She turned her head and began walking over towards the noise. "Come on Zach."
The two walked to the river to see Loki in the river splashing around annoying the other herd members.
"It amazes me that he has actually mated." Keira said. Loki turned in their direction and began walking over.
"Loki no! You stay right there."
He ignored her, wading through the water before dipping his head into the water and splashing them. The two stood there completely drenched.
"Lovely. Just lovely." Keira spat out some water.
"Well, you named him after the God of Mischief, what did you expect?"

"So, did she like the dog?" Barry asked Owen as he prepared to grab Blue, Yin, Yang and two others for a cohesive hunt for a non living target based on scent.
"Like? The two are attached at the hip." Owen said.
"That's good. I didn't have doubt about that. I was only nervous because she didn't seem to have interest in getting one after Dino passed."
"It took her awhile to get over Dino."
"It took all of us awhile." Barry added. "He was a great dog."
"He was. On top of that, we had Theo to raise, I think she just wanted to focus on that for the time."
Owen pulled out the clicker and all eyes were on him.
He took out the scent and moved it in front of all of them before tossing it to the ground. Blue moved in first sniffing it before letting out a call. The others took turns sniffing. Owen raised his hands, they waited. He dropped it quickly and the group scattered into the hunt.

The two left the river squeaking in their boots and sneakers as they headed towards the gate.
"A dog, huh? I'm surprised you didn't get one sooner." Zach said. "Although, I don't think any dog will ever amount to Dino."
Keira gave a sad smile thinking of her late four legged best friend.
"Well, it's not fair to compare them. I think Athena will be great in her own way. We just have to get her used to the sanctuary."
She opened the door and let Athena out who immediately began sniffing around. Keira placed her on leash. During the introduction to seeing dinosaurs for the first time she didn't want anything to go wrong.
They walked into the plains allowing Athena to scout around but suddenly, her eyes locked in on the dinosaurs. She stood still, her hackles raised. Keira bit her lower lip nervously hoping Athena wouldn't freak out or they would have to keep her away from the dinosaurs for the rest of her life.
They heard a call in the distance. Zach and Keira looked up to see Eve. Eve was moving as fast as she could in their direction.
"Oh," Keira breathed. "I think she thinks..."
Eve got closer and then stopped. Athena growled with her tail tucked in between her legs before Zach and Keira.
"Hey, it's okay girl, she's a friend." Keira told her not touching her but offered soothing words.