
Team Delta members:
Tonya Sergio: The older sister of Daniel Sergio and pilot of the GN-00028 Extreme, she is from Russia she and her brother were orphaned when terrorist's launched a attack on  a nearby Human Reform killing her parents League base, she is cold and willing to kill in order to achieve Celestial beings goal's, she is eighteen years old, her gundam can transform into a rally car.
Zane Robertson: a 29 year old American deserter, and pilot of the GN-00029 Stingray, he is the teams leader, and is very close to Tonya, due to their partnership, like the Extreme his stingray can transform in this case a submarine  .
Daniel Sergio: the younger brother of Tonya, unlike his older sister, he loves being around people, and telling jokes, he pilots the GN-9999 Delta, he also love making a big entrance yelling "Yahoo", and skydiving with his gundam.
Xi Li Mei: a Xenjain ( formerly Mongolia), she lost everything in the country's grueling civil war over resources, she is like Setsuna, a former child soldier, who was saved by a Hive Science Drone, code named Becky, she pilots the GN-30330 Zero which is armed with duel mini-guns, and duel shields. she is a prototype drone, which can show more advanced emotions than standard drones, and is stronger, and more durable  than humans.
Support Craft:
Wasp Class Carrier "Tokyo
Crew:
Cherry Patel
James Falcon
Howard Roderigo
Jenny Roderigo
Han Romona
Jerry Lou
Joey Li

Hive Inc:  a massive think tank, that backs Celestial Being, they were hired to create and modified the stage three gundams and their GN drives, by combing the GN drives with Helix or Hexagon Solar generators, with E-carbon, they created four of the meanest and strongest gundams ever seen.
Members:
Drones: are cloned humans both male and female, combined with machines, to perform tasks, such as construction, science research, security, and Public Relations, they show little emotions with exceptions of Xi, Becky, and Grim Reaper, they usual wear yellow bunny suits, different colors means different task, Drones work alongside Harros, and  other machines.
Becky: the Science Drone who found Xi, in a overturned U.N transport, during Xenjain's civil war.
The Re constructor: a  crazed science drone, who loves taking things apart, and dissecting humans.
Grim Reaper: the Head of the Black Wasps, special modified Soldier Drones, with enhanced strength, speed, and intelligence.
The Coalition: a group of nations that were left behind by the three superpowers, or didn't take part in the building of the three orbital elevators, lead by Cuba, they include all of Africa, the middle east, and parts of east Asia, and the Caribbean, and parts of south America, once every year the head nations of the  six branches meet in Havana Cuba, to discus issues, and to regulate the Coalition.
Member Nations:
Cuba (lead nation, Havana is the capital of the Coalition, Cuba is the head of the Caribbean branch )
Kingdom of Azadistan (head of the middle east branch)
Congo Republic (head of the North Africa Branch, all African nations north of Congo)
Republic of Ion ( head of the south, east, and West African branches)