
Angel Salazar.She is a 20 year old trying to make it by in life. She stands at an astounding 5'2, has olive skin, black wavy hair down to the middle of her back, and gray eyes. She lives in a small town in Oregon by herself ,and works in a small shop.Her parents live in New York, they are executives in a big corporation, but she refuses to live from their money. When she was 17 she moved in with her aunt in California. Then, when she turned 18 she decided to move to Oregon.
Gerard Way.He appears to be around his mid-twenties.Stands at 5'9, had pale skin, messy bright red hair, and hazel eyes.He lives in Oregon with his friend Frank Iero, and he doesn't have a job.His parents died long ago, he has a brother ,but rarely speaks to him. Oh,and did I mention that he's a vampire? I didn't? Oh okay well I just thought I'd let you know, so now you know.•••"Hey Angel can you close up? My daughter is sick I'm going to go meet her and her mom at the hospital." "Yeah Rob, no problem." I answered not taking my eyes off of the newspaper."Thanks I owe you one. Bye see you tommorow!" He yelled exiting the store."Bye." I waved. I didn't usually read the newspaper, but the article caught my attention.Special ReportPolice were baffled when 2 teenagers when missing after they went for a hike in the woods. Police and volunteers held a search party and going the bodies of 13 year old Jenna Carter, and 17 year old Andrew Carter. Both bodies were found in an early stage of decomposition. When they were sent to the forensic lab scientist were surprised when they discovered that neither of the bodies had blood left in their system. Scientist insist that there is a logical reason for this while others claim that it has something to do with the supernatural.
I tore my eyes away from the paper when the bell rang, signaling that we had a costumer. It was a man. He had messy black hair, a lip piercing, and hazel eyes.
"Can I have a pack of cigarets please.""Yeah, what kind?" I asked."Doesn't matter." He shrugged. I turned around and grabbed a pack of cigarets off of the shelf and set it on the counter in front of him."Is that all?""Yeah.""It's going to be 5.99." He grabbed an old leather wallet from his back pocket and handed me a ten dollar bill and walked toward the exit."Don't you want the change?""keep it." He muttered as the door closed behind him.•••Franks P.O.V
I was sitting on the couch watching television then, an angry Gerard burst through the door.
"What the fuck Frank!" He yelled."What did I do?!""What did you do!? You fucking left two damn bodies to be discovered by the damn cops! That's what you fucking did!" He yelled."Okay, okay calm down I'll fix it. Don't worry I'll take care of it." I said trying to calm him down."You better take care of it or I swear I'll rip your fucking throat off Iero." He spat."Chill." I grabbed my leather jacket from the coat hanger and rushed out of the door before Gerard got angrier.
"You better fix it Iero!" He yelled as the door closed. I didn't mean to kill those kids, they were walking along in the woods, next thing I knew my face was covered in blood. It was an honest mistake.
I didn't even know what I was going to do, if I went back Gerard was going to try to kill me, so I decided to just go buy some smokes. I kept walking then I saw a small store, and walked in. There was a girl behind the counter she had black hair and was wearing a Led Zeppelin shirt.
Can I have a pack of cigarets please." I asked."Yeah, what kind?" "Doesn't matter." I shrugged, when she turned around I saw a newspaper on the Special ReportPolice were baffled when 2 teenagers when missing after they went for a hike in the woods. Police and volunteers held a search party and going the bodies of 13 year old Jenna Carter, and 17 year old Andrew Carter. Both bodies were found in an early stage of decomposition. When they were sent to the forensic lab scientist were surprised when they discovered that neither of the bodies had blood left in their system. Scientist insist that there is a logical reason for this while others claim that it has something to do with the supernatural.
"Fuck." I muttered.Is that all?""Yeah." "It's going to be 5.99." She said. I grabbed my wallet from my back pocket,and grabbed a 10 dollar bill. I handed her the bill and started walking to the door"Don't you want the change?""keep it." I muttered as the door closed behind me.
•••
So I decide to write another story and here it is! Should I continue? Just let me know.