
They continued into the fields with his dad ahead. Theo paused to avoid a few microceratus running before him. He decided to jog to catch up with his father's fast pace. They found Zach Mitchell first. Theo was close with the man who was kind and often offered a listening ear. Zach had only been a teenager himself when he began working here after bringing brought to the island by his aunt Claire.
His little brother Gray worked there as well, mainly in the laboratory.Gray was nice too, but he was rarely seen as he never left the lab so engrossed in his work.
Owen and Theo greeted him.
"Looking for Keira?" Zach asked knowingly.
"The one and only." Owen said.
"Last I saw her, she was with Dino and Eve." he said.
Owen nodded his head before walking off.

Finally, they spotted his mother sitting in the grass with a large Apatosaurus not too far from her. She was sitting next to a statue of a large German Shepherd. Dino. Theo was only eight when Dino passed away and it had been especially devastating to his mother and even to some of the dinosaurs, like Eve. His mother had decided to place the statue in the plains so that it was like Dino was always guarding the plains.
Eve was normally found with her herd by the statue especially at night when she went to sleep, the large dinosaur slept close to the statue of her old canine companion.
"There you are!" Owen said. Keira glanced up and motioned him to wait where he was. Theo raised a brow as she arose to her feet and held out her hands to Owen. Owen seemed hesitant.
"That's not a spider again is it?" he asked.
"No!" she laughed. "No open your hands and close your eyes."
"I never like this game, well except that one time-"
Theo grimaced before his mother nudged his father in the ribs roughly.
"Hands open, eyes closed."
Owen rolled his eyes before closing them and holding out his hands. Theo smiled as his mother looked to him and winked.
"Spider!" she said opening her hands but Theo quickly saw there was nothing there. Owen jumped and startled back as his wife and son laughed.
Owen narrowed his eyes. "Hardy har har..."
"There you go with that pirate lingo again."
As his father chased his mother around, it was almost like watching what they would look like as teenagers. Of course ,everyone said Theo resembled his father, mainly because of his green eyes. He had heard many women in the sanctuary discuss how handsome his father was and heard the same from the men talking about his mother's beauty. But the two paid no mind, after all those years they were still madly in love with each other, he could tell by the way they looked at each other and teased each other.
He smiled at his parents, the amazing stories he had heard about them from the workers on the island. They were legends just like his grandparents Alan and Ellie. His parents had even met the president of the United States years ago for their work. The sanctuary was world renowned as people tuned in to live podcast lectures from his mother or followed the daily life of the sanctuary through the live feed cameras. Everyone knew his family, but who knew of Theodore Alan Grady off the island besides family?
No one.