
His mother stopped before him but didn't say anything before continuing.
"One day, Theo, you'll understand."

Owen was sitting on the couch when Theo walked in quietly going to his bedroom and closing the door. Keira walked in with a sigh and grabbed some water.
"Something happen?" he asked standing up and walking over to her.
"Our son believes we overreacted with President Segura and should have considered the offer."
"What?!" Owen said. "We raised him better than that."
Keira rubbed the back of her neck. "No, Owen, he just sees the good in it, he doesn't see what we see. He sees a politician wanting to do good for his country."
"Well, all I saw was a typical politician lying through his teeth." he said.
Keira sat down at the table. "He's young Owen, and innocent, he hasn't seen the darkness of the world. "
Owen sat across from her. Her eyes were full of stress and anxiety. He took her hand in his.
"He's lived a sheltered life on this island." Owen began, "but he will learn about the world and how it works. Hopefully, he just won't learn it the hard way."

"Hey Tag." Doug entered the computer room where Theo was working on his school work.
"Hey Doug."
"Dude, you looked bummed out, what's wrong?"
Theo shook his head. "Nothing."
"Nothing means something..."
Theo just sat there for a moment before his computer.
"What do you think about the whole President Segura thing?" he asked him.
"It's sick, bro. Who would eat dinosaur meat?" Doug made a face. "Gross."
"People who are hungry enough would." Theo pointed out.
"There are other things to eat besides dinosaur meat Tag. We've never tasted it, how do you know it's even marketable, it could taste like death for all we know."
"I still people would eat it. I mean, it would feed so many people."
Doug sat down beside him. "I don't think we brought back extinct animals in order to sell them on the meat market little man." he said. "We brought them back to learn about them and observe them."
"And once they die, what happens all that meat goes to waste?"
"No, it goes to the Mosasaurus tank or it fertilizes the land. It doesn't go to waste."
Theo turned back to his work. "Whatever." he said.
"You have to have some faith in your parents." Doug told him. "They know what they're doing. No one knows these dinosaurs better than them."
"Because they don't want anyone to."
Doug frowned before leaving the room with a small wave.

Owen had Blue in her halter standing before him in the extended private area of the raptor paddock to work. Blue watched him with a couple of chirps. He placed his hand in the middle of her head.
"Just when we thought we were passed all the drama on this island, Senor Mustache shows up." he grumbled.