
Theo Grady was walking towards his home when the humble Bungalow came into view. Outside, his father's prized motorcycle was parked. However, the sanctuary vehicle was gone telling Theo his parents were out and about somewhere in the sanctuary. He trotted up the stairs and opened the door entering his home. He headed to the fridge for his much anticipated drink as the island was humid as ever that day. He chugged half of a water bottle before he felt something brush up against his legs.
"Hey Rex." he greeted the small gray cat that purred as he rubbed himself against Theo's leg. The cat meowed before stretching his back and walking away ending his affectionate greeting abruptly.
"Bye." Theo said before finishing his water bottle. He walked over to the sink and splashed some water in his face before running his hands through his golden brown hair slicking the hair back. He mumbled to himself about needing a hair cut before looking around the empty home.
On the kitchen book, there were several books scattered. Some were open while others were marked with several bookmarks, he figured his mother had been working on something. He heard a vehicle pull up outside and in a few moments, his father, Owen walked in.
"Hey buddy." Owen said ruffling his hair as he passed him heading to the fridge and grabbing a water bottle himself.
"Hey Dad." Theo said.
"Did you have a good day at school?"
Theo shrugged. He didn't consider the small room where he had his online classes "school."
"Don't look so enthusiastic." his father said poking his side. Theo revealed a small smirk. Owen stuck his head into the back bedroom.
"Your mom's still not home?" he asked.
"Nope. I've only been home for a few minutes." Theo admitted.
"Well, I can only guess where she is." Owen said sarcastically. "Wanna ride along?"
Theo nodded before following his father out.

In the car, his father focused on the road, Theo glanced over at him a couple of times. His father's strong forearm stuck out from his rolled up sleeves, his skin tanned from the hours of working under the sun on the island. But there were also several scars that grazed his skin. It was almost expected that his dad would have a few working with the raptors and all. There were three that his father was extremely close to, Blue, her mate Yang and Yin. They had started out as the sanctuary's pack after his father lost his first pack to an incident that was one of the many horror stories that was in the dark past of the island.
But there were other velociraptors now, males and females that his dad worked with on a daily basis with his old friend Barry. Theo had gone out to the raptor paddock many times as a child but now he was just irritated by all the squawking and chirping the raptors did.
He turned his attention back to the scenery outside as they drove out to the one spot they could always count on finding his mother Keira.

Owen led the way through the plains' gate holding it open for his son before closing it behind him.
"Hey Owen." a voice greeted them. The two looked to see a man waving at them with a clipboard in hand.
"Hey Doug." Owen said with a wave. "Have you seen my wife?"
"She's in the back, way back with Zach!" He told Owen before scribbling something down quickly.
"Hey Tag." Theo waved at him.
Doug was a funny guy that he had grown up around. He had nicknamed him Tag, after his initials of his full name Theodore Alan Grady. He knew his middle name came from his grandfather Alan Grant but when he asked about Theodore he was met by his father's shrug.  "You mother just liked the name." he was told.