
After what seems liked the worst hours of my life stuck in a bag, turns out they sounded the alarm right as we left, the plane finally stopped at America, people began to unload the bags, once again my bag was lift up, carried, and placed down onto another hard surface. I began practicing some American words I had trouble pronouncing such as chalk and figure, and practiced my accent, thank fully when I was younger the people back in Russia taught me how to speak fluid American since they knew in the future I was going to fulfill this mission. We began to move again but this time much faster, I unzipped the bag a little, a blue sky overhead were other planes were taking off and landing. To the right, where we were going, was a huge building. I unzipped the bag a little more and peeked out, I was on some sort of car for holding bags, a man with headphones on was driving the car, he won't notice me with those things on his head, so I poked my head out a little further, that's when I noticed the sign on top of the building, "Newark International airport," some name. It was a lot warmer then I expected it to be, back at Russia the climate was always cold no matter what the season, here it was hot, in a book I stole from Terra's office it said that there was four seasons in America, winter, spring, summer, and fall, summer was the hot season and winter was the cold so I'm guessing it's summer here. The car came to a stop and I quickly zippered the bag shut again. Blackness once again greeted me, but before I could begin practicing my English again my bag was hoisted up, carried for a little and placed onto another moving belt, which I believe is yet another conveyer belt, after some time of going up and down on the belt my bag tipped over and slid down some ramp then THUD I hit the side of the wall. The bag then began to move in a slow circle around and around, this is pointless! I thought in my head, we weren't going any where. What's the whole point of moving in a circle! Dumb Americans. All of a sudden my bag was picked up and carried down some path, I unzipped the zipper just a little to see out side of the bag, we were in some sort of building, the conveyor belt must have taken me inside. But I was being carried by someone, that's when I remembered every single Russian spy had a red circle with a black line crossed through it on their foot, I glanced down at the person who was holding me foot then looked down at mine, same markings, he was on my side. We walked through a double door and outside, the sun scorched my skin so I hid inside the bag. The person who is holding then got into a car and closed the door behind him, he then placed the bag down in the back seat."Come out 71645, or what we will call you from now on, Francesca," I emerged from the bag. It's been what seems like forever since I stretched, so I did. When I looked back up two people were staring at me, one a girl with dark brown hair, green eyes and pale skin, and the boy, light brown hair, brown hazel eyes and tan skin. I see why Russia choose them, they look exactly like me."Hi, where 00921 and 00898 but you will call us mom and dad," said the girl, creepy much? I thought in my head."Are last name will be smith, which is a common American last name," said the man with a smile on his face, "oh and welcome to America,"