
Picture of Leto on the side ->
Edited☢☢☢☢☢☢
Crunching gravel beneath my boots, and the chirps of birds above me was an overall peaceful sound as I made my way to the bungalow carrying two glass bottles of pure whiskey.
Once Owen came into view, standing next to his bike obviously frustrated about something as he fumbled with the tools in the tool pouch . I called out to him.
"I arrive with alcohol!"
His frustrated expression dissipated as his gaze landed on the drinks in my grasp. I stopped walking before his bike, taunting my closest friend by keeping his beer away from him.
"Please!" Owen pleaded. Rolling my eyes, I passed the whining 24 year old the bottle. In an instant, Owen popped the cap off with the flathead screwdriver he was holding, he then tossed it into the tool pouch. My eyes widened as his exasperated urge to drink immediately.
"I'm thirsty." Owen explained and took a large drink of the ice cold drink. I suppressed a laugh as a number of sexual innuendos came into mind.
"Thirsty for what, Owen?" I pressed, knowing this would most likely fluster him. Owen pulled the bottle away from his lips, a shocked expression crossing his features.
"Sex." Owen replied dryly and sat on the picnic table behind him. I joined him, shaking my head and laughing lightly.
"So," I began curiously. "How was the date with Ms. Control Freak?"
Owen groaned and ran a hand over his face. "Horrible." I snickered and playfully nudged his shoulder.
I then sarcastically replied. "What could've went wrong?"
Owen shot me a deadly look and continued. "She printed out an itinerary."
A gasp escaped my lips followed by an uncontrollable fit of laughter. "Who in their right mind would print an itinerary for a date?"
"Claire, apparently. She's an extreme bitch." Owen muttered, sipping his whiskey. Shaking my head, I replied darkly.
"The urge to rip her throat out is always there."
Owen looked to me with widened eyes. "Easy there, tiger." I scoffed, fiddling with the bottle in my hands. It still remained unopened.
"When someone acts negatively to the people I care about it doesn't end well for them, especially in this case."
Grasping the flathead from the tool pouch, I popped the cap off my beer. I then began chugging the whiskey hoping to clear my mind of the negative emotions.
Owen remained silent as I did this. Within seconds my drink was gone and a light buzz replaced the anger. Ever since I began drinking, I found out I could definitely handle my alcohol. I was far from being a lightweight.
I continued to hold the beer bottle in my hands, every few seconds I would toss it back and forth from one hand to the other.
My radio then began to ring. Owen glanced down to the device attached to my belt. I shot him an apologetic glance and answered the radio.
"Leto Quill, how may I bless you with my presence?"
Owen's eyes widened at my careless choice of words. I grinned and waited for a reply, my head pounding lightly.
"Amusing." The one and only Claire Dearing replied sarcastically. At the sound of her voice, the grin that tugged on the corners of my lips faded. Clenching my fist at my side. I bit my tongue as she began speaking once more. "I need you to do me a favor."