
It was warm, at least, warm for a December night. A single sliver of chilled wind danced at my feet. I walked the crowded streets of the city, despite the hour, New York was always busy. It was no use calling a taxi, the streets were all blocked up. Probably last minute Christmas shopping, it was the 23rd after all.
Just as I began to turn the corner, the first drop hit me. I quickly looked up to see the heavy clouds, clear as day in this faux light from the city. I went to my pocket to get my umbrella, soon to realize it want there. I mentally face-palmed, I left it at his place. And it wasn't like I was going back for it now.
So I looked up, and just in between the dark clouds I caught a glimpse of the moon, almost full but not quite. People rushed by me, tourists, locals, as the first sheets of rain began to come down. The moon- a reminder. Of how I just wasn't good enough. For him. I swung up my hood and followed the crowd.
I broke off from the flood of people and took off down a side street towards my friends apartment. But as I ran, something slowed me, an invisible force.
I come to a stop and collapse to the ground, breathless for no reason. I don't know why but everything hurts, my heart, a useless instrument now. I lie facing upwards, the rain pounding on my already wet with tears face. The almost full moon is the only one who sees me.
I remember back to when he loved me. Or at least seemed like he did. I remember telling him I loved him too, truly, with all my heart, and everything else too. And now I remember slamming his door and leaving for good, fresh memories burning in my head. But still, I stay stuck on the hard concrete of the city streets, motionless and helpless.
I don't remember what happened after that, a call and an ambulance, a hospital and nurses telling me 'everything will be okay'.
But now I sit here, in a white sterile room, bright lights all pointing at me and surgeons standing around. And I want to shout that they've got it all wrong, but all these drugs they've put into me make me unable. It's not surgery I need, not at all. And as they crowd around and talk, and machines buzz, and my vision starts to go fuzzy, I hear it.
A small sound, softer than the flap of a butterfly's wing. A tiny noise, and I know it's all over.         The sound a breaking heart makes.
And everything goes black.