
"It's not as what I imagined it to be," I admitted."Of course it's not, your still used to things back at Russia, but you will get used to it." The girl said, I looked outside, tree after tree, farm after farm, the same thing. "The place we are in is called New Jersey, the garden state which is how some refer to it." The boy saidI kept looking outside as I began to play with the key buttons that control the car Window. A couple of birds I don't recognize do a fly bye our car as if they are greeting us, when I looked around I expected to see farms and lots of forest and trees but instead I saw houses, we must of gotten out of the country side and into the suburbs. "Are we going to live here?" I asked"Yup, and the good news is the neighborhood is quiet so we can resume are job," the boy said, he turned down a road and onto a dirt path that lead up to a dark blue house on top a hill. I guess that's where we were going to live, quiet area, no neighbors, dark house. We pulled up into the drive way and parked the car in the garage, it was an old house with those handles you need to pull the garage door open, the rusty old paint coming off as you do so. It was cheap, you could tell from the size, the model, and the condition the house was in. "Now me and your father are going to track down the device while you practice your English and practice how your going to act towards people in school, you already have the brain of a collage student so everything relating to that will be simple for you," the girl looks at me trying to read my mind if I was really that smart. I nod my head in agreement and she turns back around and begins typing on the computer while the boy looks over her shoulder. Everything I learned was because of Terra, who knew that I was going on this mission so she made me practically into a robot, I was the best at everything back at Russia. I walked inside the old rusty house, when I opened the door it nearly fell off its hinges, at least the Russians could of gotten us a descent house and not what ever THIS is. There was two floors to the house, I didn't bother trying the stairs in fear I will fall through. Every single step I took I would hear the loudest creek, feels like home where everything is in bad condition too, there was two bed rooms, a kitchen, a living room, something called a TV room what ever that is, and a bathroom, obviously. I could see why the girl and the boy were working on tracking the device outside, right next to the stairs it said, "no wi-fi in this household," smooth move Russia. The furniture was already in the house so I sat down at the kitchen table and began to recite my English. Tomorrow I was going to start school at west wood middle school, I would be going into the 7th grade, and have absolutely no friends, like I need any. I'm probably going to leave this place in a couple of weeks once I have everything in place, and retrieve the device. The front door swings open, coming off its hinges "BANG,"went the door as it crashed to the ground. I could hear the boy curse under his breath. "Francesca! Where are you?" Yelled the girl."Right here mom!" I yelled after her, I could hear foot steps coming closer to me until the boy and the girl emerge from the hallway."Ok, I know you don't like to call us mom and dad so when people aren't around you can call me sarah," the girl said."And you can call me bruno, and we will call you Francesca," the boy said. I nod in agreement. This could work out I thought. I was happy they let me keep the name Francesca as a fake name since I've always loved that name."We got a message from head quarters, it's a change in plan," said Bruno as he unfolds his laptop. "Here's what it says..." His voice trails off as he begins looking for the correct file with the message in it, his eyes darting this way and that, "ah, it says you are to place small little circular things into the walls where they can't be seen in school tomorrow, they will help us pinpoint the device and hack into important data files in the school that may help us find the device, your mission starts tomorrow so get a good rest, we need you out there Francesca," I nod then head off to find a spot of the wall to fall asleep on. Even though there are two bedrooms I prefer the wall since it's the only thing that reminds me of home that I somehow miss. My eyelids slowly go down as I look at the fading world around me slowly disappear and under minutes I fall asleep.