
Today was the day I will be tested to see if I will be able to full fill my mission, I was to dodge bullets, run great speeds, dodge obstacles and shoot a gun that will hit the center of the target. I walked down a narrow old creaky hallway that would lead to my test. This was my time to show terra that I'm stronger then my parents and that I'm worthy to Russia. If I fail though, she will kill me since I would be considered not worth it. A shudder went through my body, but I must be strong, I must finish what my parents started.
"Ahh 71564 your here," terra said with an evil smile on her face. I glanced at her, she was holding a clip bored and pen and looked rather frustrated, she hated this sort of stuff, she preferred to coach the kids back at the training centers and liked to boss them around. The hall way opened up to a big room with targets and obstacles of all sorts, the testing room.
"You will start with the target shooting, you must hit 5 bullseyes on each target, you miss one your out and won't go on the mission," terra handed me a gun. "You have 5 minutes to hit each target," I lined up with the marker which is the like the starting line, my chest filling up with butterfly's, I had to finish what my parents started, it was there last wish that it would be me to do it. "You time starts..." Terra pulled out a timer out of her back pocket, she examined it and pressed a couple of buttons. "NOW," terra screamed, I ran to the targets holding my gun in my right hand firmly
"POW," a bullet went over my head, this was part of the testing I was to dodge and shoot targets, one of the hardest parts. "POW," I did a dodge and roll as two bullets skinned my nose, blood trickled down onto my face. It was real bullets not those little pieces of plastic that only hurt a little. She were trying to hurt me, I glanced over at terra, she smirked. "Are you afraid, do you want to stop?" Terra said calmly with an evil smile.I shook my head no and then took a deep breath, everything began to slow down, I began to calm down, closed my eyes and thought, everything was going to be alright I will do this for my parents. The blood stooped, I opened up my eyes then bolted near the closet target.
"POW," I shot the target, a perfect bullseye. A smile went over my face, I looked over at Terra she began to get a worried expression I turned toward the next target, "POW," I ducked and rolled towards the next target as a bullet went over my head. A couple minutes later I hit all the targets right on the bullseye. "You've passed," terra snarled, "based on these results you don't have to go do the other tests, you've already showed that you could dodge bullets, you showed that you could hit the target, and you showed your speed," terra read off of her clipboard and scribbled some notes into it. I passed, I was going to America to full fill my mother and fathers mission. "You leave in the morning, don't pack, we will provide your clothing in America," terra glanced at me and my clothes which was covered with old blood stains from last testings and missions. "Yeah we will provide clothing in America," terra put on a pretend smile that faded in an instant. "You don't deserve this position, your parents didn't deserve this position so nor do you," terra glared then began to walk down the narrow hallway once more. Dead silence filled the room, I turned around and looked back at the testing room, blood covered the floor, I was used to it, everyday it seems as if 20 people get injured and sometimes killed, mostly in the dodge obstacle stuff. "71564, HURRY UP," yelled terra from down the hall. "Coming mom," I yelled after her, I began to bolt down the hallway showing off my speed, my foot steps echoed down the hallway, with every step I take the lights would flicker, which made it harder to see, I finally reached terra, she was at the door now glaring. I don't exactly know why she doesn't like me, after all I am one of the best, I think it's because my parents and her would always fight are something like that. I walked through the door and into the training center. Terra walked over to some of the instructors and showed them the paper work, they looked rather pleased with it and gave each other high fives, I hated it when they did that, they always treated me as if I was some sort of perfect machine they could control. "LIGHTS OUT," terra yelled, everyone began to run for a spot on the wall to sleep, it filled in quick. "Everyone except for numbers, well number 71564," terra yelled looking directly at me, great looks like I'm leaving a day early.