
Eli and I walked off of the bus and Into the school, we looked around with aww at all of the rooms and posters here and there and everywhere, I guess Eli has never seen anything like this before either. Back at Russian there were practically no rooms and no windows just old metal and brick, but this is so colorful and cheerful, oh what I'm going to tell the others when I get home there all going to be so jealous of my experiences!"Ok so m103 should be somewhere back over here?" Eli said and he began to walk to a long hall way filled with doors on each side, "you have no clue where your going do you?" I asked playfully. "Nope!" He replied. I tried to memorize the path we were going just in case we had to turn around which was very possible. "Here it is, c'mon," Eli said and he looked at me, I smiled and walked into the room after him rather surprised he actually found his way through the school. Kids began to sit in desk in rows of 10, it was a pretty big room. I sat down in the middle to the side to not cause attention to myself, Eli sat down next to me, more kids began to file in the room after us and took seats all over the place some in groups talking others sitting down reading."Your sitting in our spot, so move," a girl said in a sassy voice. I looked up to see a blonde girl chewing gum look down at me, a red head standing next to her. "You new here?" The red head asked"Yes," Eli responded, I nodded with a smile."Well then, these are OUR seats so get out," they placed their stuff where we were sitting. "Oh look! There's two seats in the back so you can sit next to each other, now get lost," the red head said. Eli and I got up and sat down in the back. "She was a real jerk," Eli said placing his stuff down anger filled in his eyes."Yeah I know," I reply. Good thing I'm going to be out of here soon and won't have to deal with these kids."Where did you move from," Eli asked with curiosity. "Uh..." I didn't know any other states other then New Jersey and he may ask the town I was in. "Well, I used to be homeschooled but now my mom decided that it's time I begin to go to public school," I said as I twiddled my thumbs, thankfully he bought the story."Cool," he replied, "I moved from Ru-""Good morning class, happy Monday and I would like to introduce two new students to our class," mrs. Andy the teacher said. Eli looked more frustrated then ever that he didn't get to tell me where he came from and that the teacher practically interrupted him. I took a deep breath, I didn't want to call attention to myself, let alone be called out InFront of the whole class since the teacher was about to introduce me and Eli. "Francesca and Eli," Mrs Andy said. "I hope you two will have a splendid time here at west wood middle school!" "BRING," Eli and I jumped from our seats. The class began to laugh at our reaction, I laughed along, Eli stood still like someone pressed the pause button. The kids began to file out of the class room talking in groups and giggling to each other. I gathered my stuff and nudged Eli, he unfroze and looked at me, I cracked up, he laughed along with me and we began to walk out the door to our next class.***Nothing much happened throughout the periods, me and Eli were introduced in each one, each time it became more boring, we have the same classes. But the highlight of the day was that we got our lockers, and they are next to each other and even near our classes, back at home we didn't even have a little bit of space to call our own! It was the end of the day and me and Eli became really good friends, turns out he also plays the trumpet and is in jazz band, he told me to meet him in the room and he ran up ahead. I got my back pack out of my locker and unzipped the compartment that held the circular things, I activated one which made a small buzzing sound and placed it in the far corner of my locker where it would be hidden by my books. I ran to the girls bathroom and slid one into a corner of the room where no one ever goes and that would be hidden by the sinks, the American kids at this school don't wash their hands, it's vial. I even was able to slip a circular thing in between the cabinet in my homeroom but the most strangest thing appeared, another circular thing, that wasn't mine, someone else was getting information here. I read the logo and it was a Russian symbol, I wasn't alone. I hurried back toward the jazz band room, when I entered I saw a bunch of faces staring at me. Eli was sitting with the other trumpets setting up, when he saw me he waved me to come over, he set everything up for me, even my trumpet, the people back in Russia would of never of done that. I guess this is one of the joys of being in America.