
It was a cold, rainy night. Cloudy hugged herself, trying to generate warmth. Her breath could be seen in the air, and rain pattered on her umbrella. She was unaware of eyes watching her from above, until they swooped down and knocked her out.
Tardis caught her and dragged her down the sidewalk, towards a large, old house. It was painted a faded blue and paint stripes were hanging on the outside and peeling off.
Tardis swung open the door and dropped the girl inside, shutting it and turning towards her. Cloudy's jacket was soaked, and her umbrella had disappeared.
Tardis quickly tied her up and dragged her to a chair, where she tied her legs up as well. The chair was facing a small square table with a checkered board on it.
She smiled to herself and took her place across the table, waiting for Cloudy to come to.
-
Cloudy blinked open her eyes, shielding her face. She was at a small square table. Her legs and torso were tied to a chair. Her eyes widened and she tried to move the duct-tape from her mouth.
"Don't panic. Or scream. You'll regret it."
She froze at the voice and looked up to see a blue-haired girl leaning forwards over the table, her eyes sparked with interest.
Cloudy tried to speak, but it came out muffled.
"Shh." Tardis leaned back in her chair and turned towards her.
"We're going to play a nice game of chess."
Cloudy nodded, tears forming in the corners of her eyes.
"You will cooperate, or... Well, you understand. If you win, you live. If you lose, you don't. Simple."
Tardis smiled, shiny teeth glinting. Her blue eyes shone with excitement and she nodded towards her side.
"White always goes first."
Cloudy reached out and moved a pawn.Tardis stared at the board for a moment before moving a pawn as well.Moving her knight, cloudy looked to see Tardis's next move.
She moved her queen out into the middle of the board and bit her lip before setting it down on a square.
The game went on like this for about ten minutes until it was Cloudy's Rook, Knight, and King against Tardis's Queen, Bishop, Knight, and King.
Cloudy fidgeting with her fingers and stared at Tardis expectantly, then tapped the duct-tape on her mouth.
Tardis stared at her for a long while before nodding, and Cloudy ripped it off her mouth.
"I-I won't scream." She said hoarsely.
Tardis nodded and returned her attention to the board.
"B-but I wanted t-to ask you a question.." She trailed off.
Tardis raised an eyebrow. "Yes..?"
"Why.. W-why did you do this? What d-did I do w-wrong?" Cloudy looked at the ground.
Tardis blinked, then looked at the ground as well. "I... Are you scared of me?" She asked.
Cloudy looked up. "Wouldn't you be?"
Tardis thought about her words. About all of her victims. She looked up.
"Tell you what: if you win this, I'll tell you." She tipped her head. "Deal?"
Cloudy nodded, then moved her knight.
-
CLIFFFFF HANGERRRER
Cloudstar_InDaHouse
I'm going to start putting these in my short stories :]