
I wake up at the crack of dawn, the usual, and get my things ready, my parents were once again on the computer but this time I decide to join them. I look over my moms shoulder and see a file on the curricular things data, turns out they found exactly where the device is located, only problem it's deep underground under the school."Before we do anything I want Francesca to find out who left that other circular thing," mom said and she looked at me."Yeah I will do that," I replied. She smiled at me relieved that were actually getting somewhere on this mission. "Ok, we need a little more information so until then we just need you to place more circular things." I nod and resume looking over her shoulder, the computer hummed with life as my dad clicked little boxes on the screen."That's odd, there is another circular thing activated that isn't ours,"dad said and he clicked on even more files. My mom though looked at her watch,"Francesca time to wait for the bus," mom said and she tapped her watch. I grabbed my pack from the floor and and walked out of the kitchen followed by a bunch of creeks, well looks like my dad finally decided to fix the door since it was back on its hinges. The bus was already coming up the hill, I guess I was late. "Don't forget to look for the person who place the other circular thing!" My mom yelled. I turned around to see her head out the window. I nod and turn back around to see the bus pull up to me, the doors once again opened up with a swing, I climbed up the stairs and saw Eli waving to me to come sit next to him, right as I'm about to walk over the bus moves forward with a lunge and sends me flying. "Oof!" Felt like the time I was thrown onto the conveyer belt. Eli comes rushing over to help me up, doing so he picks up my bags and placed them at our seat, he then walks me over making sure I wasn't hurt. I giggled at this, He's always so sweat to me, then all of a sudden I see it, one of my circular things is on the floor In Front of Eli who's staring at it with misbelief. My heart stops, I was about to say something to cover up my tracks when he places his hand over my mouth he grabs the curricular thing placed it inside my bag without any one seeing it and walked over to our seats. We were both silent and just stared at each other for a few minutes not knowing what to say next until Eli whispers in my ear "I'm one of you, I'm also a Russian spy," I look at him with thought in my eyes, he shows me his foot, the same markings as mine. A grin goes over my face and so does his. I was so happy that my best friend is actually Russian, in that one moment I became closer to him then ever."We could work together, I just don't want this to change our friend ship in any way," I say"It won't trust me," we both smile"On the other note, that was the most epic fail fall I've ever seen!" Eli said cracking up"Hey!" I said playfully. We then have a whole discussion on epic fails and I even told him about how I got here to America and about the part of me getting thrown onto the conveyer belt. He cracks up "Twins!" He says with a big smirk. Apparently he also went through that sort of concept of getting here.Our bus pulled up to the school"Race you to class," Eli said and he bolted off of the bus. I followed behind him. Since we both were Russian blood and trained we ran faster then everyone, when we got to our homeroom, I beat him, well I was the best back at Russia so I expected it.