
"We're going to the airport, DONT MAKE A NOISE ARE ELSE YOU WILL BREAK COVER," Terra said clenching her fist, "oh and I forgot to tell you, since non of us are coming with you we will have to sneakily throw you on the the conveyer belt and hope no one notices, THEN our workers will pick you up once you're in America are who you will recognize as your mom and dad." Terra said with a grin. She looked rather please that I was going to going through even more toucher. "Wait, what?" I said with disbelief, they were going to throw me onto a conveyer belt? Now I wish I didn't pass."Well off you go," one of the workers next to Terra said. I looked at the bag, it was a navy blue with a rusty zipper, big enough to hold a small girl like me. They all smiled at me nudging me to get in I felt as if I was being kidnapped, I carefully stepped in making sure I didn't twist or break anything, the smell of rotten fish filled the air, I gaged. Once I was fully in, Terra zippered up the bag, slowly the light faded away until everything went dark. ***I guess I fell asleep since it was very early in the morning, But I woke up to the sound of people talking, my bag was slowly moving across the floor I guess to where my conveyer belt is. "Ok on my command we throw the bag onto the conveyer belt, when they are not looking," it was Terra's voice talking in a whisper. Even though it seemed around 5ish since that's when I usually wake up, when the sun rises, there was no light in the bag at all, just me, myself, and I. "Now!" I heard Terra scream whisper, out of no where the bag I was in was hurled up into the air I resisted to scream like a little boy then BOOM the bag I was on hit a solid surface. "Oof" I said as I hit the ground below me, the conveyer belt began to move my bag, I wanted to see what was outside of the bag since I was getting bored with the all black, so I slowly unzipped the zipper just a little so that I can peek outside, light poured into the bag hurting my eyes, workers were busy moving around picking up other bags and placing them on the belt, I have never seen such a thing! That's when one of the workers ever so glances my way."Hey john," "yeah Phil?" Said two of the workers, "do you remember putting that navy blue bag on the old belt?" "Nope." They said. They were talking about my bag, I stopped breathing, what if they found out I was in here my cover could be blown, I didn't want to break cover this early, I would be a laughing stalk when I would get home. One of the workers took my bag off of the belt. I gripped the sides of my bag as I was hoisted up and off the conveyer belt. "It really heavy," one of the workers said. Well it's not my fault that I'm healthy, I thought. "Wait John, there's no tag that marks they got a ticket," one of the workers said slowly."Open it," the other worker said. I gasped, I was about to blow cover. They began to unzip the bag, both muttering to each other words I couldn't make out. When the bag was fully un zipped I sprung out and pressed the correct pressure points on each guard to make them unconscious "What the heck" one said"Call the-" before the last guard could finish his sentence they both went unconscious. Thankfully no one was around to see so I put my bag back on the belt, got in, and zipped it back up. I had to hurry, no time to hide them. My heart was still pounding, I got caught, but I used my training to get out of it, which is the only good part about the training, gets you out of tough situations. Even though when someone finds them or they wake up they will send a search party looking for me, but hopefully I will be long gone by then, somewhere in America, the land of the free, for now.