
My mom opened up the car door and placed her laptop down on the floor, as for my dad he placed the box on me. "What are these?" I ask, beginning to get worried"Oh," he paused "extra things..." He nudged mom giving her a hint to start the car and get going. I looked inside the box, two fresh dart guns laid staring back at me, my parents were going to come with me and not only help me take the device, but make people unconscious. Of course I was alright with this, they will live,the thing I was worried about is the tracks we will leave behind, once were gone the police will see everything, all of the tracks, they will find us under a matter of minutes... Unless of course we send a message to head quarters saying we need a chopper to pick us up when the mission is done."Hey mom," I ask"Yeah Fran?""Well you know how we're going to get the device and everything,""Yeah,""Well we may need to get out in a hurry, so maybe we should contact headquarters to get us a chopper and pick us up when the job is done,"Mom looked at dad who nodded in agreement with me. She handed the computer to dad who began to type violently."Ok I contacted headquarters," dad said as he clicked a button on the mouse of the computer. I looked out the window, lots of homes passed by as we drove, nothing like Russia. "DING," the computer began to hum with life."Headquarters responded," dad said and he clicked a little link that led to a file. "They say they will be here shortly," he glances at mom. Outside I begin to see the familiar homes and roads that the bus nearly passes everyday, then I see the school, a bunch of cars were parked in front of it as other people parked our dropped off their kids at the front of the school, we found a parking spot and got out."You know the plan," dad said barely even looking at me. I nod and grab my trumpet from the truck of the car and begin to head in. As I walked my dress began to feel heavy because of all of the tools, I had to admit it was really annoying."Francesca wait one second!" It was my moms voice she was holding something in her hand. "So I can contact you just in case something happens," I nod, she wraps the ear piece to my ear. "We can talk to you through this," I smile at her and continue walking. Once I got into the building and walked into the band room I began to set up my things, that's when I got my first call."Francesca, we got a message from headquarters, you need to hurry and get that device, the Americans are sending in people sooner then we expected, so hurry! No time to loose, we will tell you where to go along the way." I pause, I wasn't going to be able to preform, but a job is a job and I had to do it, I went out of the band room apparently not looking behind me.