
"Here you go!" Mom said and she lift up the most beautiful dress I've ever seen, well at least this is the first one I'm actually going to wear. I was on the computer reading over fresh files that Terra sent to us. My dad walked into the room and placed even more boxes down in a thud. "Ahh Fran the man your back from school," he says as he unfolds the boxes, it was raining outside and the boxes were damp from it. "What's in the boxes?" I ask"Dynamite, tranquilizer guns, other things you might need,""Dyna what?!""Dynamite, you are breaking into the school and getting the device today, remember?""What, no one told me that," I looked worried, I was hoping to wait at least another few days. Dad looked at mom and glared. "Yeah..." Mom paused "I forgot to tell you, you have to break in tonight, the Americans are going to heavily guard it tomorrow since they know where going to break in one day or another, this is the only day... Or we could go another day and possibly get killed," she clasped her hands together, "your choice,""Well ok, right after the band concert," I say. Dad looks surprised"It's today? You need to break IN today," he says"Well why cant YOU do it then?" "You know we weren't as well trained as you?" He says scratching his head embarrassed to admit he does not possess such abilities. "Alright," I sigh "I will do it today since I choose to live," I took the dress and began to walk to the bath room to put it on."Wait!" Mom yelled from the kitchen, I turned around, she walked to me holding a box of weapons"There's Pockets in the dress that allow you to hold these," she held out the box for me to take. I took it and resumed walking to the bath room. Turns out, there was many pockets to place stuff in, after getting on the dress I placed all of the tools in the pockets and combed my hair, and left it down. It was almost 5:35 and we lived 5 minutes away from the school"We have to go!" I yelled "Meet us in the car!" Mom yelled back, I walked out of the house and into the car, the sun was going down already, it was late August, the school year just started and we already had a concert, back at Russia we always had a year before we preformed since Terra always wanted us to be perfect. I buckled my seat belt and waited for my parents to come out the door. The door swung open and hit the side of the building, my mom walked out of the door holding a computer, my dad following her holding what looked like two dart guns. I tensed up, what was going on, we weren't going to actually Shoot any one... We're we?