
I woke up at the regular time, when the sun comes up, and packed my things for school, note pads, binders, pencil case, backpack, etc. I grabbed the circular things and placed them in a secret compartment in my bag along with a tracking device I may need if I have time to search around, I then put my hand held dart gun in my bag and placed a couple of darts onto the bottom of my shoes. Once I was stocked with weapons head to toe, you never know when someone breaks your cover, I walked into the living room where Bruno and sarah were typing on their computer"Good your up," bruno said not even looking up from his computer"Ok, you know how you play the trumpet," sarah said as she sipped some of her coffee, I nodded, "well we are asking you to join something called jazz band, you will be able to get more information and seem like a normal kid, it's after school too which means you will be able to search around after," I thought this over, it would be cool to actually get to play the trumpet. Ever since I was little I loved to play it, but never got the time since Terra always said it was unproductive."Here's your classes," sarah said and she gave me a piece of paper.
Home room: with mrs. Andy m103Period 1: social studies mrs. lee b101Period 2: science mrs. Andy m103Period 3: cycle-band mr. Gold a103Period 4: lunch in cafeteria Period 5: language arts reading mrs. Brown b103Period 6: gym with mr. dilts Period 7: language arts, writing, mrs. brown b103Period 8: math mr. White a102Period 9: study hall mrs. Andy in the library
This will be fun trying my best to find my classes let alone act how I'm suppose to act. "Get ready to bored the bus which will take you to school Francesca!" Sarah yelled from the kitchen. I walked outside with all of my supplies and waited for the bus to come up my hill and pick me up. I twiddled my thumbs impatiently until I saw a yellow bus start to climb up the hill, I began to walk towards it, when the bus reached me its doors opened up like elegant gates, I jumped back a little by the site of it. I turned around before boarding to see Sarah and Bruno at the door, they nodded telling me it's time, I nodded back and climbed on.