
The rest of the day was the same as the one before. I was at my locker getting ready for jazz band when Eli came up to me holding one of his circular things. "Do you want to come with me to place this somewhere?" "Yeah sure," I picked up one of my circular things. We began to head down the hall way to the 8th grade wing."So I found a little of space in between these lockers," he shoved his circular thing in between. I then activated mine and placed it in between the lockers."C'mon where going to be late," I said and ran ahead of him. He ran behind me, our foot steps nearly sinked together. When we reached the band room everyone was setting up, I guess we weren't late. We set up our things Eli setting his things up to the right of mine and sat down waiting for further instructions."Hey, your Francesca right?" A voice next to me said. I looked to my left to see a boy who also played the trumpet, he was a grade above me."Yeah, and you are?""Im Jack, and I wanted to let you know that your really good at playing the trumpet," he scratched his head saying this. I blushed a bright red."Thanks,""Are you new around here," Jack said staring right into my eyes"Yes," I replied, Jack had blonde hair with light blue eyes, a tiny bit on the chubby side but at least he wasn't super skinny. "Well I will see you around Francesca," he said then walked away. I turned back to Eli who was frowning, he glared at Jack who gave him a confused face."Who's that," Eli said with a little anger in his eyes."Just Jack,""What he say,""That I'm really good at the trumpet," Eli looked surprised, "you jelly?" I say in a teasing voice"What?! No" I nudged him, he smiled and nudged me back. Turns out while we were playing are little game the teacher said the concert will be right after the band concert, which I was in along with Eli.***I got into my moms car after waving bye to Jack, it was the end of jazz band,"So did you find out who was leaving the other circular things?" She said as the car went forward"Yes, my friend Eli," "You mean the guy you wave to every day after jazz band?" Mom glanced at me with a smile"Yeah, before jazz band we placed more circular things down," "Good, you guys can work together, you should really invite him over one day,""That might be weird," I began to twiddle my thumbs, something I do when I'm impatient, bored, or embarrassed. And now and then nervous."Your good friends right?""Ye-,""C'mon just do it, he may be able to help us find the device," we both go silent as we pull up into the drive way"I will see what I can do," I say"Good girl," mom said and she got out of the car, great now I'm a dog. I got out of the car and slammed the door shut the car raddled in return just like every other old thing in this place. "FRANCESCA COME IN HERE QUICK!!" Dad yelled from the door way, horror and panic filled his eyes"The government of America knows... They know where here..."