
My eyes widen, Jack? Why him, I banged on the glass, he grinned and pulled out something from his back pocket and put it up to the glass, it was a card and it had German writing on it. Thankfully back at Russia I was taught 10 other languages including German"German... Spy..." I read aloud"I know who you are," Jack said a little hard to make out through the door, "we're after the same thing," Jack put his card into his back pocket, "but I'm getting it first," he looked at me and grinned and then walked away. I watched him go into the room next to me. Back at Russia I heard a few things about the German spy's, they may be tough but they have no brains, Jack just locked me in the place were the device is, and he isn't even in the room, I laughed and then began to look around for a latch that leads to the room with the device. I knocked over a couple of the desk franticly looking, I had to get in and out before any one sees. After moving the table a little to the left, I see it, a latch with weird markings. I open it with ease, dust floated out and into my face and up my nose "AHCHOO," I sneezed and wiped my nose, I know gross but I really didn't care. When the dust cleared I looked down the hatch, a long set of stairs going down to where I guess is the device. "Creek," the once again sound of old wood greeted me, was everything in America old? The tunnel of stairs was dark, with only my hand to guide me I couldn't see any thing, the room began to widen, we were coming up to a clearing. The hallway widened into a big room with a huge case in the middle, unguarded, how ridicules, something this important should have guards..."Freeze!" A man with a gun Emerged from the corner"A child?" Another one said"Her name is Francesca or also know as 71564," a familiar voice explained, out came Eli. I reached into my dress looking for the dart gun, I couldn't use the tranquilizer gun, if I did I would cause attention to my self from the noise of the firing of the gun. The dart gun would at least knock the person out for a couple hours and not make a noise. I finally found it in my back pocket and pulled it out keeping it behind my back so that they would not see it. The men were talking to each other still holding up their guns everyone except for Eli who was just talking to the men unarmed, I decided to fire at him last. I loaded my gun with 3 darts and got ready to shoot, I quickly focused my gun at the first man and fired he went down instantly the 2ed man fired his gun, I dodged left and fired at I did so, the man went down. I looked at Eli who was standing in shock, hands in the air, I fired at him anyway, didn't want word to get out, he fell to the ground. I walked forward to the case in the middle of the room stepping over one of the men as I pulled out a stick of dynamite, it was a small stick not to make so much commotion. I placed the stick in the Handel of the case and got out my lighter, I flicked it until there was a light and lit the piece of dynamite I quickly bolted back towards the stairs and even went up a few flights "BANG," smoke emerged from the room. Satisfied, I walked to where the case used to be, a piece of medal on the ground it was the device, I smiled and picked it up. That's when I remembered the men who I knocked out, I checked each of their heart beat, somehow there all still alive."FRANCESCA GET OUT OF THERE, THE AMERICANS ARE COMING, HURRY!" It was moms voice from the thing on my ear, the Americans know I'm down here, it would be only a matter of time before I'm cornered, I ran up the flight of stairs and out the hatch door, no one was up in the room nor outside so I ran out of there as fast as I could, even with the lights out I knew where I was going I didn't care if I bumped into things and got bruises, I need to get out of here, after turning a corner I saw both of my parents waiting for me, they looked worried, that's when I saw someone coming from both of my sides "Throw it!" Dad yelled, and I did as I was told, the device hurled through the air catching sunlight as it did so and landed into my dads hands, they nodded and ran for the chopper outside, I began to run after them until something grabbed me I screamed and turned around, a person holding something that looks like what you take shots with stared back at me, he was wherein a U.S. Uniform, I got caught. I looked to my left, more people wherein the same uniform came straight at me when I looked back towards my parents I saw them climb into the copter, Terra helped them on, she looked my way when are eyes met she saluted me, I looked towards my mom who mouthed the words we will come back for you then the man who was holding me injected the shot, and the last thing I remembered hearing was lights out.(To be continued)
This was not meant to be raciest in any way.