
The bus came at the usually time again, my mom though was standing right next to me knowing that I'm worried to face Eli. Tears began to fill my eyes and drop down my face like rain on a cloudy day."Wipe away those tears," my mom said and she wiped my cheek, "everything will be alright, just stay strong, maybe it's not him," that made me feel a little better even though I knew it wasn't true. The bus rolled up to a stop right In front of me, I took a breath and got on the bus, Eli waved me other but something was off about him, he looked less happy then usual to see me, does he know something I don't? I sat down next to him."So... I heard that the Americans somehow found out that WE are here," he didn't respond, I stared at him trying to search him see what else he's hiding from me."I know you know..." He said looking down at his bag. "I don't believe it... Show me your circular thing," I said, Eli began to pull out one and handed it to me. A little red dot was next to the word Russian. Tears rolled down my eyes, and I looked away from him."I'm sorry, but it's my job," I didn't look up, everything hurt, I don't know why though, it's not actual pain, I didn't get shot, yet I did. *** Throughout the rest of the day I ignored Eli even when he tried to talk to me, I stilled carried on my mission though, I destroyed his circular things and placed more of mine down. Later that day at jazz band I sat next to Jack and not eli who decided to sit on the other side of the room. "Where's you friend Eli?" Jack asked"He's not my friend anymore," "What happened,""I rather not explain," "Hey it's ok I'm here for you," he nudged me and smiled. I didn't exactly want to be friends with anyone who is American but I guess I have to look like an American and stay under the radar so I let him. I glanced over at Eli who looked more upset then ever, he looked like he was about to cry, I looked away and began talking to Jack again who turned out just moved here as well. "Guys, the jazz band and band concert is at 6 tomorrow so be here my 5:45 to warm up," the teacher said, we all nodded. "Alright guys have a nice day, I will see you all tomorrow!" We began to file out of the class room."See you tomorrow Francesca!" Jack said and he headed out of the room."Bye!" I yelled after him. Eli then walked out of the room Turing around to look at me tears filled his eyes, then continued walking. A few seconds later I walked out of the room, making sure I was to not run Into Eli as I left. ***"So was the Eli boy the American spy?" Mom asked with a little bit of hope in her eyes. "No," tears began to fill my eyes"Oh that's too bad, we do have good news though, he stopped putting up those things that disable everything," she smiled."My jazz bands concerts tonight at 6 I need to be there by 5:45," I changed the subject."Ok, I will get you a dress from some boxes we have in the back," we pulled up to our drive way. "I will go get the drees," mom said and she walked inside, I followed her and sat down on the kitchen table waiting for her to get my dress for me.