
"C'mon!"
"Where are we even going?"
"Just run!"
As I ran after Carol I could here the bass of the music getting louder, and I knew where we were going.
"You're,"
*gulp*
"You're so slow," she spoke in a pant.
"You don't seem too fast yourself," I spoke clearly.
"Over here!" yelled Rose from the entrance of the bass blaring house.
Carol and I ran as fast as our legs could take us.
"It took you forty-five minutes to get here. What the heck," said Rose in disappointment.
"Well maybe if Jessie hadn't taken so long to put her face on maybe we would've gotten here a little... a lot more earlier."
"It's not my fault that I look better than you," I said with a grin and a nudge to her shoulder.
As we walked into the foggy house I noticed there wasn't much housing space, but as we walked further the backyard was amazing. Everyone was outside enjoying a drink, splashing into the pool, conversing, dancing, or stealing kisses from their mate. Carol, Rose and I took a few more baby steps and stopped in shock as we heard a painstakingly high shriek.
"JESSIE!" Screamed the same voice.
Alex.
"Oh my gosh it has seriously been too long! Come, come give me a hug then we can get to talking."
Alex was one of those types of girls who could give less of a fuck about what other people say or think. All that matters to her is that she's having a good time. That's one thing I've always envied about her, but I always knew she had the good times with us.
"We're gonna go get a drink wanna come with?" Said Rose.
An arm tugged at me before I had enough time to answer. An ice cold beer was handed over to me and my body was plopped down by the edge of the pool. After a few sips Alex broke our silence.
"Shoot."
"Nothing much to say."
"Shut up! It's been four months since I last saw you. Don't tell me there's 'nothing much to say'. C'mon! Is there a guy? What happened with that college you applied for? How's your job? Was your senior year fun? There's a lot to say. Now, shoot."
"Wow four months?"
"Jessie!"
"Fine, fine," I let out with a giggle.
"You mean Stanford?"
"Yeah! How'd that go?"
"Well."
"Awe, Jessie I'm sorry I didn't me-"
"I start in August," I laughed.
"Don't scare me like that!"
"Senior year was great. You know pretty average for a senior year. I quit my job since I'm going to college in two months, but I started a new job at the community college to volunteer for a project. It'll help me pay for the first two years of my semester, and there's no guy. Thankfully."
"That's great to hear. I'm so happy for you," she took a moment to think before she spoke.
"Thankfully?"
"Yeah. I mean it's not a main priority right now to have a boyfriend."
"Of course it is! What the heck Jessie, you need a man in your life!"
We stood up, our bottles left on the ground.
"C'mon!"
And off we went.