
"What's the favor?" I sighed, glancing at Owen who seemed curious as to what she was talking about. Claire then began to explain she had two nephews who were coming to the island.
"I need you to be their chaperone." Claire finished with a small sigh. I was at a loss for words. A sudden opinion popped into my head, and as usual, I voiced it.
"If they're your nephews, you should be the one taking care of them."
"I don't need you telling me how to live my life Ms. Quill." Claire growled. "I can easily fire you, it's not like you aren't replaceable."
"Try finding someone else who would gladly get up close and personal with every carnivore on this island, let alone get close enough to train them."
Claire was silent on the other line. I awaited her reply.
"Please, Leto. There is absolutely no way I'm able to watch them. Just for the first day of their arrival." Claire pleaded, changing the subject to her nephews. I rolled my eyes. It's always about her isn't it?
"Get your intern to do it, Claire." I grumbled, massaging my temple with my free hand. Claire released a heavy sigh.
"Fine." Claire snapped and ended the transmission. I threw my head back in frustration then clipped the radio to my belt.
"What was that about?" Owen questioned after a moment. I looked to my closest friend whilst shaking my head.
"Claire wanted me to babysit her nephews since she's too busy to spend time with her own family." I replied solemnly. "I don't understand how someone can be that heartless when it comes to kids."
I've always had a soft spot for kids, although I have none of my own, it's always been a thought in the back of my mind. Before I came to the island I was hoping to settle down and have a kid or two but with the profession I have it isn't possible. Working with each of the carnivorous beasts on a daily basis isn't exactly the safest job and I wouldn't want my children motherless. It's hard growing up with one parent.
Owen frowned slightly, seeming to be lost in thought. His expression brightened and he looked toward me. "I have a proposal."
"And that is?" I questioned, his positive attitude contagious. Owen grinned broadly.
"Help me train the raptors."
I cocked an eyebrow at Owen, taken back by his sudden suggestion. "Why do you need my help? You seem to be doing well."
Owen shook his head. "They listen here and there, but I've seen the way you are with the other carnivores, you get them to listen. Almost like they're under a spell."
Leto laughed. "Owen, you know as well as I do that the key for training is discipline and respect."
"I do know that, but you have a way with them. And I think it would benefit the raptors."
Leto shrugged. "I guess I'll give it a shot."
Owen pulled Leto into a side hug, smiling widely. "Thanks, Mars."
"Anytime, Raptor Lord."