
I walked out of the room and waited for further instructions."Ok go to m103, the device is hidden under that room," Well that was a coincidence my Homeroom is m103 and it held the device, I chuckled at the thought of it and then began to head towards the m hallway, it was a little harder to see since the people turned off the lights to save energy, something we also do in Russia, even during the times we train. A little behind me I could hear foot steps that have been fallowing me for quite some time, at first I thought the person was just heading to get a drink or go to the bathroom and just happened to be going the same way I was going but something told me I was being watched. I hid behind a door to get a closer look, someone emerged from the hallway, it was a boy about my age, it was Eli. I stepped out from behind the door so that he could see me, when Eli did he stumbled backwards"Why are you following me," I ask, well I did know the answer, he was trying to stop me, but I wanted him to say it for himself, he doesn't respond instead he turned around and rushed back to the band room, something's up, I turn around and keep walking towards homeroom ignoring the fact something was about to happen, was he trying to warn me? Well nothing unusual besides the fact that most of the lights are out. I find the m hallway and tried to make out each doors number and letter seeing if it was m103, after a long time of squinting at each door I finally found m103. I placed my hand on the door Handel and pushed down, locked. I began to search my dress pockets to see what useful item I may be able to use, besides the dynamite which I'm not using just to open a door I had nothing. I scratched my head, and felt a boby pin, bingo, I took it out of my hair and sticked into the little key hole, with a click, the door swung open, darkness greeted me. I slowly steeped in and looked around, nothing unusual, then right as my two feet were fully inside the door slammed closed "BANG," and then I heard it lock, who ever it was must of had a plan to trap me in here and something told me it was Eli, I peered out the window, every door at this American school had one, and I saw Jack.