
At the Batcave.....
"Gee how long has it been since we been sent back from regular world?" Asked Dick
"It's only been a month." Sighed Tim
Then lights flashed in the center of the cave. that's when I appeared.
I coughed and sputtered the air, "Well Nathan looks like we have another failed experiment." I frowned talking in to him from my phone.
"Arf." Said Pepper my Black Lab Mix
"Gin?" Said a male's voice behind me
I turned around and saw 2 boys with black hair.
"Dick...? Tim?" I said getting on my feet
"Gin?" Tim smiled and ran to me and Gave me a hug
"Hey Tim." I hugged back
"Look at you you've grown."
"Yep 16 now." I said with a smile
"Nice new clothes." Smiled Dick
"Thanks it's my new style." I smirked. I was wearing a blue shirt, with a black leather jacket, shirt tights, purple hair band, red side purse, black high tops, and fingerless gloves.
"Hey no glasses." Smiled Tim
"Yeah I got contacts."
"Pepper hey girl." Smiled Dick bending down in front of her to pet her
"So how are you 16?" Asked Tim
"Well in the comics you only age if the writers want you to age." I said with a smile
"Awesome. So let me guess another failed experiment?" Joker Dick still petting Pepper
"Yep."
"How's Nathan?" Asked Tim
"Oh dang I forgot I was still talking to him. Hey Nate get all that?"
"Yep hey Bat Bros." said Nathan from the phone
"Hey Nathan your voice is deeper." Joked Tim
"Yeah anyway the machine is bust but I know how to get you home Gin when it's built again."
"How long will that take?" I asked
"For a couple years."
"Aw man my mom is going to kill me."
"Yeah well I have to go and fix the Machine I'll text you the updates."
"Ok." I hung up and sighed, "Well I'm stuck here for a while."
"That's cool you did the same kindness for us so we repay you back." Smiled Tim
"So where is everyone?" I asked
"Oh Jason's upstairs. Damian is with Bruce on patrol." Explained Dick
"Sweet you think Jase will be happy to see me?" I asked with a little worry
"Oh yeah."
We walked towards he elevator with Pepper following along.
When we got up there I couldn't believe my eyes.
"Wow." I said, "This place is bigger than the comic books say it is."
Dick Laughed at my expression, "Come on Jase is in the Kitchen."
"With this house I'm going to have to use a ball a string just to find the Bathroom."
The brothers laughed at me.