
Your POV     You had just come home from your last day of school. for the summer of course. you wanted to see your boyfriend Peyton so bad, but he was on set. far away from you.
Incoming call. Your phone read. You looked at the screen and saw it was your wonderful boyfriend Peyton. "Hello?" "Hey baby." he said. "how was your last day of school?" "Uh it was alright, until I realized I wouldn't get to see you for another two weeks." "Are you sure about that?" "Yes I have the date right here, on my calendar." "Why don't you go ask your mother." "Okay."
"Mom I have Peyton on the phone, and he told me to ask you something about the date for me to go see him?" "Oh right, here." She handed you a white envelope. "What's this?" "Just open it babe." You heard Peyton say through the phone, and you remembered he was on there still. "Okay." You opened it and saw a plane ticket for tonight, and you started screaming, knowing you would get to see your boyfriend by tomorrow. "Ahhhhhhhhh! Mom thank you so much. Ahhhhhh!!!!" "Your welcome, but Peyton sent the ticket, I just had to agree." "Awe thanks babe, and thanks for agreeing mom." "Okay I've gotta go pack. Bye mom, talk to you later babe."
~skip plane ride~
When I had finally landed I went and got my luggage, and waited around. I had texted Peyton before I had landed, so I hoped he would be hear by now. "Is this seat taken?" I recognized that voice. I turned around, and saw... "PEYTON!!" "Hey baby!" We hugged for like six minutes tops. "C'mon lets go home." "Okay."
~ skip ride home~
Once you were inside, and unpacked, you went and sat down on the couch. Peyton came into the room too, and then sat down next to you. "I've missed you so much Peyton." "I know, because I've missed you so much more." "Not possible." "Yes possible." "Peyt?" "Yeah babe?" "Can we cuddle?" "Of course. C'mere." You scooted over to him and laid  down. His arms wrapped tight around your waist and your head in the crook of his neck. "I love you Y/N." "I love you too Peyton." Just like that you both fell asleep, cuddling into each other.