
The more people that bet on me, the more money I get for my mom and me. My mom's a single mother, my dad died in a car accident and will we just went down hill from there.
I got tired of seeing my mom work over time at the hospital. We needed money and I was determined to get some. I wasn't going to sell any drugs or sell myself either. My money problems were all solved when my uncle saw me driving.
I was racing some guy that said 'girls are only good for one thing and that's too fuck and clean'. So me being the tough bitch I am, I called him out. He said that if I could beat him at a race then he would give me his Bugatti and $10,000. So of course I accepted the challenge.
I ended up winning and that's when my uncle said that I should start racing for money. Now I win $100,00 dollars a week. My mom doesn't even have to work anymore but I guess she likes the job or just wants to pass the time.
She doesn't know how I get the money, but she said as long as I'm not selling drugs or myself I could keep doing it. The other thing she doesn't know is that my races are late at night, she would never let me go out at twelve in the morning so I usually have to sneak out of my room.
The only bad thing is that my room is two stories high and I have, my only window, in front of my neighbors window. Good thing the house has been empty for a month. So it's been easy to sneek in and out of my house, without waking up my mom.
Now, to see my new baby!
~~~~ (ﾉ*>∀<)ﾉ♡ ~~~~
Hello my beautiful readers!!  I hope you liked the first chapter and I hope you've made it to the end of the chapter!!  I know I've been adding and deleting a whole bunch of stories, but I hope this once works out!!
So tell me did I do good or did I just wright this for no reason?? Tell me what you think!! And I know it's late but I've been having trouble sleeping, so I just thought it would be a good idea to make this story!! I'll update my other books some time this week, love y'all!!
lol (lot of love),
Houston149