
Hi i'm Alex and I blame my dragon Fire Star for getting me into this mess. I mean who even tells a dragon to met them in front of cabin 2 any way. Okay Leo did so ya but still Hera still blamed me.
Any way I guess that I should start from the beginning.
Leo was bored so wanted to talk to his friend Fire Star or Star your probably thinking what kinda name is Star well for human and dragon that's normal shes my friends pet. And she is a water dragon and so now your thinking that having a human as a pet sounds strange but. She was just a clear sighted mortal but when she bumped in to a  angry daughter of Hecate.  She was accidentally changed and so the girl got sad and helped her out by letting her go dragon to human since the dragon curse was irreversible  and her friends had the same problem but only different. So in dragon from she and her friends became pets. Only one is a pegasus another a hippocampus and her twin a metal dragon don't even ask so when Star showed up. They walked to bunker nine she also is a fire user from being a dragon so. Festus automatically loved her and her twin even more. Little did they know that she got scorch marks on cabin 2 the Hera cabin
MEAN WHILE ON OLYMPUS Hera's P.O.V
How could they dishonor me i'm the Queen of Olympus not a minor god I mean scorch marks on my cabin I'll do something to them so big that it will embarrass them in front of all of their little friends no i'll do it to the seven,Nico, pets,and that Leo kid's favorite little things what were they oh yes Happy,Buford,and that Argo thing i'll make them girls and human they will pay pay for dishonoring me they will pay she flicked her wrist and poof it happened
IN THE POSEIDON CABIN Annabeth's P.O.V
I was in Percy's cabin something happened to Percy we were just talk when a bright light shone around him so bright I had too close my eyes when I heard Percy scream but quickly became a girl's scream my eyes shot open as the light lifted her up then faded and instead of Percy it dropped a girl who eyes shut open and said "man that gave me a headache  what happened to my voice Annabeth?" but she looked down and said "WHAT IN HADES HAPPENED TO ME"the girl yelled I jumped back "what did  you do to Percy " I asked the girl"I-I-I am P-P-Percy "she said shuttering at each word "if you are tell me something only Percy would know" i said back "before we fell into Tartarus I made Nico promise to me us on the other side of the doors of death"she replied after a moment of thinking "Percy what in Hades happened witch god did this to you"I yelled at Percy"I don't know but I have a felling i'm not alone " after that we ran to cabin 1,4,5,8,10,11,13,and 27 (the Cymopleia cabin ) and then bunker 9 to find a girl being shock by Star "its Leo" she  said her eye shot open when 2 other girls ran up and "creator"they said another yelled "fixer" that woke up the unconscious girls in their girl friends arms ( Lou Ellen was in the Hermes cabin with Connor )
AN sory its so short but first fic so yeah Allrights go to Uncle Rick I own my Ocs and the plot line nothing else