
He leaned against his desk "I just like to get to know the new be's that cross over to the dark side."
I leaned against my chair and narrowed my eyes to look serious "one question, do you have skittles on the dark side?"
I saw the guys in the back smile at what I said. Hey, if I go to the dark side I need my skittles!
Alejandro smirked " Will,  I can assure you that the dark side has many candies. Alot of them help you loosen up on a day full of stress."
Is he talking about drugs? If he is, he doesn't have to say it like I'm a little kid.
"Really, I think I'd like to try them some time." I said turning around and facing straight again.
"Please, the types of candies we have are not the type a nerd like you could handle." I turned around and looked at who just said that. Dam Bruce, always trying to cause Shit.
"And the things I do on a weekly basis, are not the type of things a guy like you could handle. So I wouldnt be talking." I retorted
He looked at me, but only to give me a death glare and then turned back to what ever he was staring at. "and what kind of things would a nerd like you be doing?"
I smiled "It's none of your concern, but I'm give you a hint, I go way faster then any one of you can go."
"What the hell is that supposed to mean?" Drew, Bruce's other minion said.
"Just a hint, I obviously can't tell you what I do sooo" I said with a 'duh' expression.
"But why can't you tell us? Is it something illegal?" Jason, another minion, said excitingly.
"Are you a prostitute?" Vincent the fourth and final minion said, with eyes that looked like jaw breakers.
I turned so quick that my neck could of popped. "Please, I actually like myself. And I make alot of money with the job I already have."
"So then are you a drug dealer?" Alejandro said.
I shook my head frantically "Hell no!!!"
I ignored them until the bell rung, signaling that yet another boring class was done. Last period was about to start and I needed to go to my garage.
"Will boys this was fun but I have to go home now." I said already getting up and walking out the door.
"Wait!" I think Drew yelled.
I turned "Yeah?"
"Are you skipping you're last period?"
I narrowed my eyes and slowly nodded.
"Wow, I didn't think a nerd like you would be skipping a class."
"Well, you know I have a life. Plus I have somewere very important to be right now." I said running a hand through my brunette colored hair.
"Cool, I guess I'll see you around then, Um...."
"Oh, Rachel"
He smiled and nodded. I walked out of the room,
I need to go to my garage and check on my new Venom GT!!
I bought that bad boy a year ago and they just finished making it!! I'm so excited, I can't wait to race it!
Good thing it's a Friday!! And thank god I have a race tomorrow! I love being a street racer!! I mean all the new cars and the adrenaline when the cops are on your tail during a race, it's just so exciting!! plus, the money that I make every time I win a race!