
I was already at my garage.The 'Garage' is really a big ware house where I keep all my cars. It's kind of like the one from fast and furious 5. I have my mustangs, Bugattis, stingrays, Lamborghinis, Corvettes, Ferraris, Camaros, and now a new addition to the family, The Venom GT! Just imagine how much money I've spent on all of my cars, with still some to spare!! That's how good of a racer I am!
I parked my Eos volkswagen in the back of the 'Garage'.
I can't have people thinking I'm a goodie two shoes, going around and driving a slow and save car. I mean I have people who don't even know I go to school, and I can't ruin my rep. I know it sounds ridiculous, but hey as long as I get the dough I'm cool. I'm so stupid, here I am talking to myself.
I unlocked the garage door, "ED, YOU HERE?!?" I yelled as I turned to lock the door as I entered. Ed was my mechanic, he changed my cars oil, gives my babies water, and keeps them nice and shiny. Sure he was an employee but I always thought of him as a friend.
I heard no answer, he's probably asleep in his office again.
"ED!........."
"Ed, gosh dam it!! Answer!"
"WHAT THE HELL DO YOU WANT!?!" I heard him yell from his office.
I knew it!
"Did my venom get here?"
I saw his head pop out of his office door. "Yeah, it just got here about 20 minutes ago. It looks nice, come on I'll show you." he said excitingly.
He rushed to my side and grabbed my arm. he started to tug me along to the back of the garage. We came to a car covered with a black sheet.
"Is that it?" I asked, he nodded
"Go on, it's not going to bite you"
I slowly walked towards the covered car. I reached my hand out and grabbed the black sheet. I quickly ripped it off and was amazed at how beautiful it was.
It was jet black and was just shining in the light. My new venom GT, they only make ten per year, and I was lucky enough to be one of those ten people!
I ran my fingers over the hard metal. "Wow, this is supposed to be one of the fastest cars in the world! and I have the privilege of being one of ten people to get one this year."
"Yup, and I should be finished with her check up at 11. Just in time for your race tonight." Ed said with a smile.
"Thanks Ed, Remind me to give you a raise." I said still in awe
"With pleasure.... I think you'd better get going before your mom starts to panic again." My mom has this strange theory that if I don't come home on time, she thinks I'm kidnapped. It's crazy I know.
oh crap what time is it? I took out my phone from my back pocket, it read 3:40. Just in time for school to end.
"Alright, I'll see you later Ed, bye! Don't forget to check on My Violet mustang. I think she needs a new oil change OK?"
He nodded his head. I waved him off and walked towards the back exit to get to my slow and safe Eos.
I got in and drove off home.
Shit, I have to make an excuse note for my absence in seventh period! I'll just say I wasn't feeling well and that I needed to go home. then on the note I'll just forge my moms signature. Yeah I'll do that plus put up an 'I'm still kinda sick' act.
I might be a nerd but I'm still a cool chick. I mean I don't bury my face in a book 24/7, I have a life. Or in this case, a secret life that my mom doesn't even know about. All she know is that I bring the Money, in!
~~~~  (╯3╰) (*'∇｀*)  ~~~~
Hello my beautiful readers!!  I hope you all liked this second chapter!!  I'm still working on the next chapter for mahw (My alpha his wrestler) and I'm still editing TAB (the alpha's brother), but I'm almost done just a couple more chapters and I can update it!! I hope you love this story and I promise you that this is just the beginning of a good book!
lol , (Lots of love)
Houston149