
I was dreading sixth period, reading. Not only did we have to read a whole entire book but we had to make an essay of what we thought the book was trying to teach us. Fun right? Not really.
I was reading a book about Alexander the great. So far he's been conquering a whole lot of states, If that's what you could call them.
I was getting really bored and I just couldn't handle it anymore. I mean sure I might be the nerd sometimes but in reading, I just couldn't handle the boredom of reading silently.
I have to get out of here.
I think it's time to go to detention, but I can't just go up to the teacher and say
"hey Miss, this crap is really boring and I was wondering If I could go to the gym instead of being here?"
and expect her to answer like
"Oh sure honey, do you want to go now or just go to the bathroom first?"
Now that would be an awesome day at school. Ok, now I need a plan. I'll start whistling and just wait for someone to complain. Once they complain I'll insert an insult. Then the teacher will say something like 'That is not tolerated in my class, detention!',but thank god that we have a substitute today! Because if we didn't I wouldn't of even thought of a plan.
OK, I might be a slight nerd but that doesn't take away my fun! Being a nerd actually gives you some perks! Like when you need a perfect plan to get you out of a class, or you need something from the teachers that your actually nice to.
Now, it's time to put my plan in action. I started to whistle let it snow, it was the only song that came to mind. Someone in the back shooshed me. I turned and narrowed my eyes at whoever did it. I turned back around and yawned loudly.
"young lady, If this is so boring that it had you yawning. Then maybe you should read in detention." the sub said
"I don't know maybe I should sleep here before I go to detention." I said
"Very will then, I'll give you an office referral and you can just go straight there" I nodded, that's not what you're supposed to do here but, hey she's a sub she doesn't know anything about this school.
She got a piece of paper and a pen "Now whats your name?"
I can't give her my real name, because if she tells the real teacher then I'm screwed. "Um, it's Casey Anthony" That's a good fake name!
She nodded and started to Wright my office referral. She handed me it and waved me off. I smirked, dumb teacher didn't even sign the piece of paper. I went back to my desk and gathered my things. I waved her off and she gave me a death glare.
I made my way to the detention room.
here goes nothing.
I opened the door only to see a teacher sleep at his desk and five guys in the back of the class. I looked at the guys in the back of the class immediately recognized four as Bruce O'Brien's little gang and the fifth was none other than Bruce O'Brien himself.
I picked the perfect time to go to detention didn't I?
I walked in and sat in the first row of the class. The farther I am from them there better. My be if I stay quiet they'll ignore me?
"Aww look guys we have a new be.... so what did you do to get kicked out?" One of his minions asked me. I think his name was Alejandro?
So much for being ignored.
I turned and looked at him "Why do you care?"