
Im Sitting with the mauders at lunchAs usual. Lily walks by and says "Hello Remus how are you? How was your summer?" She asks him "I'm doing fine. My summer mainly consumed of being at  Prongs house." He answers "how was yours." He asks"Well my parents were taken and were driven insane by Crusiatus curse and my sister blames me for that. They are at a muggle hospital right now awaiting death. Other than that I stayed with Alice the rest of the summer." Lily says "Wait your family was attackek." Peter asked "Yeah." She answered "I'm sorry but can you sit down and tell us about that day." Sirius says"Oh it's fine and Ok, I used magic in the presence of my parents  and remember I turn 17 in a few weeks. Ok, and the aurors started flashing in through my chimney. They needed my help and so I did what they said to do. I was terrified because I saw Voldemort there and he vanished because he was loosing. Death eaters got my parents and used the torture curse on my parents in front of me. The aurors literally had to several spells to kill the death eaters. After that I was apperated to saint Hugos and my parents were taken to a muggle hospital and are awaiting death. My family's basically blaming this on me because I was the only one at my house during the attack by family I mean sister." She pauses for a second to take a breath and Continues "I spent two weeks at the hospital  and Alices parents claimed me as theirs and I will be living there until Alice graduates from hogwarts. Then that night in the hospital the aurors came and told me I have the perfect potential to be an auror. They said if I wanted a position they'd gratefully except me they are looking for new aurors and they told me who they were looking for to recruit." Lily says Peter got up and left half way through her story. "Who?" Sirius asked "Alice Prewitt,  Lily Evans, Remus Lupin, Sirius Black, James potter, Jasmine Fisher, Author Weasley, there's more I just can't remember them all."  She sat and ate lunch with us for the first time since we stepped foot in hogwarts 6 years ago. By the time dinner came I was exhausted. I had no idea lily had this much energy. After dinner we wen to the common room. I still had no idea why she was so jittery. "Why are so so jittery today." I ask "Tomorrow is my birthday." She says Oh October 4th. "Happy early birthday." I say We finish our rounds. She has to do rounds tomorrow with Remus. She's a perfect and head girl. She heads up the girls stairs and I head up the boys stairs. I will make her mine.