
"NATE, VI, hurry your asses up! We're gonna leave you two here if you dont get your butts here NOW!"
Trust me, that would be a great thing being left alone with Vi, but luckily yet sadly Harmony, Mark or Cathrine would never leave any of us behind, we made a promise as a gang, just when we where about grade 4.I could hear Cathrine still swaking about us as I layed in bed.I got up.I opend my door but as I open it I encounter Vi, it looked like she had her fist ready to knock.
"Uhh"
We just stood there in the door way, awkwardly looking at eachother until she put her hand down.
"I-I was about to knock"She stuttered
Funny girl she was.
"Violet, don't be ridiculous, I know you more than anyone, since when do you knock?"
She shook her head, grabbed my wrist and dragged me to the car.
"Finally! You guys are here" Mark sighed of relief as he started the engine.
Now let me tell you, Vi or Violet, as her parents call her, may look innocent, well nope, she's a complete hubub wrapped into a pretty girl... A catastrophe, she's my best friend though, always holding my hand even though she's one of the toughest people I know.
Holding hands must have something to do back in grade 1 when we had to work as a pair, obviously us two where together but we where the only 'boy-girl' pair in the class, anyway it was some sort of trust activity at first we refused to hold hands which coincidentally was part of the activity. There was a slight hill on the playground and if you fell of it you'd land in poinson ivy, yeah, pretty terrible.
Long story short Vi slipped and I managed to grab her hand right before she skidded down, to this day she says she never needed my help but inside she knows I was her hero. When I caught her and pulled her up she started to cry, it was the first and last time I saw her cry, not knowing we where still holding hands, we made it through the day like that until it was home time, Vi was about to run to her mother but she was pulled down by my arm, we relised we where still holding and let go, making sure no one was looking she hugged me. First and last hug.
Well back to the present time.I looked down to see my 3 centre fingers clenched in her hand. The five of us started to hear weird noises from the car.
"Mark, whats with the car noises?"
"I dont know"The car suddenly stopped coincidentaly infront of a big beautiful house. It was also night time so we planned on asking the owner of the house if we could stay. The five of us got out and walked to the front.After knocking tentatively on the door a boy, most likely the same age peaked through the door.
"Can I help you?" He said, trying to rub off a small spill of wine on his new-looking white blazer.