
Authors note Carter will be the picture above which is Colton Haynes!!! Also it starts out a bit boring but please keep on reading Vote-like-comment :D
Flashback 2 years ago
The emergency room was cold the lights were dim and everything looked sad and washed out this is the place of death I thought. My body ached my heart was shattered. I held back tears refusing to cry. I waited longing for death, longing to be gone from the hands of my abusive father. I had no mother she left me when she ran away from my father because of how cruel he was. But now my father was gone he was caught by the police and I was taken to the ER because of the chair he broke on my back. Its weird how I have no seeable scars the only ones i have hide behind my shirt or are in my heart. The things people see are just broken bones or the bruises or my empty expresion. No one really sees my pain but its best if they dont because they don't understand they dont care they are just doing there job. Its weird how I let him hurt me because I am bigger and stronger but my father he scared me he made me feel small like I couldn't fight back or run away so I had to take the blows and move on and live as if no one ever loved me I played sollitar spin the bottle kissing my wounds because no one was there to kiss them for me. At night while the others slept I walked the tight rope I was cold I was afraid I was ready to die yet I couldn't ever kill myself because I was a coward and I couldn't bring myself to do it so I was alive but I really never lived. Maybe I never would.
End of flash back
I walked down to my locker and spun my combination. Hearing giggles as girls passed by. I new they liked me but I never would talk to them or even look at them and they knew that everyone did. I learned that its best to be alone its best to feel nothing then to feel pain and that's how I will always live.I closed my locker and walked to my math class math is my favorite because it has problems that can be solved unlike mine I sat down in the back my the window like I usually do and looked at the board I groaned when I saw we where going to have assigned partners. Mr. Callaway stood up at the front and looked up his wrinkled face looked worn and tired from many years of teaching. I personally thought he was a great teacher but others thought otherwise. "Ok class we will now be doing a partner projects as in for the rest of the year so I advise you get along with you partners or you will get an F at the end of the year. Also split the work in half so one does the evens and the other does the odds" Some people groaned and some looked pleased. I turned to the window and watched a bird by the tree I was delighted by its presence but when it flew away I felt empty again. I sighed and looked back at him. He called everyone's name and told them who their partners were I waited for my name to be called dreading to have to do this. "Carter Harper with Summer Davis" I looked up to see her looking back at me with no emotion on her face perhaps she knew I would never talk to her or perhaps she thinks we will get an F at the end of the year. "You may now go to your partners and start your project." He said sounding as bored as always. She finally gave me a shy smile and motioned me over I hesitated then moved to her. I sat down then set my binder and papers down. I looked at my binder trying not to look at her"So" she said cautiously which caused me too look up i stayed queit and she was looking at me intently waiting for me to say something but looked afraid. I wondered if maybe she heard the rumors that people spread because the didn't know me they said I killed people they said I sold drugs they said I raped. But none were true they just judged me because they didn't understand me. "Okay..." she said letting out a breath she was holding. " let's start I guess you do the evens and I do the odds sound good" she said cutting through the silence again. I nodded once and got my paper of the table. We worked on our work sheets I finnished extremely fast and pulled out my book to read. "Wow that was really fast your really smart you know that right?" She said looking up slightly. I looked up to see her she smiled and I just looked back down at my book. She sighed and mumbled something that sounded like 'yes I am glad you noticed thank you summer'"Um can you help me on this" she said quietly after a couple of minutes. I sighed and put down my book.I showed her how to do it and she nodded every 5 seconds. I immediately knew she didn't understand so I explained it more thoroughly she finally understood and did it right. "Thanks" she mumbled then finished her work we checked each others work and handed it in. Mr Callaway looked up at us and smiled he checked it and we got 100%."Just like always huh" he said putting the score in on the computer and handing out papers back finally he handed us a giant smack of papers."I knew you guys would finish fast and so here is all the work you need done by the end of the year which is a couple of months away so get on with it. " he shooed us away and I clenched my jaw I am going too have to be around Summer for a longer time. Summer wide eyed put the papers down on the table and she gave me my work sheets."So you always do the evens and I do the odds ok?" "Ok" I said quietly after awhile of her staring at me. "And he talks" she said jokingly. I looked at her and she smiled I sighed and started on my work. "Okay..." she said trailing off. Once the bell rang she said "see ya around Carter" and I gave her a slight nod then she left. Once she was gone I let out a breath I was holding. I knew she was staring at me trying to figure out my story the whole time maybe she was judging me too. I closed my eyes relaxing my vision then I headed to my locker once I got my stuff I walked out and was pelted with rain I moved to where there was no rain and watched the raindrops hit the floor. I groaned whishing I hadn't walked to school today too bad I thought and walked out and let the rain drench me I didn't really care now so I just went on after a few minutes a grey challenger drove up and rolled down their window. "Hey get in the car Carter its rainfall your going to get sick" I looked up and saw Summer waving me twoards herI nodded no and she said "oh come on im trying to be nice get in the car" she said she looked offended and angry. I walked a bit further but then took a turn and opened the car door warm air blasted onto my cold cheeks making me shiver. "Here" she said handing me a towel that she had in her back seat. I took it and rubbed it in my hair then sat on it to keep me from wetting the car. She took a left and soon we arrived at my house."How did you know"I said a bit confused. "Oh I live 3 houses down" she replied as if I was already supposed to know. I nodded then got out of the car. "Your welcome" she called out waiting for me to answer. "Thanks" I said quietly then walked towards my house."Hey later if you want you can come over to do the work.. im not that good at it as you could see in class I will need help. So ya come over whenever" she gave me a smile then backed out of my drive way. I looked at her leave and felt the pang of being lonely again. I signed and went into my house. I walked to my room and pulled out my sheet music I made and my guitar and started to play a tune that sounded like my emotions.