
Brooke made her way to Aunt Gracies coffee shop. Her blue back pack slung over her shoulder. Her copper hair falling over her shoulder. She pushes up her black rimmed glasses and opens the door the bell jingling. She sees him. The light shining off his dark brown hair. His crystal blue eyes following the words of the newspaper. She smiles slightly and makes her way over sitting across from him. She takes out her book as the waitress comes over. She orders her usual, black coffee.
He looked up at her steal grey eyes, how the light shone off her copper hair. Benjamin Abbot sips his carmel macchiato. His smile brightens as she orders her coffee. He continues reading his newspaper as the waitress brings back her coffee. She thanks her. Her smooth and quiet voice always brightens his day.
She takes off her glasses and her hand knocks the coffee over. She gasps and shoots up as the hot coffee spills over her lap, staining her floral dress, and all over her pastel blue book. She squeals and Ben shoots up grabbing napkins and helping Brooke. She begins whiping her dress. The odd thing is...neither of them knew each others names.
"Hey..." He looks up as she sits, as does he.
Her head shoots up. He's never spoken to her, never acknoledged that she was there "H-hi.." She stutters, her grey eyes wide.
"Im Benjamin, call me Ben" he puts his hand out.
"I-Im B-Brooke" She smiles shaking his hand.
"You were in Mrs.Red's class right? Senior year? You helped me with my math?"
"No, that was Minny Dropkins, I understand how you could mess us up. We both have copper hair and glasses, except for Minny, who does not"
He goes red "Sorry Brooke. I don't have a very good memory"
She smiles snorting a little "Its okay, its cute when your nervous"
He laughs sheepishly "Im not nervous"
She shakes her head smiling "Ive always known you as the captin of the football team, escpecially when you dated Riley Cornish. Captin of the cheer squad"
"Yeah, I guess I was peer pressured to do that. I always knew you as the cute, quirky, girl that was always in the library."
She blushes smiling "It was nice finally talking to you"
"You too" he smiles.
She puts her now dry book, in her bag and stands up. Saying goodbye to Ben and heading to the sidewalk and hailing a taxi in the busy London, England. She hops in telling the driver to head to her small and cozy apartment building on Fairtown Lane. The taxi driver nods and they make small talk.
"See you tomorrow morning Brooke!" George, the taxi driver, waves as Brooke hops out of the taxi.
"Bye George" she smiles walking into the apartment building.
She opens her apartment door greeted by the dead silence. She sighs and walks in. Brooke goes into the kitchen and sees she has one message on the phone. She walks over and begins playing the message.
"Hey, its Ben. I was wondering if you wanted to come to a family dinner with me tonight? Call me back when you get the chance. Bye"
Brooke smiles and immedeatly calls back "Hey, Id love to come for dinner"
"Great, Ill come get you at 8? Where do you live?"
"The apartment building on Horsecruck Venue, apartment 346"
"Thanks" He laughs and hangs up.
She plops onto her couch smiling sighing.