
As i sit here again it gets me thinking whats the point anymore
Whats the point in living when i lost the one person who ever cared about me
My name is Laura and I lived with my mum and only my mum. My dad ran off when i was born so my mum raised me but she died from cancer leaving me alone in this world i now live with me Aunt Sarah and Uncle Derick with my two cousins Jasmine who is 13 and Lilly Mae who is 7. Im 17 and have no purpose left in this world i really don't. At school no-one notices me im the quiet girl in the class who sits at the back and get on with every thing

Right now im sat on the roof of my school where i always sit when i need to think about everything. Honestly right now i want my mum i want everything to go back to how it was me and my mum talking about the problems and having girly evening but i guess i have to accpet that isn't going to happen againSarah and Derick tries to make me feel better but they can't see im this close to ending everything to giving into life and losing mine
"Laura!" Lilly Mae yelled as i walked into her school grounds to pick her up"hey lilly" i said picking her up and putting on my fake smile i always do"guess what i did today" she said holding my hand as we walked home"i don't know, what did you do" i asked"I did finger painting. I did you one and mummy and daddy and jasmine" she said giggling"thats amazing Lilly" i said she giggled again and began swinging her hands
"Mummy mummy!" lilly squelled running inside when we got inside"hey baby" Sarah said picking her up and tickling her"she has a present for you" i said lilly nodded and got 4 pictures out her bag"i did the sun for daddy a house for you a purple flower for Jasmine and a me and Laura for Laura" she said showing Sarah"these look amazing Lilly Mae" Sarah praised rather staying and listening i grabbed my bag and headed upstairs where i laid on my bed
"Laura!" Derick yelled upstiars"yeah" i yelled back"dress up nice we are going to my new work colleges house for dinner" he siad i sighed and went to my closet and picked out a smart casual skater dress which was a creamy white"you ready?" Derick said knocking on my door i opened it and he smiled at me"you really do look like Ellen" he siad i smiled at him and he pulled me into a hug"thanks" i replied into his chest
"She would be so proud of the young lady you are" he said pulling away"I hope so" I said
"I know so, Your a beautiful strong young lady the spitting image of her when she was your age. you remind me so much of her when we were kids" he said i smiled and we walked out and downstairs still thinking about what he said