
All Night Long - Short Teaser
Next Update: Saturday
There are a lot of things that I lack of. But sleep was one of the most important things that I, unfortunately, lack off. It's not because I pulled an all-nighter to watch a movie, read a book, or work on a project. It's because I'm Insomniac.
Being Insomniac isn't easy or healthy. Experiencing insomnia means staying up all night, waking up early in the morning, difficulty falling asleep and feeling tired as soon as you wake up.
And that caused me to buy sleeping pills which, by the way, ruined my life. There was one time I had a mild headache and I couldn't sleep. I took one pill, nothing worked. So I took the second, then I took the third one, I started getting dizzy and I started seeing black dots. Then I completely blacked out.
The next thing I knew, I was placed in a mental hospital with hundreds of other patients that really needed help. My parents, doctors and everyone in my town believed that I was going to kill myself by eating a lot of pills. I tried explaining, but of course who would believe a 19-year-old male that was placed in a mental hospital? My parents tried taking me to support groups and psychologists but I told them that nothing would work out because I didn't want to commit suicide.
My parents still weren't convinced, and they wouldn't let me go back to College because they want to keep an 'eye' on me. I tried to convince them but nothing worked, so I decided to take a gap year and stay with them.
So here I am, a year later, standing in front of Hudson College Of Arts, the college I dreamed and worked hard for to get in. Hudson College Of Arts wasn't like any of the other colleges out there. Hudson College Of Arts provided the best education in our country and the only way to enter it is that you have to have high marks and high GPA.
I walked to the Dean's office, for he asked to see me in the email he sent me last night.
Email:
Dear Mr. Fetcher
We are thrilled to hear that you are coming back to the Hudson College Of Arts, seeing as you were one of the best students in the college. We hope that you had a great year off college and cleared your mind. If you don't mind, can you please come to my office in the morning? I would like to discuss the dorm situation and a lot more.
I hope you have a wonderful day.
Sincerely,
Dean Winchester.
I knocked on the Dean's office door and took a big breath in.
"Come on in," He said. I made my way in the office. I looked around, nothing changed in the office since I last came in.
"Ahh, Mr. Fetcher. It's nice to see you again. You cleaned up nicely," He referred to my outfit. I looked at him with a bored look in my eyes. He clearly saw the look because he started talking about what he wanted to talk about. He started babbling and I wasn't focusing because there, on his office table, was a picture that took all my attention.
It was a picture of a girl with a brown hair. She was young, like 4- year-old. But what captured my attention is that she looked a lot like my mother. There was a weird feeling in my stomach, but I ignored it.
"So is it fine with you?" Harvey, the dean, brought me back to reality. I hum in response, not knowing what I had put myself into.