
chapter 4 ; dinner pt. 1
Nick's POV
As I sat on my bed, the sound of the front door opening and closing flourished into the air. I furrowed my eyebrows and stood from the cushioned rectangle. I walked down the staircase, curiosity boiling inside. I looked upon the front door and saw no one there. I trotted into the kitchen, seeing my mom preparing a meal on the counter.
"Put a shirt on, we have company coming in an hour," my mom informed me. I obeyed her demand and ran up the adjacent staircase. I slipped on a pair of jeans and a red, plaid button down. I put on a pair of black Vans, and brushed through my hair quickly. I walked downstairs and sat on the couch, waiting for the appointed company.
Carter's POV
I looked at myself in the mirror. I was wearing a sleek black, sleeveless, mid-thigh dress paired with black, pointed-toe heels and a black, squared handbag seemed with a gold chain. For jewelry, I was wearing golden bangles and golden circular earrings. (outfit in media)I curled my long brown hair, and coated the eyelashes surrounding my green eyes with mascara, twice. I walked downstairs to see my family by the door. Their faces filled with relief as I made my way towards them. I apologized for my loss of time, and we headed out the door. My family started walking towards the street, and I filled with confusion.
"They live in the neighborhood, Carter," my mother explained. My household walked across the street and stood on the door step of the Robinson's home.
Nick's POV
The ringing of our home's doorbell filled the atmosphere. The noise pushed me onto my feet. I walked to the door and placed my hand on the doorknob. I exhaled a deep breath and practiced my greet to the family I didn't know at all.
Carter's POV
I stared at the blank white door, waiting for someone to turn the knob and invite us in. I started getting slightly impatient with the continuous silence and non-responses. Finally, the door swung open, and Nick took its place.
Instead of greeting my family, as expected, Nick mumbled and stared straight at me.
"Honey, go set the table. I'll be the one to greet the nice family," I heard a women say. His mom, I'm assuming. She greeted us with a smile and a simple hello. She invited us inside with a friendly smile, holding the wooden door open for my family to pile I I their lovely living room. My eyes wandered around the room, taking in the atmosphere of the family's living room. My eyes wandered to the kitchen, where I noticed Nick staring at me sweetly with a small, genuine smile. I returned the smile and walked over to him. My eyes flowed towards the blonde that side hugged him. My body filled with some sort of anger, and my smile dropped. Nick noticed my sudden change in mood. The blonde walked over to the kitchen table and laid out a few more plates and utensils. I walked back into the living room and quickly asked Nick's mother where the nearest bathroom was. She showed me the adjacent bathroom and I entered it quickly. I locked the door and stared at myself in the mirror.
Why was I upset? We weren't dating.
Was I jealous? I've never been jealous, so how? After pondering the way I felt about Nick, I came to the conclusion that I had a slight crush on the football player, and I was jealous. I saw a single tear fall down my face, smearing my make up slightly as I wiped the liquid off of my cheek. I heard a knock on the door.
"Occupied," I whimpered. The door opened and Nick walked in.
"Nice to know the locks don't work," I mumbled.
"What's wrong?" Nick asked as he closed the door.
"What's wrong?" I exclaimed,"the problem is that you were genuinely nice to me and we actually slightly flirted! You made me feel happy, and then when we come over for dinner, you have a girl-" I said, but was cut off by Nick's rough action.
-----
Hello! So, that was chapter 4! (Dinner pt. 1) What was Nick's rough action? Comment what you think!I think I'll update part 2 after this one, so triple update! Thank you for reading, voting, and commenting!
RiverMaeJen