
The next morning the two girls swung on the swing that Elizabeth had on the porch. They watched Elizabeth's mom and some other women carry out a table and with food. There had been a few kids running around and a few dads standing around each other enjoying their beers and whistiling at the lady's.
"This is so nice." Gabby said. "I can't wait to eat, the food looks so yummy." There had been a table with some food people bought for Elizabeth's birthday party.
Elizabeth was wearing a purple dress with some plastic sparkling shoes. She starred at her shoes.
"My dad hit my mom last night." Elizabeth said.
Gabby stopped the swing from swinging.
"That's not good. Why did he do that?" Gabby said.
"I don't know. My mom said something then he hit her." Elizabeth said.
"He shouldn't do that." Gabby said.
"I don't want to live with them no more." Elizabeth said. She pulled up her dress exposing her long black socks and hugged her knees. "They don't love each other and they don't love me."
"She has to love you. She made this party for you." Gabby said.
"No. My grandma told her to." She stopped hugging her knees. "My grandma Nana is sick today. Very sick. She's been coughing all night."
"Why is she sick?" Gabby asked.
"I don't know but my mom won't take her to the hospital. Nana even asked to go to the hospital you know."
"Wow. Maybe we should check on her." Gabby said. She stood up from the swing.
"Yeah. Let's go." Elizabeth said.
Elizabeth opened the screen door to their house. Gabby let it slam close. She walked behind Elizabeth. The both of them walked up the stairs.
"She's in here." Elizabeth said pointing to a room.
Elizabeth turned the doornob and walked into what was suppose be a roon used for a storage. There was a bed way against the wall and boxes all over the room. There was a still lump on the bed under the blankets. An arm dangled from under the sheets.
"She's sleeping?" Gabby asked.
"Of course." Elizabeth said. "Should we wake her?"
"Yeah." Gabby said.
They both walked over to the bed. "Hold on. I'm going to the kitchen to get her a glass of water when she wakes up. She always needs water to take her pills when she wakes up." Elizabeth said then she left to go get the water.
Gabby looked around the room. There was a window inside that blew in hard wind.

WHOOOOOSH


A gush of wind blew the sheets right off the lump who had been Elizabeth's grandma. Gabby gasp when the sheets flew onto some boxes. She looked at Elizabeth's grandma.


The grandma's short grey hair coverred her eyes as she laid on her stomach, face turned to the side facing Gabby and a mouth halfway opened. Gabby could smell her breath.

