
"Oh today? Well i have band and homework for classes and im sure my mom will shove some disappointment in that tight scheduled." I looked at the roof. "Oh! I also get to pick up some friends from the airport tomorrow."
She gave me a sympathetic look. "Ugh dont do that." I snarl looking at her. "Its not fair!" She complains. "Why is it that you act like it doesnt bother you. Im sure it dose." She glares back. "Act like what bothers me?" I ask giving her a confused look. She sits up grabbing my hand and pushing up my sleeve hard. "Look at this!" She sounded mad at this point. Blood started to crawl from one of the many cuts. I rolled my eyes and yanked my arm away.
"Act like what bothers me?" I ask again in a more annoyed tone. She just looked at me and glared. She got up and started to walk back and forth as she talked. "You come almost everyday and you know we talk and your a really cool friend but i never see you out of here because your mother! She treats you like shit! She gives you no respect and neither did any other therapist! I stand here and we talk and talk and i never get anywhere with you! Why is that? Huh? Because your to scared to get close to anyone! You act like nothing bothers you and i know it does! You just keep going and going and going acting like the people that leave behind mean nothing to you! Why wont you ju-"
"How about you just stop right there dammit!" I shot up and glared at her. "You know nothing about me! You cant say you know how i feel when your not me!"
"I can see it in your eyes for gods sake!"
"Ugh! You cant see shit! Your just like the rest of those freaks! You just want to know my thoughts so you can turn your back on me and throw me into some mental hospital! Just make something up god dammit! The others have! Throw me in there, there is nothing stopping you!"
She looked at me and sighed. Pinching the bridge of her noise she opened her mouth to speak again. "Forget it." I glared at her and walked out. She looked at me and sighed. "Would you listen to me for one minute. Its almost up so just stay!" I stopped my hand inches away from the door knob.
'Dont do it Jean...Dont do it! Dont do it!' My hand touched the door knob and began to turn. 'Stop Jean dont say it!' I turned my head slightly just enough to show the side of my face. My hair covered my eye. 'DONT DO IT DAMIT!' "I hate therapist." I could feel the ground stop moving. She had stopped moving toward me. I wanted to look at her but i couldnt.
I opened the door and stepped out. As i walked down the hall way it was oddly quit. I was used to this feeling. It happens every time i get a new therapist. Ill have a new one tomorrow. A new clinic to destroy. I get to close to everyone way to fast. Its bin 2 months with these people...thats a new record. I pulled my hood up and plugged in my headphones. I turned them up so high to drown out everything.
I held my tears back so much it hurt. Grace was different from the rest but today i found out she was exactly the same in the long run. I stepped out into the waiting room and Tracy grabbed my shoulder. I stopped, my eyes narrowed and my fist tightened to where they were white. "What?" I gritted my teeth. "Go say sorry to Grace. Now" She snarled at me.
I shouldered her hand off me and started to walk out. I could see my moms car waiting. "Jean!" Tracy yelled. By now everyone watched me. I turned around and laughed. "Bye, thanks for giving a shit about me." I smiled that sarcastic smile to match my sarcastic tone. The parents huffed as they reached for their childrens ears.