
chapter 8 ; we aren't dating
Carter's POV
Sarah, Brooke, Brandon, and I walked down the stairs. I let Sarah borrow a creme heels and a red skater dress, and Brooke borrowed black leggings, an oversized, maroon fleece, sweater, and her whit Converse high tops.
We walked in a straight line as if kindergarten repeating itself. All of us piled into my preferred black car, and I ignited the engine. I smashed Brandon's head down with my hand so I could see out the rear window. He groaned and glared at me though the rearview mirror. Brooke giggled slightly at my brother, and he blushed a simple shade of pink. I rolled my eyes at my brother and parked in the lot near the school. We exited the vehicle and walked up the school's front steps. I looked around to see if anything was different. People were looking and pointing in my direction as I entered the school. I saw a group of freshmen football players who were laughing as I walked by. Their sly comments obviously directed towards me:
"That's the slut Annabelle was telling us about, Carter," one whispered. I threw my stuff to Sarah, who was to my right. I walked up to the boy quickly and grabbed his football jersey into my fist.
"You better tell me what the hell is going on, or I swear, football player or not, I willgo Evergreen on you," I said, referring to an inside joke my brother shared. I heard my brother laugh a little.
"Yeah, okay," he said, scoffing, "what's she going to do ask her little boyfriend nick t-" he attempted to finish, but I let go of his jersey and took my arm in his. I applied slight pressure, grabbing my grip, trying to remember the simple move. I did as my father taught me, and to everyone's surprise the freshman was on the ground in seconds. I looked around there was a big crowd formed around us. I squared down, looking at the freshman's face.
"Now, let's see if you'll answer my question," I said, "what's going on?" I asked.
"Here's," he said weakly, handing me a smartphone. I looked at the screen. A group conversation.
Annabelle : hey, if you're getting this text, lucky you. that's besides the point though, Carter Evergreen is a slut! Take it from me, I mean I am the one you admire right? So, do me a favor, and spread this around, k? - xoxo Annabelle
Freshmen : k(;
I looked at the kid, throwing the phone on the ground.
"Hey, kid," I said, standing up.
"Yeah?" He asked.
"Nick and I," I said, blandly.
"Yeah?" He said, urging me to continue.
"We aren't dating," I said, coldly.
-----
Hello! So, that was chapter 8! I hope you enjoyed! It kind of hurt to write the last line! Comment what you think! Please comment, vote, and read! Hope you enjoy what is to come, and what has happened so far! Thank you for 472 reads and 29 votes!
RiverMaeJen