
"Yuck." Gabby whispered backing up a bit.


"I'm back." Elizabeth said walking in. "Hey! You took her sheets off."


Gabby pointed to the window. "Not me, the wind." She said.


"Okay. Let's wake her." Elizabeth said. "Grandma!" She said shaking her grandma's shoulder but her grandma didn't wake up. She tried again and moved her grandma's arm. "Nana wake up."


Gabby's heart began to beat fast when Elizabeth moved her grandma's hair away from her eyes. They eyes had been wide open and they weren't blinking. The grandma was dead.


Elizabeth stepped back. She starred for a long time at her grandma, waiting for her to move, or blink, or breath. Nothing.


Elizabeth started to breath really fast. "Mama!" Elizabeth screamed. "Mama!" She said again starting to cry. A few tears formed in Gabby's eyes too.


The mother came upstairs holding a mug. She let the mug that was full of coffee drop out of her hand and spill onto the floor.  Rose ran over to her mother. She patted her moms cold face and slapped it gently telling her to wake up.


Rose yelled out and a few other women ran upstairs. Someone had called the ambulance. Gabby held onto Elizabeth's hand. One of Rose's friends walked them out of the room while Rose sat on her moms bed crying and holding onto her.
***

A week passed and the funeral began. Elizabeth and her parents were their. A few of Rose's friends and some people Rose's mom knew. There hadn't been a lot of people. Gabby and both her parents were there. Gabby watched as Elizabeth held onto her moms hand and looked at the grandmothers grave.
Elizabeth had loved her grandma and often thought besides Gabby, that her grandma was the only one in the family who actually cared about her. Now she was gone.

Elizabeth looked up at Gabby and sighed. Gabby sighed too.
After the funeral the girls sat in the fields. Elizabeth held onto necklace that had been her grandma's. Gabby sat and watched Elizabeth as she would often sniff the necklace.

"I miss her." Elizabeth said. She then stood up and started walking into the direction of the street.
"Where are you going?" Gabby said getting up. She followed Elizabeth and they stopped at the street across from the graveyard.