
Rena: Guardian warrior? What in the world is that?
Chung: I was trained by a royal Guards family. I was trained to serve and protect the world from evil.
Rena: So we are both from royal family's and you now have to protect me.
Chung: yes i suppose it was destiny.
Rena: Destiny?
Chung: Yes maybe our destiny was for us to meet.
Rena: That would make sense. Chung from now i am your friend is that ok?
Chung: Of course Rena from now on we are friends. We shall stick together!
Rena: Promise me we will protect each other i wont just be useless?
Chung: You are not useless but if i see you need help i will jump in.
Rena: Hehe my hero*blushes and giggles*
Chung: your hero. *blushes and smiles*(Rena and Chung see something coming.)Rena: Ch.. Chung what's that in the distance(Rena has a worried look)Chung: Go hide Rena! Rena: what will you do?!Chung: Fight them off now go!(Gun shots and cannon balls start flying at Chung)Chung: Why are you attacking us! Raven: Give me the princess and I will spare you. Chung: Sorry that's not going to happen. Raven: Fine then I'll have to take her by force.Chung: I'd love to see you try. (Chung loads his cannon and aims it at raven)Chung: I will shoot if you do not leave. Raven: you think a toy like that will hurt me?(Chung shoots two cannon balls and raven jumps over one and slices the other in half)Chung: what how is that possible you cut my cannon ball in half?!Raven: I told you a toy like that can't harm me. Now give me the princess.(Raven grabs his blade points it at Chung and says...)Raven: I won't tell you again fool give me the girl!Chung: I've told you already that isn't going to happen now leave or the next shot won't be so easy to dodge.Rena: that's enough I'll go with you!(Rena starts to cry and she seems frightened) Chung: Rena stop crying he won't take you nobody will.(Rena pulls out her bow and loads an arrow)Rena: Then you won't do this alone.(Rena points the bow at Raven)Raven: hahaha!?! You really think you'll do anything to me with a bow?(Rena's bow starts to glow the tip of the arrow shines and becomes a neon green color)Raven: Well you don't see that everyday.Rena: What was it you said about my bow?Raven: I said it before I'll say it again it won't do anything to me. (Rena shoots the arrow at Ravens chest he tries to catch it)Raven: Wha... What the hell is this thing made of?!?! (The arrow starts to pierce through Ravens hand and Raven quickly moves)Rena: The next time you won't be so lucky.Chung: Rena where did you learn to shoot like that? Rena: my fathers dojo revolves around archery.Chung: What about the magic? Rena: that's a secret. (Rena winks at Chung)To Be ContinuedPart 2 out soon