
chapter seven ; don't trust a football player pt. 2
Carter's POV
The sorry eyes looked back at mine.
"Go back to game night, jerk," I said, attempting to slam the door, but his strong hand slammed against the white door, causing it to remain ajar.
"Please, Carter! I'm sorry. I completely forgot, please," he protested. A mascara-filled tear cascaded down my red cheek.
"I think you need to leave," I heard a male voice say behind me.
"Brandon, please, I can handle it," I told him as I turned and came in contact with my twin-brother. He slightly nudged my out of the way and took my place at the door.
"You have five seconds to leave my sister alone, or you're dealing with me," my brother said sternly. Nick gritted his teeth and looked to the side. He moved his stare back to my brother, causing the sibling to raise his eyebrows, waiting for him to leave. Nick trotted down the porch steps and looked back at my watery eyes. He yanked the door open roughly and fell into it. He ignited the car and revved the engine. He took one last glance at me as he put his seatbelt on. He backed out quickly and zoomed down the street at a high speed pace.
A few minutes after the encounter, Brooke and Sarah showed up. When my brother answered the door, I saw him eye Brooke. She blushed slightly and he smiled along with her. Brandon jogged up the stairs, leaving us to be.
"What's wrong? I thought tonight was date night?" Brooke asked, sympathetically.
"He stood me up. He posted on Instagram a picture of him and the team, captioning it Guys Night," I replied. They both have me small, sympathetic hugs and we walked to my room.
-----
The night consisted of getting to know both girls more, and talking about boys. Normal. We all fell asleep around twelve am.
My eyes fluttered open and what my vision saw as darkness was replaced with sunny rays of daylight. The peaceful melody flooded the atmosphere of my room. I sat my body upright on my cushioned mattress. I stretched my arms upwards, slightly denting the air. I yawned a simple yawn and noticed my legs were trapped beneath Sarah's sleeping body. I attempted to release my legs, and succeeded without awakening Sarah. I looked upon the clocks 6:53 am. I shook Sarah awake and told her the time. She released a groan into the world and I chuckled. I left her alone to wake up, and did the same to Brooke, who was sleeping on the soft, carpeted floor. I walked to my wardrobe and grabbed a simple outfit. Dark denim Blue, ripped jeans, with a navy blue, silk pocket t-shirt, brown combat boots, and a creme leather jacket with a gold zipper pocket. I went to the bathroom and took a quick shower, being considerate of the five other people taking a shower. I got out of the shower, drying and curling my hair. I removed my towel and started to get dressed into the earlier picked outfit. As I slipped on my shirt, I heard arguing erupting from downstairs. I furrowed my eyebrows and slipped on my creme flats. I jogged down the stairs to see the corruption of words. I saw Nick at the door arguing with Brooke.
"What's going on?" I said, walking behind Brooke, into Nick's view.
"Please, listen to me," he pleaded. I shook my head and Brooke said, "she's busy,"
Brooke closed the door as Nick stared at me. His stare was blocked by the wooden slab. I wiped the single tear off of my cheek, where it sat.
I opened the door quickly and saw Nick walking down the steps. He turned quickly and looked at me. His eyes full of hope as he looked at my face.
"I don't trust football players," I said, loudly and confidently. I removed my head from the doorway and slammed the door shut. I walked back up the staircase and saw Sarah walking out of the bathroom.
"May I borrow some clothes?" Sarah asked politely.
"Yeah, can I too?" Brooke asked, alongside Sarah.
"Sure. Closet is there," I said, gesturing towards the door that held a room full of clothes behind itself.
------
Hello! That was Chapter 7! Comment what you think about it, and how you feel about Nick and Carter's relationship now? I hope you enjoyed the boom so far. Thank you for 372 reads and 25 votes so far! Please comment, vote, and read! Thank you all who have!
RiverMaeJen