
Chapter one
"Are you sure your alright?"
"Yes, aunt Kari ill be fine."
"If you wanna come home at any time for any reason just call or walk, its just a few blocks."
"Okay." I smile a fake smile and step out of the car with my bag.
First day at a new school, there seems to be a lot of new since my parents died. New town, new house, new school, new friends, and most importantly new life. I look down at my black knee boots, skinny jeans, white v neck and black leather jacket then i see some girls with dresses shorts or floral halter tops. Thinking I'm already not gonna fit in i hug my jacket around my body and walk to the entrance.
Walking into the main office the first thing i see is a guy with dirty blonde hair a football jacket and black jeans with converse standing at the secretary's desk.
"I'm sorry Chase but your mother specifically told me not to give you anymore hall passes this year just so you and your friends can jack around during classes."
"Aw come on Teresa please, i promise i wont give any to my friends." He begs quite pathetically, i smile and clear my throat needing to get my schedule right away. Both heads turn to me and the guy looks at me from head to toe, i mentally roll my eyes.
"Oh sorry hun what can i help you with?" The secretary asks me kindly while giving the football jock a look that says get-out-of-here-before-i-call-your-mother look.
"Im new. I need to get my schedule." while stepping up to the counter the jock is still standing there staring with a smirk on his punchable face. I raise a perfect brow at him and turn to the secretary.
"Oh sorry whats your name honey?"
"Jade Carter." she looks at me immediately and smiles wide.
"The Jade Carter?"
"Um yeah i guess." I'm confused until finally it dawns on me that she most likely knows my aunt Kari.
"Your aunt told me all about you. She told me what happened to your father, her brother correct?"
I purse my lips together holding back a smart remark to throw at her for bringing up my father when i tried to forget about him and my mother till the end of the day. "Yes, my dad was her brother." I whisper.
"Oh I'm sorry for the lose your father was a great man i met him a few times." i can see sympathy pouring out of her eyes and I immediately just wanna slap her.
"Yes. Schedule?" I ask between my clenched teeth.
"Oh yes sorry hun." she hands me the schedule and i quickly bolt out of there. Looking down at the schedule in hand i try to fine my locker quickly not wanting to be late for my first class.
I turn a corner to the 400 lockers and bump into someone dropping all my books and journals including my schedule.
"Shit." i hear a deep voice speak out, immediately i grab my stuff and stuff it back in my bag. I curse when i cant find my schedule but look up when i hear a throat clear and see my schedule in the mysterious guys hand.
"Thank you." i go to grab it but he moves his hand, i give him a scowl and go to grab it again.
"New?" I look at him and my breathing stops. Black jet hair, bright blue eyes, a sculpted jaw and perfect lips. Damn, who is this guy brad pitt?
"Um yeah." i mumble.
He looks me up from head to toe.