
Chung: So this is elder hm interesting i have never seen something so colorful.
(this is all new to Chung a guardian who fights to protect the kingdom. He has never seen anything but war and destruction.)
Chung: What in the world?
(He screams AHHHH a girl bumps into him.)
Rena: Oww, My head *gasps!* are you alright?
(Rena looks at Chung blushing)
Chung: Yea i'm fine are you alright ehm...
Rena: Rena, My names Rena
Chung: Nice to meet you Rena My names Chung Guardian of the kingdom!
(Chung looks at Rena with a little blush)
Rena: Well it was nice meeting you but i have to go bye!
Chung: HEY WAIT!?!?
(Chung picks up Rena's amulet of healing)
Chung: Whoa she has an amulet of healing. where did a girl like that get such a rare artifact.
( Chung looks at it with excitement and he thinks to himself)
Chung: *Maybe i should keep this by the time she comes back ill be gone.*
(Chung feels like this is the wrong thing to do but how could he pass up such an opportunity)
Rena: Oh no what the hell! my amulet i must have dropped it when i crashed into Chung!
(Rena runs back to the location she met Chung)
Rena: whats this my amulet it cant be it.. its not here! I need to find Chung.
Chung: I shall keep the amulet until Rena comes looking for it.
(A few hours later Rena shows up at Chung's house and starts knocking on the door. she starts to scream...)
Rena: CHUNG!?!?! WHERE ARE YOU?!?
Chung: Rena what are you doing here? *ill act like i forgot i had it*
Rena: When we bumped into each other earlier i dropped an amulet. Did you find it by any chance?
Chung: Oh it belongs to you? Yes i found it on the ground here you go. *hands the amulet to Rena*
Rena: oh my gosh! Thank you so much Chung this means so much to me. It was given to me as a gift by my mother.
Chung: you're welcome Rena where did you find such a powerful amulet?
Rena: Well i am not just Rena i'm Known as Rena Princess Of The Peace.
Chung: What do you mean princess of peace?
Rena: My role is to keep peace in the world of Ender anything evil i seek i must destroy.
Chung: Whoa so you are kinda a big deal *gasps* That is so awesome!!!!
(Chung is super surprised and you can notice it on his face)
Rena: Why so surprised?
Chung: Well you see i was sent here from a different world to find you and protect you,
Rena: A different world is that even possible?
Chung: Yes i was sent here to Guard you a great evil is arising.
Rena: A great evil so are you able to stop it or something?
Chung: I am a very skilled Guardian Warrior.