
"Yes!" Elizabeth whispered to herself feeling excited that Gabby couldn't find her.
She got up, went through the fence exiting the graveyard then ran back into the fields. It started to rain.
"Uh oh." Elizabeth said stopping to look up at the sky.
"GOTCHA!" Gabby yelled out grabbing Elizabeth's shoulders.
elizabeth shrieked. "You scared me." She said. Her lip was quivering.
Gabby giggled.
"It's not funny." Elizabeth argued.
"Where were you hiding?" Gabby asked.
"I'm not telling."
"Why not?" Gabby asked.
"Cause you will look there next time."
Gabby smiled. "I already knew where you were. I just gave up because it's getting dark. Come on we should go now."
"You think mama will be mad at me? I'm all wet and she just did my hair last night." Elizabeth said running along with Gabby back home.
"Nuh uh. I don't know." Gabby said.
They both stopped when they exited the fields. In front up them was a white fence. It stretched out as far as the eye could see from left to right. There were houses and farms, each had been maybe 50 feet away from each other or more. Elizabeth's house was 5 houses away from Gabby's.
"Bye, see ya tommorow okay." Gabby said running towards her house that had been the closest from where they were.
"Bye!" Elizabeth said. She looked at her house. Her mother had been standing there on the porch tapping her foot against the wood. She looked angry.
Elizabeth started to run, but slowly towards her house. She walked up the porch with her head down, avoiding contact with her mother.
Her mother bent down and touched her chin. "Late!" Her mother yelled. "And look at ya. Ya all wet and ya ruined your hair. Inside girl." Her mom said.
Elizabeth got inside. Her mom slammed the door and locked it. Elizabeth's  dad was walking towards them wearing a suit and tie.
"Look at you. Lord. Why are you all wet?" He asked Elizabeth.
"It's raining out." The mom said. "And where might you be heading so late Johnny?"
"Work, down at the rails. Late night shift. I'll be done around six am. Sam's invited me for brunch as well. I'll be back around tommorow afternoon." He said.
"Now now, did you forget?" The mom said. Her voice was far from a soft tone. As always, it had been a bossy tone, never exciting or polite. "Elizabeth's turning seven tommorow and you won't be here?"
"Who's going to pay these damn bills women? Do you want to? Huh?" He yelled out. "Honestly Rose watch your tone with me." He said.
He looked at her then at Elizabeth and smiled. "I'll bring ya back something nice honey."
"Daddy, why do you have to wear a suit to work tonight? Your uniform is on the chair." She said pointing to a couch.
"Good question Lizzy." She said looking at her husband. "Probably going to play shaggy paggy with Lily again huh?"
Using his back hand, Johnny slapped Rose across her face causing her to fall back on the ground. Elizabeth gasped and backed up a few steps. Rose sat on the ground looking at her husband in shock as she rubbed her face.