
A small head peeked above the high grass in the fields. Moving left then right her small bright blue eyes searched for her hidden friend who was hiding. She ducked down again real fast and listened.
*RUSTLE RUSTLE RUSTLE*
She smiled at the nearby rustling sounds of the tall dandelions and grass. Tiptoeing, she turned around and inch by inch walked forward. She paused. A wide smile appeared on her soft little face. She moved her hands between the middle of four tall dandelions.
"I found you!" She yelled out in her small six year old voice.
The young soft faced girl had been frowned upon by another little girl crouched down underneath the tall dandelion heads.
"No fair Gabby. You never count all the way to 20." Elizabeth said frowning. Her cheeks were chubby. Her eyes had been black and sort of small. Her long black hair had been braided back into twos. A small red ribbon clipped her two braids together and that's how Elizabeth liked it.
Gabby on the other hand had blonde hair that was often messy. It was short, up to her nose. The reason it was so messy is because Gabby hated combs and brushes. She didn't care, she liked her hair messy. She had bright blue eyes. Sort of like a clear beach. People always said Gabby had the nicest eyes around.
There weren't many people around where they lived. In fact, they lived in the country part of the state. The closest to any hospitals or library's or malls was a forty minute drive away.
Elizabeth stood up and dusted off her jeans and started fixing her belt.
"My it's getting dark. We should get going Gabby." Elizabeth said looking into the almost dark gray skies.
Gabby shook her head. "Nuh uh. Look it's going to rain. I want to stay. We can play hide and go seek again if ya want."
Elizabeth shook her head. She rubbed her elbow. "Mama said I have to be home before sunset and look-" She said pointing to the sun. "It's going down. It will be dark soon."
"Come on. One more game of hide and seek. Pleeease. Then we can go I promise. Cross my heart and hope to die. One more time." Gabby begged holder her hands together.
Elizabeth sigh. "Okay." She smiled. "But you're it!" She said.
"Fine. I'll find you anyway. I always do." Gabby said.
"1 2 3 4 5-"
As Gabby counted, Elizabeth ran off to find a safe hiding place. She looked around. Most of the area was just all grass. She could always hide in the house, but that would be unfair. Plus it was to far.
"13 14" Gabby continued.
Ahead of Elizabeth was a nearby rode that separated the field. Across the rode had been a graveyard. Gabby hadn't been allowed to set foot in that graveyard and Elizabeth was well aware Gabby wasn't aloud there, which is why she decided to hide there.
"20!"
Elizabeth crossed the rode. There was a broken up fence around the entire graveyard, which had been huge. She climbed through one of the holes in the fence and hid behind the nearest grave.
She sat there waiting. She would often peek to see if Gabby was near. Because of the tall grass and dandelions, Elizabeth couldn't see Gabby but she could hear her.
"I can hear you!" Elizabeth heard Gabby call out.
Elizabeth laughed to herself. She knew Gabby would never find her. She thought about running back into the fields however, she heard Gabby yell out that she gives up.