
I woke with a yawn. Looking around my room i sigh. Slamming my hand on the alarm clock i look at the time. "5:45" I whine. I slowly slide from my bed and onto the floor. Once again sighing i stand up and turn my light on.
Blinking my eyes i walk over to my closet to get dressed. I pick up navy blue t-shit, grey jeans, and take a military styled green jacket. It was cold outside today. I wasnt really looking forward to the day or band practice.
With practice ending at 9 and TEC having to stay past 10 to finish putting things away was killing me. Especially  when i had to come home and get yelled at by my parents. "You need to stop doing your homework so late. 'Why are you always staying up past 1!' 'Maybe you should just quit you dont have time!'" I slammed my fist against the wall. I hated it, they always had something to say about me.
Although it was still summer i had work for upcoming classes my mother wants me to take. She still wants me to be a vet. I cant stand that either. Everything s about me becoming a vet and having to pass everything with high grades. She doesnt understand that i changed my mind.
I really just want to go back to sleep but i have to go see my therapist early and then off to band. 3 hours of inside practice then 3 hours outside marching. I just cant wait until i can finally go to SJ. I have bin waiting so long. I groaned realizing i stilled had cosplay stuff to finish.
After finishing getting ready my and my mom climbed into the car. I plugged in my headphones and turned it up to where i could hear no one else. Music is my escape, thats why im so passionate about it. I could loose myself in a piece. The feeling i had in frost was like no other. That marching show was the best. I will never forget it.
There was just something about the feeling i got when i marched with everyone. I was connected, connected with people who actually counted on me and knew i would do the right thing. No one yelling at me to do something and then yelling at me to do another. I was part of something magical.
A small smile crept onto my face and i tightened my hands now not feeling so bad about practice. My mom pushed my side and i looked over taking my headphones out. "What?" I said in a annoyed tone. She just rolled her eyes and looked at the clinic as she parked. "Hurry up. Ill pick you up in an hour." I sighed and stepped out of the car.
My feet dragged as i walked in. I put one headphone in as i walked up tot he desk. The clinic seemed to be busy today. "How may i help you?" The nurse didnt even look up at me. "I have a appointment at 6:30." I countered back without looking p from my phone. She stared at me for a while but then sighed and nodded. "Okay, ill call you when you are ready."
I walked over the the far wall by the doors seeing as there was no place to sit. I leaned on the wall trying  to ignore the looks i got. With my hood up and one foot placed on the wall i looked like the type to see a therapist. I cant help im just this way. I couldnt imagine the way my mom would react when i told her i was genderfluid. I was put in here because im mental. I snickered gaining the same looks from people.
A doctor come in and walked over to me. She was a sweet doctor and was fun to talk to although she was my therapist so the trust was broken at that point. I dont trust them, no wait i cant trust them. I have bin thrown out by 3 already. I cant help it but with her its different. I talk to her sometimes. She understands somethings about me, but i still cant.
People begin to stare again. They all clearly knew she was the therapist because she was the only one here in this small town. She had icy short hair and a smile that could light up any mood. She was slender and her lab coat seemed to be to big although it was an XS. I laughed as i thought about it. She gave me a look and placed one hand on her hip.