
chapter 5 ; dinner pt. 2
Carter's POV
Nick slammed me against the wall and roughly placed his lips onto mine. After a few seconds of this, I kissed back, moving our lips in sync. The bathroom was small, and the capacity was definitely all used up by our heated bodies. I wrapped my hands around Nick's neck, and he pulled my body closer to his, deepening the kiss. I pulled away slowly, opening my eyes. I looked at Nick's brown eyes and his pink, plump lips. I smiled slightly and so did he.
"So, may I know your name now?" He asked slyly. I snickered.
"I think you'll have to pay to learn my name," I replied, playfully.
"Well, then I'll give you the world," he said, lowering his lips onto mine again. This one, was shorter, but contained more passion.
"Carter," I mumbled into the kiss.
He questioned the mumble that erupted into the passionate kiss, causing vibrations to be sent through the lips of both of us.
"Carter Evergreen," I breathed out.
"I have a question for you, Carter Evergreen," he stayed.
"Shoot," I replied as we held our embrace.
"Did you know me before you met me? Had you ever seen me before?" He asked. I pondered, trying to remember if his face was familiar to the past.
"Well, I certainly can't say I've seen you anywhere before," I replied. He smiled and said, "Well, would you like to go on a date with me Thursday at 8? I'll pick you up," he said. I nodded and he pecked my lips quickly before walking out. I waited a while before exiting the bathroom where the events took place. I smiled at the people at the table.
"Carter, this is Taylor, Nick's sister," Nick's mom said as she introduced me to the blonde. Nick smirked as he shoved a fork-full of mashed-potatoes into his mouth. I shot him a quick glare, but smiled at the blonde girl, I now know as Taylor.
-----
"Why don't you kids go upstairs while the adults talk, aye?" My mother said as she helped Nick's mom, Joy, clean the table. My eyes darted to Nick, only to see that he did the same. I chuckled a little at my mom's Canadian culture. I raised myself from the wooden chair and stood firmly on my feet. I pushed the chair under the the table and walked to the staircase. Before Nick could make his way to me, Taylor came to me, and asked, "so, you and my brother?" She asked, nicely.
"I don't know," I replied.
"Well, I know my mom makes his talk about his day at dinner, and he usually just says it was normal, but one day he wouldn't shut up about a girl he met that day. He said she had long brown hair and sparkling green eyes. So, I'm sure he's into you," she whispered as her brother neared. We both laughed slightly. She looked to he right to see her brother coming nearer, and jogged up the stairs. I snickered at her gesture and turned to Nick. As we walked up the wooden stairs, Nick questioned what the conversation between Taylor and I consisted of.
"Oh, nothing. Just her telling me about how you told your family about me at dinner the day you met me," I said. His cheeks' pale color disappeared and was replaced with a slight crimson color. I kissed his cheek gently, which caused the Crimson shade to become a deeper shade of red.
-----
Hello! That was Chapter 5! Hope you enjoyed it! Next chapter will be their Friday night date! What will go wrong? What will go right? Will everything be perfect, or will everything be obliterated due to a few certain factors in the night? Thank you for voting, reading, and commenting!
RiverMaeJen