
"Come on." She smirked and started to walk away. Turning my music off i walked behind her. "No hi. Ha i see how it is." I stop in my tracks and turn around, crossing my arms, and start to narrow my eyes at the door.  She places her hand on my shoulder turning me around. She trys not to brake her serious look but i can see the corners of her mouth begin to curve.
By now im sure everyone is looking even the kids. Why? Well the room was quit, not even a sound. We stare at each other while a man in the back starts to walk towards us. She didnt even notice. She was to busy trying to not smile. As the man got closer she burst out laughing and shook her hand at me. "Haha next time alright!" I smirked and she turned around to see the puzzled looks from not only the man but everyone else. She waved her hand to show it was all good and started to walk to the back door.
I followed with a smirk and lightly bumped into the mans shoulder as i walked past. Just enough to make him glare. I walked threw the door and got smiles all around. They did it all the time it was kind of annoying. I sighed and placed a huge grin on my face. They knew i was being a smart ass and with the people i knew (which was most of them) just gave me the 'dude really' look.
I have to say, if she wasnt my therapist i wouldnt have a problem with her. Well i dont really have one with her its just i dont like therapist. She is okay but i treat them all the same. She is the one who treats me differently them the others.
I sigh as i plop down on the couch. "So what boring shit are we going to talk about today?" I asked looking at the screen. She just sighed and sat on the couch between my legs. "Why do you hate me?" She asked and i smirked. "I told you didnt i?" She leaned closer. "So you do hate me?"
I looked at her and glared. "We already talked about this didnt we." I sat up and placed my feet on the coffee table in front of me. "Eh, maybe i want to talk about it again." I fumbled with my necklace as i looked at my shoes.
"Why do you want me to talk about it? Hope ill start crying and open up? Ha well guess what i wont." I felt like walking out but i didnt. I would just make a sense...again. She sighed and pinched the bridge of her noise. "You know thats not it. Why do you hate therapist so much anyways?" I laughed and looked at her. "Grace, i dont trust them. They spill you out send you to mental hospitals if they cant 'fix' you. " I could go on and and on but she sighed showing she was bored.
She just looked back at me and fell into my lap. "You know im not like that right?" She looked up at me. She acted like a child for her age. She was what? 23? "Your cool and all but you know that will never happen." She laughed and stretched. "Ahhh ill long for that day. When you come running to me and beg for my help!" She had jumped up and started to act it out.
I laughed and stood up running over to her. "Sensei i need your help!" She looked up at me from the floor she kneeled on and burst out laughing. The door flung open and we both stopped our laughter to look at the door. A nurse by the name Tracy stood there in her navy blue scrubs and glared. "Jean your mother pays for you to be here and darn it Grace how many times do i have to tell you this is a job!" You could always count on Tracy to keep everything in order.
We both nodded with our mouths open and our stupid smirked face. Tracy slowly closed the door and as it clicked shut we fell on the ground. Rolling around and slowly dieing of laughter we hear Tracy mutter yell something from the other side. "Those darn kids." After about 10 minutes we cold finally sit up and breath. "You know if you werent my patient i would take you out for drinks. Wait...your a child." I laughed and stood up. "Trying to get me drunk huh?" I winked and reached my hand out to help her up.
"Oh..." She turned her head away and acted as if she was hiding a blush. Shaking my head i took her hand and pulled her up. She was only slightly taller than me. She was a cool person. If it was appropriate i would even say a great friend. "So whats on the agenda today?" She asked as we both sat on the couched. She layed over my lap. Maybe she considered me a friend? I mean we act like it.