
chapter 1; new kid
Carter's POV
The apprehensions flew around rapidly in my head like a game of quidditch as I walked through the crowded unfamiliar hallways of the new High School. I was receiving constant stares as I walked slowly to room 1178. Whispers throughout the group of girls that I was passing by could be heard. I looked around at the student that were gathered in their own cliques and groups. I noticed a group of cute, muscular Neanderthals, who were staring at me continuously. I returned the stare until one of the high-society boys made a sly remark. "Like what you see?"
I scoffed at the boy and replied, "You expect a yes right?"
He seemed a little taken back that I had actually responded, I'm guessing.
"A brave little one," he said, smiling at me. I rolled my eyes slowly and continued walking. I could feel their stares on burning onto my backend. Really, I thought. I turned the corner sharply, running into a muscular chest clothed in a green and white football jersey. My butt landed slightly onto the glossy tile of the less crowded hallway. I looked up and saw the person I ran into. His brown hair looked wind-whipped from the constant winds of the outdoors. The brown eyes that sat on his chiseled face were glowing happily, but slightly sympathetically. The jersey, which coated a partial amount of his muscular arms, read:
LIONS53
I stared back into his eyes. I apologized and he smiled. It was difficult to understand if it was a sweet or mocking kind of smile. The buff football player helped me gather my things, and handed me the items he had in his hand. I thanked him quickly and attempted to walk away.
"Wait. You're to pretty not to know me," he said. I smiled slightly and thanked him. I looked at the digital clock the grasped onto the speckled ceiling. It identified the time as 8:34. I looked back at the boy and replied quickly.
"I'm the New Kid," I said, giving a small smile afterwards.
"Well, I'm Nick," he replied.
"So, what's your real name?" He asked.
"You'll have to find out," I replied, winking and turning on my heels. I strutted away and before I turned the corner I glanced at Nick as he walked backwards slowly, his hand gripping one of his backpack's straps, and his teeth gripping at his lip. I formed yet another smile on my face. As I walked down the new hallway, I noticed a group of girls walking my way. Everyone was moving out of their pathway and some were even admiring them. Popular Girls, great. I kept my place and pace in the hallway. The one placed in front of the rest of them looked at me confusedly. I walked right through them and smirked to myself. The people in the hallway gasped as I did the simple gesture. Whispers initiated and I raised a single eyebrow to them as I reached my classroom. Before I entered the room filled with wooden desks and wall-posters, I glanced around the hallway and looked at the people who were staring back at me. I shrugged my shoulders and entered the classroom.
"Hello, Mr. Danfore? I will be in your classroom for the rest of the year for first period. I'm Carter," I said as I approached the man sitting at the mahogany desk.
"Yes, Carter Evergreen. It would've been nice if you could've joined us twenty five minutes ago," he said. I looked at him confusedly. I looked around the classroom and recognized their was a classroom full of students staring back at me. I rolled my eyes at my loss of time and walked to an empty seat.
"That's Annabelle's seat," a boy whispered to me.
"Your point?" I asked, raising an eyebrow. He chuckled. I heard a girl to my right let out a small snicker. I smiled at her and she slid me a note.
---
Okay, so that's Chapter 1! I hope you enjoyed it, though there was little action and conflict included in the chapter. I want to thank the people who voted and added this book to a reading list! You're awesome! I update a lot, so Chapter 2 will be up soon! Have a great day and thank you!
RiverMaeJen