
chapter two; just your toy
Carter's POV
I unfolded the quickly written note:
"Annabelle is always late, so are you going o move or face the wrath of the devil? -Brooke"
I chuckled slightly and got a quick glance from the teacher. He refocused on the papers he seemed to be grading as I pretended to work on the Spanish worksheet. Instead of completing the obligated assignment, I quickly wrote down my reply and folded the paper slowly. I tossed it into her desk as she read:
"Face the wrath of the devil obviously. She doesn't scare me -Carter" I wrote on the small piece of paper. After the paper's front side became filled to its highest capacity of words, she flipped it over and continued the reply. She folded it quickly and tossed it back onto my desk. I repeated the sam action of every time and snickered at the reply;
"You've got guts, Evergreen, -Brooke"
A few minutes later, the clicking sound of high heels filled the classroom's atmosphere. I answered the last question and raised my head to see the same girl that led the group of girls through the hallway earlier. I smiled and looks back at my paper. I wrote my name slowly and filled in the date.
"Annabelle! It's bad enough your late, take a seat!" The teacher exclaimed.
"But, it's in my seat," she replied, glaring coldly at me. I stared back at Brooke who was watching silently.
"Really Annabelle? Take a seat next to Justin," the teacher spat out. She scoffed at his reply and pouted with a small whimper following the puffed lip. I raised an eyebrow at her unnecessary gestures. She sat next to the boy who was clothed in a grey hoodie and maroon pants, paired with a pair of black vans. He formed a gun shape with his hand and pretended to pull the trigger as he laid his head back in the seat, placing an earbud in his ear. He lifted both his feet upon her new desk.
---
I walked out of my third period and headed to lunch with Brooke. So far, we had 1st, 2nd, and 3rd periods together and learned that we both had mutual hobbies and interests. When we both arrived to the designated table, I saw a few other girls. I glanced across the lunch room, absorbing the atmosphere of Richmond High's cafeteria. As I glanced around, my eyes connected with a boy with the #96 jersey. He smiled and I did the same. He motioned for me to come to him.
"I'll be right back," I told Brooke as I got up to walk over to the football player.
"You can't go over there!" She exclaimed, putting an emphasis on can't. I raised an eyebrow an asked why.
"Because, he's Adam Crimson! You can't just go over there!" One of the girls explained sharply. I got up and replied, "Popular, or not. It's easy. Watch." I walked over to Adam and he smiled at me. He gave me a slight side hug, which caught me off guard.
"Someone's a bit friendly," I said, laughing slightly with him.
"What? I can't hug a pretty girl?" He asked. I looked at him weirdly. We introduced ourselves, and initiated small talk. Our friendly conversation was interrupted by a loud tapping sound. I looked over to see Annabelle walking towards the football player and I.
"So, this is what you do an hour after breaking up with me? You go and get another girlfriend?" She asked him.
The boy leant down to my ear and whispered, "Go with it. You're my girlfriend okay? All you have to do i-"
I cut him off by saying:
"Oh no, no need to explain. I know what to do. You want me to hug up on you, kiss your cheek, but only for your own satisfaction of watching your exes get jealous and angry with you. Don't you think this girl, no matter how snobby-" I said getting cut off by a scoff from Annabelle.