
chapter 6 ; don't trust a football player pt. 1
Carter's POV
I looked upon the wooden mirror that hung, nailed on my wall. It was Thursday (I changed their date to Thursday) night; date night. Earlier, I had slipped on a simple outfit, a deep, red skater skirt, a tight, strapless, black crop-top, a black, leather jacket, and black ankle boots. I put in my diamond studs, and curled my hair. I did my makeup simply, two coats of black mascara, and red lipstick.
I checked my self one more time, and turned to my door. I inhaled a deep breath, and released the air into the atmosphere. I walked out my ajar door, shutting the wooden piece behind me. I descended down the carpeted stairs and entered the living room. I sat on the leather couch, waiting for Nick to arrive. After flipping through multiple, useless-seeming channels for a couple of long minutes, I got up and checked the time, 8:09. I sighed and got on my phone, scrolling through Instagram. I went to Nick's profile, which I stumbled upon a few days ago. I looked at his most recent picture.
"Guys Night"3 minutes ago
Tears started to cascade down my face. I'm so stupid, I thought. I scrunched my hair into my hands and shook my head, after throwing my phone at the wall, causing it to shatter, leaving the photo unclear and impossible to see. I picked up the phone, and exited Instagram, by squishing the circular button. I slid my finger across the screen, cutting my self in the process. I washed the cut in the kitchen sink, dialing the number of the only people that could help me, right now afterwards. Brooke and Sarah.
"Look, girls, I don't know what to do, I just need one of y'all or both of y'all to come over or one of y'all, just please," I said, wearily into the broken phone. Their concerned voices replied with an okay. I hung up the phone carefully. I wrapped the cut with a single bandaid tightly, giving the cut slight pressure.
The doorbell's ringing noise travelled throughout the house. I saw my mom walk down the staircase sleepily.
"It's just Brooke and Sarah mom," I said, nicely, trying to make my sad voice seem happy and alive. She nodded and went back up the staircase. I walked to the front as she shut her bedroom door. I opened the door, expecting Brooke and, or Sarah, but what I got, caused my mood to decrease even more.
------
Hello! So I changed the date of their date to Thursday because football game day was in Friday nights, so yeah. Who's at the door? Comment who you think! Thank you for all the reads, votes, and comments! Please comment what you think about the story, please + thank you!
RiverMaeJen