
chapter 3 ; just a guy
Carter's POV
I walked quickly past many tables, for they were all looking at me in awe. When I arrived back to my designated table of new friends, they were doing the same. I questioned why everyone was focusing on me.
"Because you're the new girl who just dissed the football player and Annabelle," one of the girls explained. I came to a realization as she explained. Why would people be sacred or feel below a person? We're all the same.
---
I exited my last period with one of the girls from our lunch table, Sarah. She had a very nice and genuine personality. She tied her long blonde hair up into a ponytail. I raised an eyebrow at her and she said, "Softball practice."
"We didn't have softball back home," I replied.
"You should come join," she said. I pondered the thought of me being on the softball team. I became quite hesitant about the idea, but Sarah's protests persuaded me into traveling with her. As we started our journey to the softball fields, we initiated a friendly conversation, in which we talked about class assignments, summer, and any other things that appeared in our minds. The simple discussion was disrupted by the rowdy crowd of despised, sweaty football players. After they passed, Sarah and I let out a small snicker at the boys.
"Hey," I heard someone say, as they jumped in front of me. I looked up to see Nick. I contemplated if I wanted to talk to him or not, for he was a football player and I already declared that the football players were arrogant Neanderthals.
"So, I'd like to figure your name out," he informed. I smiled at him and he returned the simple gesture.
"Well, I've got a softball field to get to, so maybe another time, Robinson," I said playfully, with a genuine smile following my statement. He nodded slightly and raced back to the group of boys who were waiting for him a couple yards away. I turned to Sarah. Her mouth was agape as she stared at me. I questioned the look on her face and she replied, "that's the Nick Robinson! And you just talked to him like you were best friends! This is like groundbreaking!" I released a small laugh into the air as she continued to freak out.
"He's just a boy," I said. She laughed slightly and we continued the conversation from earlier as we made our way to the appointed field.
-----
I was now in my preferred car, driving home, with a smile on my face. At the previous practice, I watched the girls practice the loved sport, and talked to the coach. He informed me that they were down by one player, and that I could start regular practices tomorrow, if interested. I pulled onto the concrete driveway and powered the vehicle's engine down. I walked into my house shared by my twin brother, Brandon, my mother, father, and I. I tossed my bag onto the dark brown, leather couch and walked up the carpeted staircase. I walked past my brother's room and arrived at my bedroom door. I turned the cold, gold knob and entered the bright, clean room. I sat at my desk and opened the sleek, silver laptop and searched for a sports center close to hear, so I could go get cleats, and other essentials. I walked downstairs and saw my mom at the door. She released a small laugh and thanked the person at the door. I continued to descend down the staircase, until I had the ability to observe the person standing at our doorstep. She was a petite women, with dark brown hair and what appeared to be brown eyes.
"Okay, we look forward to tonight," the women said kindly, smiling at my mother and walking away from our house.
"Who was that?" I questioned, frightening my mother.
"She invited us over for dinner tonight since we are new to town and wanted you to meet her son," my mom explained. I nodded.