
First off i'd like to say this is my first time writing this kind of thing. This story is about an OTP i really ship and how i think the story would play out in my scenario. Its written in Tony's POV and it is after Age Of Ultron so enjoyyy haha-C⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️
The messed up life of Tony Stark
I finally woke up. Another night of bad dreams. It was a thing i was getting used to lately. When i wasn't dreaming about Pepper I was dreaming about the wormhole, or seeing my friends dead. I haven't had a good nights sleep in two weeks. And the worst part is that i wake up alone. Pepper's gone and i still can't get over it, i know it was my fault and i know I'm too hard on myself but she was mine, i was supposed to protect her, and i couldn't even catch her. What am i if not a murderer?. Anyway I did the usual, asked Friday to make me breakfast, now that Jarvis was gone Friday was my new partner in crime, and when i say crime i mean waking up, eating, doing research and random stuff at the lab, and so on. I haven't  wore the suit in a little more than a month, how could I? When i wear it, it seems like only bad things happens, Rogers has said a thousand times that Ultron wasn't just my fault, but how could I believe him? If i created the damn thing. I think half of the world hates me now, but thats just me, they probably think I'm dead, i haven't gotten out of this loft for a while now, i don't feel like partying when there's nobody to party with, only friends who like my name. Friday woke me up. I had fallen asleep on my desk, probably because i sleep like  four hours a night. "Sir, Ms. Romanoff is here, I've taken the pleasure of letting her in" "Friday remind me of erasing from your hard drive  the thing that allows you to let people inside my apartment without my permission" i said as i left the lab, "i shall not, sir". "Oh Friday, always so charming." I replied.As i went up the stairs i asked myself what does Romanoff want? Don't get me wrong, i've always had my eye on her, but from a distance, she's dangerous but maybe in a good way if you try hard enough, she's not an open book, like me, well at least not with me, i don't know if she opened up with Banner, i didn't like their relationship much to be honest, but it seemed to calm down Bruce and the Hulk so there wasn't much i could do."Natasha Romanoff, it is a pleasure to see you again dear, it was nice you came by, now off you go" "Oh Tony, haha you can't get rid of me so easily, besides this is not a personal meeting""Then please enlighten me, Rogers needs more money? Or what""No, its a technical issue, in the headquarters, Rogers asked me to come""Oh so you're trying to state the fact that you were forced to come here? Whatever Natasha you know I'm off the game, go ask somebody else""You know i would but, you're the best Tony, and no, i also wanted to come, see how you're doing""Im doing just fine thank you very much""Tony, I'm trying to help here, you're not you, your anxiety is back, you're not sleeping well, hell you haven't gotten out in the last freaking month Tony""What? This is the part where you hand me a Snickers bar? No thank you, I'm fine Natasha, as fine as i could be, i just need time""You don't have to be alone all the time Tony, you know Steve and I care for you, we make a good team, so why don't you come to HQ with me, at least to visit""I told you I'm not ready for it Nat, just please, go"I wasn't feeling very well at this moment, this conversation was hurting me, even more when she approached, just 2 ft. Apart, i wasn't feeling well, she mad me nervous."Ok, I'll think about it, maybe i'll come by tomorrow""Im counting on it Stark" She hugged me, she hadn't done that in a while, hell i think this was the first time she hugged me, and it felt right, for a few minutes.When she left the panic attack came, i was trying to control them, but sometimes i couldn't, i felt so stupid, she caused me a panic attack? Something must be wrong with me, i thought. And i had promised her i'll go to HQ tomorrow, why did i say that? I feel so stupid, she made me feel this way.