
You hear light laughter and clicks of cameras. You know its the gang. You cant help but think.'really. Fucking really? Like come on.' So you groan and get up and flick them off. You dont have bed head just one or two knots.
Jacks POV
I hear cameras and laughs. Urg. The gang. After a gew seconds y/n groans and gets up instely feel cold so I look up and see her flick off the group. I hold back laughter. I get up and go to the bath room y/n's not in and brush my hair and teeth as the memorys of last night came flooding back as I smiled to them.
Normal POV
You go brush your and teeth and get dressed. Your wearing a black speggti strap tank top and a little shorter than gym short gym short and put a bright yellow sock on with fruits with faces and a bright blue one with normal looking fruits on them. As you come out Jerry wolf whistles and Jack and Melton glare at him to where Jerry back up affraid you laughed at the sight. Jack ran up, picked you up, spun you around, you herd cameras go off again 'really again' you mentally think. He then sets you down and you mumbled the same thing as last night but loader "cheesey ass mother-fucker" he laughed again and the gang came over and Kim asked "what was all that a bout?" You shrugged and Jack said with a smile on his face "I dont know, just felt like it." You and Kim raised an eyebrow while Milton and Rudy laughed and Jerry glaring at him. Kim sent you a message saying #relationshipgoals with a 2 pictures of you and Jack one of you two asleep and the where he picked you up you text her back saying 'sorry but really we're not dating and hes not my bf if we were and he was you and Milton would be the first to know. ;p' she texted back 'k whatever and why Milton?' 'Hes my cousin' 'I may have for gotten :/' "your sending me those pictures kim" jack shouts as he looks up from your phone. You put you phone way real fast turn to face him only inches a part he was about to lean in but rudy came back into the room.'wait when did he leave the room?' You thought to your self "k every one start training and ill be back in a minute and then we can go to falphel Phil's"