
Your POV in third person
"YOU WERE TRAINED BY BOBBY WASABI HIMSELF!!?" They all yell besides you and Milton. "Yeah" you said really normally like it was normal to be trained by a karate legend. This might piss them off. Hehehe. "OMG OMG OMG OMG. I mean uhh so if you were trained by Bobby then you must knw th-" you cut rudy of by saying "We swear by the light of the dragons eye, to be loyally, honest amd never say die. Wasabi" Milton was even I awe now. "And what Milton didnt know is he was my uncle to" even more awe.
Jacks pov (hehehe)
Ok when I saw y/n I think she was hot but being able to beat all of us in sparing and being trained by Bobby himself and him being her uncle. This girl is just........WOW!! But why is she here. Is she visiting? Staying? What? And thats when Milton asked her "Wait what are you doing here though? And you have to explain and not just say random shiz." YES! Nows my chance to fine out if shes staying or not.
Back to normal POV
When Milton asked that question you froze and then said "wait did your dad not tell you?" "No" "im coming here to live in seaford with you and your dad." "Oh... but why" you let out a sigh. You looked at everyone. They were all confused well not jack he looks...happy? Well Jerry did look a little happy but still confused. "My mom shot my dad he died and since I cant live with Bobby cause my mom doesnt want be near him.I Dont really care what she wants. I have to come with you Milton." Jacks smile faded. Every one was in tears."dont cry for me cause really im fine. It didnt affect me. I never really came out of my room cause they were all ways fighting and when I tryed to stop them. She would smack me to the ground then kick me in the ribs, which cause more fighting. So I stayed away." And now you were in tears cause u didnt realize how hard it would be to tell some one this cause you never had to. While every one whent to go get tissues or some thing. Jack stayed. You looked each other in the eyes as he teared up again and you was still crying a little. He sat really close to you and just stared at each other for a minute before he hugged you.
Jacks POV
As we stared into each others eyes I was timted to kiss her but realized not know so I just hugged her. The words she said before everyone came back was "I just realized how fucked my life is" followed by a nervous chuckle. I hugged her tighter than I was before