
First I didnt know what to do with this story before the last chapter so boom your a mermaid.
You woke up on the floor of your room.'mmmmm how the fuck did I get down here.' You mentally think. You look up to see Jack on the other side on the room asleep with headphones in. You go and wake up Jack, but instead of shaking him you start to poke his cheek like a little kid. He wake up and looks at you, then asks "Why were you poking my face?" "To get you dip shit." You laugh as you help him up. "Hey wanna go for a swim today?!" You ask. "Wait but the beach is always crowded. Won't they see your..... yeah." "No cause when use to vist Bobby I would go to the beach to try and find a secert spot to just hang put at and I found one so you wanna?" "I guess so." You start to jump a round really happily then say. "Ok go home and get your swim trunks and I'll go get ready to." He pecks your lips and leaves. You smile as you go and get a f/c bathing suit. Then slip a big t shirt on over it. You here a knock at the front door. It's Jack. You yell to Bobby "Bye I'm going for a swim." "Ok be careful." and with that you left. You and Jack walk hand in hand to the beach. As soon as you got theree you ran off to your hiding place. It a cave that has a pool on water in the middle and you put candles in to light up the cave. As Jack walked into the cave, he was in awe. "Come on." You say as you take off your shirt to show your bathing suit. Jack looks at you then smiles. He walks up to you and picks you up and kisses you. You jump out of his arms and ran to the pool on water. You dive in as Jack runs towards you. You see something in the water as you jump in. You notice it isnt something its someone? You start to swim to it and see its Kim with a tail. She starts to swim up and you follow her. As soon as you get up you say. "Well um ok then this is um well uhh." You see that Kim has a Blue and green tail with a little pink on the bottom. Jack walks up to you and Kim and says "The most unexpected thing. Your best friend and girlfriend are mermaids." You and Kim laugh. You pull Jack into the water and start to mess around.