
Ypur pov in third person
You woke up from my sleep from yelling in the otjer room 'must be mom and dad again' you think to yourself as you look at what time it is on ypur phone '1:38 pm' you groan and swing out of bed and got dressed in skinny jeans and a random shirt that said 'I still don't care' then here your mom yell "you fucking bitch I dont want you here anymore god damn it" and then you herd it ........the gun shot. You sneak up stairs and peek in your mothers room and see her turned a round.thank god. But with a gun in her hand and a body on the floor which is your father. You dart to your room with out a sound dial the police. They got there under 2 minutes and found your mother in the room a bout to drag it away. But as they were draging her away she screamed " you bitch why would you call the cops I thought you loved me!?!?" You were going to scream back but thought it was best not to.~~~~~time skiped by magical unicorns~~~~The police were sending you to seaford to ypur cousin Milton's house. You always lobed Milton and hanging out with him when he visited. ~~~~~~another time skip thingy~~~~~You got of the plane and was heading to the mall to look for Milton. You texted his dad to see where he was and what ypu dodnt expect was for him to tell you that he was in the Bobby Wasabi dojo. You always dreamed of going there vause you thought the black dragons were to snobby and just. STUPID. You new the wasabi code by heart. You found the dojo and walked in no one noticed you. You seen to guys sparing. The two guys were Milton and a really cute boy. The cute boy beat Milton in 2 seconds. Now was a good time to get his attention. "Hey Milton you ok?" Every one looked at you as Milton got up and ran towards you and ingulfed you into a hug as he yelled "Y/N" he told you everyone was "Y/N this is Jack, Kim, Jerry, and Rudy. And guys this is Y/N" he said pointing to the person as he said there name. "So looks like Milton finally got a girlfriend" Jerry said. You and Milton gaged and "PLZ NO" And  gaged again. "Im his cousin!!!!" You almost screamed." How can some so hot be related to some one so........Milton!!" Ypu laughed a little as every one was looking at you like 'what the fuck'  Besides Milton. Rudy snapped out of it and said "So do you know karate and if so your sparing with Milton" "ok Milton get ready to get your ass beat" you said as you smirked "oh god" ypu beat him in a bout 2 seconds."k im not suprized you beat Milton-" he was cut of by Milton saying "HEY" u giggled a little "hello Milton. But any way your know going to spare woth Jerry" ypu smirked at him and got ready. You beat him in about a minute. " ok ok now kim" you sighed and "k" ypu and kim spared for about 7 minutes before beating her to. "K now you'll spare with me" rudy said. U got ready and beat him in a bout 6 minutes. "Jack your up" rudy said as he limp a little. Ypu and Jack spared for a least 10 minutes but you ended up wining again.  "How are you hot? Awesome enough to beat Jack in karate? And still how are you related to Milton!!!" Jerry said on disbelief. You laught then shrugged. "J-Jerrys r-right how d-did y-you beat J-Jack-k?" Rudy said. And once again you shrugged and said "ask Milton" they all looked at Milton. "She was trained by Bobby Wasabi him self." They were all awe struck.
Well thats it till the next chapter thank you for reading ;p