
You smiled as you walked down the alley to your house. You knew that it was dangerous, but you didn't care. You quickly made your way to your house. You unlocked the door and ran inside. You started to relax when suddenly your door banged open and slammed shut. A short man with black hair stood in front of your door breathing heavy. He had pale blue eyes and wore all black. He glanced at you and seemed to curse in French. "I'm sorry to bother you, but..." "Why were you running?" You interrupted him. He glared at you, but answered. "I was being chased by a mad man." You nodded and didn't push him further. "Do you have a place to stay?" He shook his head."No, why?" "You can stay here, if you would like." You told him."For how long, though?" He asked you and you chuckled. "That depends on you. Make me mad and not very long. Keep me happy and as long as you would like." You told him and he nodded. "What's your name?" He asked "Isn't it proper to give your name before asking?" "Fuck what's proper, I'm Levi." You laughed a little. "I'm (F/n)." You didn't know why you decided to help Levi out, but you did. He looked like a nice guy under all those tough layers. He started to look around. "It's a fucking mess. Where's your cleaning supplies, if you have any?" He asked. You got up from your spot on the couch and motioned for him to follow you. You lead him to the end of the hallway and to the last door on the left. You opened the door and Levi raised an eyebrow. "So you can keep a closet clean, but not a room." You rolled your eyes. "It's not clean in here, it's just organized." You told him and then a question popped into your head. "Do you have OCD?" He glared at you. "And where is this coming from?" He asked, getting defensive. "I was just wondering." You told him and he sighed. "Yes, I do. Everything must be clean, if I'm going to live here." He told you and you nodded. "What about you?" You nodded. "Yes, I like everything organized. Like the closet is, but it doesn't have to be clean." He nodded. "Whatever, that's stupid." You glared. "You're stupid." You snapped back. He rolled his eyes and then grabbed what he needed for cleaning. You followed him out to the living room. When he got there, he pulled two bandannas from his pocket. He then put one over his nose and mouth, the other went over his hair. He then started to get work. You let him go and started play games on the internet. When eight thirty rolled around, Levi was still cleaning so you got up and decided to cook dinner. "Levi, what do you want for dinner?" You asked him. "I'll cook my own, don't worry about it." You nodded and let him do what he wanted. You cooked yourself (F/d) and sat down on you couch and ate in peace. You got up.  You went to the kitchen
"Levi,  I'm being serious. What the fuck do you want for dinner." You saw Levi roll his eyes.
"If you really must know, I'll just have whatever you just had. I guess it looked good. Brat, just know that it better taste good, or you're dead to me." You just rolled your eyes at his words.
"Whatever you say, corporal." You said in a sarcastic tone. You saw him glare at you as he finished with his cleaning.
"Don't be a smartass, brat. I'll have you know that I may be short, but I can kick your ass any day." You chuckled.
"If you say so, midget." You saw his eyebrow twitch so you decided to back off.
"Go fuck yourself." He told you. Your eyes widened.
"I can kick you out, you know." You saw him nod.
"Yes, I do know that, but right now, you're only getting what you deserve and you know it." You shrugged your shoulders.
"I guess." You finished making his dinner and put it on a clean plate. Along with that you places the correct silverware. You then walked out into the the living room. You then yawned.
"If you're so damn tired go to bed." You nodded.
"Alright, Levi, your room will be next to mine or the first door on the right. Have any questions just knock and ask." You told him and you heard whatever for a response . You rolled your eyes and went to bed.