
You and the gang are heading back to the dojo from falphel phil's. It was just a normal day of sparing till everyone left and it was just you and Jack. You and him was on the bench. He was starring at you while you put stuff in your bag. When you look up he's barely an inch away from your face. You and him stare at eack other till his gaze goes to your lips and back. Then he leams in the inch and kisses you. Your in shock but kiss back. But you didnt know that Milton was standing right there in the dojo. He clears his trought. Your cheeks heat up and stare at him in shock. Jacks cheeks are a light pink to."uhhh well uhhh I was just uhh coming to get my towel and uhh I uhhh walk in to this uhh" Milton said with a nervous chuckle. You and Jack blushed again. As Milton got his towel he whispered to Jack "Dont suffocate my cousin dude." And as Jack blushed you giggled causing Jack to blush even more. Then you got a text from Milton saying 'im telling everyone and showing them the picture to' he attached a picture of you and Jack kissing. You blushed and Jack said really fast to Milton "your sending me that picture!" You blush and laugh while Milton just literary almost fell from laughter. Jack blushed and looked down."well I gotta go, dad will start worrying bye. And yes ill send you the picture to Jack." Jack's heas popped up and looked really happy. Milton left and Jack's phone vibrates. He reaches for it but its to late you grap the phone and look at the background. The picture of you and Jack when he ran and pickes you up you blush and say "Really?" "Haha uhh umm sorry?" You laugh again "no its fine I have you and me as mine to." You say blushing. "Oh um y/n" "yeah" "uhhh I uhh really like you and uhhh was wondering uhh would you be my girlfriend? " you were in shock again. You just nod and hug him. You have to text Kim. You pull out your phone and go to Kim's contact and text her 'JACK JUST ASK ME TO HIS GIRLFRIEND!!!' She texted back right aways saying 'EEEEEEEEE!!!' You laugh and text her 'did Milton send the picture yet?' 'Now he did and awwwww. I ship it' ' k whatever and night see you tomorrow' 'k bye' you and put your phone on the charger then go to sleep. But right before you go to sleep you barely hear an "I love you" and thats when you fell asleep.