
When everyone came back Milton said "y/n me and Rudy just talked with my dad and he doesnt have your room ready since this is short notice and he might not have it ready for a while so Rudy offered you staying at the dojo till we get your room done." He said the last part a little unsure but you nobbed in agreement. He sighed in relief. "But some one will have to stay with you in the days your here." "K. But who?" "Hmmmmm." He hummed as he looked a round the room at the small group of people."Jack." "Ok" Jack said a little happily with a big smile. Milton pulled Jack aside for a second to talk to him in the back room. When Jack got up Jerry sat next to me and put an arm around my shoulders do I fliped him and said "Nice try but I can tell your a player" "How can you tell that Jerrys a player" Kim asked "I'll explain more later" he just nodded
Miltons POV
"Ok" Jack said a little happily.  Hes been eyeing y/n more than Jerry has! But I trust Jack a whole lot more than Jerry. But I know Jack likes her I can feel it. So I pull him aside in to a room. "What?" Jack asked really confused. "I know you like y/n and im fine with it cause I trust you more with her more than I trust Jerry with her. But the only thing is that I ask is if you do get together with her dont turn into Jerry. I dont want her hurt again. Ok. Do you promie me that?" I asked. "Dude you know I wouldn't do that and I wont even let Jerry hurt her and if he does you know what will happen" there was a little anger in his voice when he said the Jerry thing he spoke again "and thank you I promise you." "Wasabi code?" "Wasabi code." We locked hands and stared at each other ans spoke in sink. "We swear by the light of the dragons eye, to be loyally, honest and never say die. Wasabi"  then we walk back to the group.
Back to normal POV
They walked back to the group." K guys well" Rudy stoped to yon "see tomorrow" and after everyone said good bye to you and Jack, you guys went Into the suply room and found an air mattress and went into a spare room which luckly had a tv. You desided to watch a comedy movie. In the middle of the movie you got a little tired.  Jack yoned and put his arm around you and you mumbled playfully "Cheesey ass mother-fucker" you think he herd you cause he chuckled after you said it. You guys lay down and you say "night Jack" and then you yoned "night" he hummed a little. But you felt warm arms rap around your waste and a body pressed agents yours.you know its Jack so you cuddle up closer to him and fall a sleep like that.