
Alexis POV:
ALEXIS! ALEXIS!" My dad yelled from down stairs as I was currently up in my room trying to pick up the pieces of glass from the vase I just accidentally knocked over. I was trying to pick them up as fast as I could before my dad noticed when he gets up here. Ugh I always have to screw up at the worst times ugh I'm so clumsy.Suddenly the door burst open and my dad standing there with a beer bottle in his hand looking pissed as ever "you worthless bitch you just always have to be braking stuff don't you!" he yelled As I was shaking getting ready to get a slap or kick. My dad was always like this when I gothome he was either drunk, passsed out, or out getting a drink. Ever since my mother passed away due to cancer when I was only 12. He use to be a loving father, a caring husband, a different man than he is now, since the accident he's not the same man he was back then. Everyday I fear of him kicking, slapping, even punching me and getting called worthless, bitch, slut you name it. he always has to be blaming me for my mothers death and saying I should have been the one. I miss her she was always so nice and caring we were so close and after that day she passed I was not the same girl I once was. Now I'm a depressed, worthless girl with a abusive dad saying I was a mistake.I was cut out of my thoughts when I felt a sting to my cheek and then getting kicked in the side twice last thing I saw was my dad walking out slamming the door then I blacked out.
Next morning I woke up on the ground with a minor headache so I got up and went to shower. As I got in I was thinking why me. Why does he have to let all his anger out on me. It's not fair then I thought life isn't fair. My mom passed, I get bullied, I have no one, my dad treats me like shit, I don't even have a reason to be here all I'm here for is to be someone's punching bag and let me tell you something that's one of the few things I'm good at. I got out the shower and got dressed in a over sized long sleeved shirt that I tucked in and pulled out some of my  high waisted shorts with my white converse. And for my makeup and hair some mascara and eyeliner with foundation and a little bit of blush then I left my brown wavy hair down with a maroon beanie and called it good. I started walking down stairs. I was just hoping my dad was still sleeping or still passed out cause I was not looking forward to be greeted by him this morning. I called it clear when I didn't notice his presence so I hurried and grabbed a apple and left out the door to get to school "notice the sarcasm" Once I pulled in I got out and started heading towards the entrances. I walked in then stared heading towards my locker to get my books for my first class then I heard a way to familiar voice yell "hey bitch" my way and when I turned around I saw Nash Grier with two of his friends that always follow him come my way.
This is my first story so if there are any incorrect spelling or grammar please tell me and I hope you like it and again it's my first so enjoy😄😄😄