
You woke up with Jack's arms around you. You tried to get but to pulled down by Jack. You sigh. You lean in and kiss his nose. His eyes flutter open and he smiles at you. You smile back at him he leans in and kisses you on the lips. You kiss him back. You go to the bathroom and get ready while Jack goes to a different one you dress in a lime green tank top that says the wasabi code on it and black gym shorts. You went to get your phone. After you grap your Jack comes up behind you graps you by the waste and says in your ear "no one knows Milton didnt say anything." "Well Kim knows I told her but no one else." Theres silence for a minute but it wasnt awkward.  Then hes says "well eveyones about to fine out now" he picks you up and brings you to the group. You and every one else looks confused on why he picked you up and brought you out. He looks over at you, then kisses you gently on the lips. You kisses back before he pulls away. You look back at the group to see Milton with a 'really?' Face on, Jerry glaring at him like if he did it long enough Jack might disappear, Kim was fangirly, and Rudy was in shock.Milton said "oh um y/n your room is ready at the house" "ok" Jack looked a little sad. "Hey Jack can you come help me pack my stuff." "Huh oh uh yeah sure." When you when back there jack still looked sad. So you walked up to him and hugged him. You looked at each other for a moment before he kissed you. It was passionate. You broke apart and smile at him." We need to pack." He sighed and said "yeah yeah." You laughed and got out your bag.
~~time skip brought to you by andy beirsack~~
You walked in to main area of the dojo with your bag in hand and a book bag. You were about to say something when your phone rang......it was someone you didnt except it was Bobby. 'Why would he be calling' you answered it.Covo (B-bobby/y-youB-hey y/n i was woundering if you could come vist or I come vist you I know your not with your mom it was on the news.Y- yes but im actually in seaford!B- really? Where?Y- bobby wasabi dojoB- you do know thats my dojo right?Y- yeah but I cant say that I dont want my friends to know who im tallking to yet?B-YOU HAVE FRIENDS!? YAY! How bout I come over and take you and your friends out for lunch?Y- if you want!B- ok bye see you soon love youY- bye bye love you toYou hung up"Who was that" Rudy asked "A family member that wants to take us all out for lunch . Hes coming over now to pick us up." "Ok!"rudy said "so go get ready guys." And after they left even Jack.  Bobby walk through the doors and hugged you and said "I've missed you. I've herd about your friend Jack hes one of the best and even the best cant beat him but it takes like 20-25 minutes to him to beat them have you spared any tell me." "Wow ok and yea I have spared already and I beat them all but Jack it only took 10 minutes to beat." "Woah I tought you well." You and Bobby laughed and did a (bro)fist bump. And then you herd the loudest thing ever behind you. Rudy. He said "hey y/n how long till. AHHHH BOBBY WASAI'S HERE AHHHH." You laugh as every one runs in and stops in awe and shock. "This is the family member that want to take us out to us out for lunch?!?!" Jack says. You just nod happily. "Oh wait can we stop by Milton's house we have to drop of my stuff." "Of course."~~ after luch ~~You guys went back to the dojo and you said by to Bobby. You and Milton where going to leave but Jack graped your hand and kissed you. You smile then let out tiny laugh. Jerry was glaring at him even more so you decided to say. "If it makes you feel better Jerry you never really had a chance with me to begin with." Jerry blushed out of embarrassment and looked down. As everyone laughed. You pecked Jack on the lips and left with Milton. As you were walking home. You got a text from Jack but as he put in your phone 'sexy karate boy' you laughed at the name but never changed it but the text said ' im coming over but have your window open cause I know Miltons dad might not let me in haha' you text back 'k ;p' you got to the house and hugged Miltons dad and he showed you your room. You thanked him and locked the door. You got dressed in fluffy black pj pants and a f/c shirt and fluffy black socks to. Then opened the window and seen it had a Tetris you sat out there and when on your phone to text Jack.