
Hey guys! I just wanted to inform you that this may have a bit of swearing in it, and also some things that don't make much sense but does it really have to? Life doesn't make sense. Why does anything else have to? THATS RIGHT IT DOESNT.That's all I guess!
My eyes started to sting and I thought about when people say that in books. "My eyes started to sting." Whilst reading, I'd never really understood how your eyes can sting when you're trying not to cry. And, to be honest, it didn't really sting. It was just a sharp ache, centred in my eyes and throat. I couldn't talk, for fear the terrible entity would realise that I was weak.
That I was vulnerable.
But weren't all of us vulnerable? Human? I thought about the phase "I'm only human". Only? Does that make us small? Insignificant? The answer was yes, of course it did. But, to us tiny, fragile beings, humanity was all we knew. All we were.
And, even though we were all part of this great evolution that gave little care to individual lives, we didn't realise this to its full extent. To its full meaning.
When everyone is little, they think that they're special. They think they'll mean something. But that doesn't actually happen. Ever. Because every time you are blessed with something, before you get the chance to say good bye, life rips it away from you, so fast you're left wondering what you did to deserve all the heartbreak that the blessing's absence had cast onto you.
And that's just what it meant to be "only human". To experience pain and happiness. And pain because of happiness. And emotions. Emotions that are the most amazing thing in the whole universe until they become negative. Then, all you want, is to just have your feelings torn away from you, along with what had caused them.
But, because I was only human, tiny, insignificant and meaningless, I stood. I stood, just so I could be knocked straight down again. And, like it does every time, as I expect, the horrible creature delivered its final blow, to my chest and my heart, and my pointedly throbbing eyes, taking away my consciousness and my only human senses.