
DEAN'S P.O.V:
I had wanted to do this for so long. i had wanted to make
my feelings evident and to make cas understand how i feel for him.  I still remember how we met.
(FLASH BACK) the lights exploded in the small barn we where in. then, the doors burst open reveling a man with the eyes of the sea. (end of flash back) those eyes where the eyes that i was practically falling off a cliff for. those eyes where the ones that i fell in love with so many years ago.  those eyes gripped me tight and raised me from perdition. ( although i wish he would grip me tight in other places than just my arm.) i was going to do it. i was going to tell cas that i loved him right after Sam left the bunker to go some where and meet with Gabriel for their 2 year anniversary. ' hey cas, can you get down here please?' i think and then, i hear the flap of wings behind me and when i turn around, I'm met with those beautiful ocean blue eyes. " hello dean." he says with the deepest, sexiest voice i will ever know. that voice could make me orgasm just from him speaking. he was extremely close to me. i guess angels dont know what persnal space is."um, cas personal space." i say and he steps back a little. "sorry." then we just stare at each other.  we get engulfed into each others  eyes and hear a faint "bye guys!" from the other room and then the door to the bunker shuts.  " cas, sit down. i have something to tell you." i say, breaking the eye contact wich i immeadiately miss  and lead him over to one of the tables near the book  shelves. " yes dean?" he asks and i try to look into his eyes but i cant. my head falls and i manage to shut my eyes and rush all at once " caswillyougooutwithmebecauseithinkimightloveyou." then, i hear the flap of wings.  di-did he just leave?! oh my god! he hates me now! what did i just do?! ughhhhh! but, when i look up, a warm pair of arms wrap around my shoulders and a deep gravely voice comes from behind me.  "dean, i would absolutely love to go out with you. i have wanted to for longer than you know." and with that, my heart exploded and i wonder how anyone could posses the power to make me feel this way.