
*end of school.*
,"what its not my fault!"i beamed as my hair flew to my side from the wind.,"sure, whatever."alex said chuckling as she put an earphone in one ear.
continuing to walk home i let my eyes wonder a bit even though I've seen the sceanery more than enough.,"hey lets stop by the skate park."alex said.i shrugged
,"ok."getting out my phone i texted my dad i was going to be at the skate park till her ride arrives at the house.
getting his alright we headed over to the small skate area.i sighed sitting on a log.,"whats wrong."alex asked.i shrugged my shoulders as i looked down at the water.
,"the river just keeps flowing without a care in the world..i wonder where it ends up."i mummble as i threw a stick.,"someone drinks it,it ends up falling into the toilets because you..arent even suppose to drink it and then it goes in the suers."
,"so creative." I chuckled.,"we should head back,"she said looking at the time.,"she gonna be there soon."
i nodded and we walked home.i dont know..i just..with this kind of life that happenes day after day,i can't help but want something atleast interesting to happen.I've always believed that all our lifes are just bookes,every life,a single point of veiw,a single peice of information,i single puzzle peice for one big book.
our lifes our just dreams..dreams for the dead.the writer is controlling everything we do.its actually quite funny if you think about it.ive always thought of me making a book about a charictors life and that they would write about there life and change up the details a bit so that their charicter writes a book,its like an endless cycle.
like a frame inside a frame inside a fram..but,thats just what i think.,"hey you gonna come in or no?"alex said snapping me out of thought.
,"h-huh?"she raised an eyebrow as she said,"look around you."i did so and found out i was at the doorway for home.
,"oh*nervouse laugh*whoops.."i stepped in.as soon as i did i hearda car pull in.it was her mom.,"wow,just in time."i mused grinning like a fool.
hugging her we said goodbye but not before she said,"hey guess what?"as she smirked as i rolled my eyes knowing what she was going to do.,"close the door."she ran out to her car as i shook my head smiling.
,"how was school?"mother asked.i huffed out and grunted in irritation of the mention of school,"bleh."was all i said-and was all that needed to be said-as i walked up to my room.