
,"hey kristen!"david,one of my friends greeted me.
,"ey."i greeted back as i sat next to claudia.leaning back in my seat i wated for the class to begin.
,"hey!"amber said-another friend of mine..-i jerked my chin up in a greeting.
,"sup."claudia said as she fooled around with her braclet.i shrugged in responce.,"school,im not good."i said as my head hung off the chair.
,"alright get out your labs from monday!"the science teacher called out as he entered the class.i groan as i took out my bag and dug through the large abis.
class went on as the teacher talked about some stupid un really realated science stuff.but hey,how would i know if i didnt even pay attention..
*do-doo..do-doo*
lazily i got up and swung my bag over my shoulder.
,"common,kid."alex said amused as i followed her to math.,"hey vanity a.","hey ticci-talkie."we greeted smirking as we slapped our hands together and fist bumped.
,"man i hate people.."i said as i rubbed the back of my head.,"you think any of us do?"she said refering to our group raising an eyebrow.i half grinned half smirked as i replied with,"true."
she shook her head chuckling herself and said,"but hey i gotta go."i sighed as i nodded,"dont die of bordom!"i called after her.,"cant promise you anything!"
she yelled back making me giggle.,"Alright crystal,can you sit down."the teacher said.,"sure.."i huffed out as i grabbed my warm up paper and worked on the problem on the board.
as the class went on i wrote down some more poems as i usually do.every once in a while i would glance up to see where we were from what we were learning.
as the class continued i zoned out as my hand rested on my cheek as my shoulder was the only thing keeping my upper body wieght.as the bell rang one last time i got up-slid out-from my seat and headed over to alex.
,"Shall we go?"i mused in a fake polight bow.she shook her head waking away mummbling a 'your so wierd',"i try!"i said as i catched up to her.
as people flooded the hallways i averted my gaze down.,"still not over the fear of people huh."