
I walked around in the tunnels of the mines. The walls seemed to close in the farther I walked into the mine. The caves rumbled, pieces of dirt and stone hit me in the head as I picked up my pace. The tunnels were falling apart, and I was going to be trapped if I didn't hurry up. I heard the rumbling get louder and louder, more and more rubble fell on my head, the walls closed in even more and I knew I was close. I was able to jump into the opening of the underground mine that connected with a town. The tunnel closed behind me. The tunnels now had to bed dug out again, but I couldn't give any more shits about the tunnel.I looked and saw the mines busier than ever, drills at full power; even the old ones were working when they weren't supposed to. I walked past the mined and climbed a huge set of stairs to the town. The only way to get to the town was with a pass to enter the mines, leading you to the town which had big marble walls surrounding the Town and the City. When I got in, I noticed everyone looking at me, quite angry and some dissapointed. I looked into the eyes of my friends and saw sadness and anger. Both of my eyebrows were lowered in a confused way.
"Nice job asshole, you got yourself kicked out of the city, but this time you can't come back"Jackie said to me murmering a bit under her breath.
"Well, what did I do this time eh?"
"Ha, you don't know why? Lemme tell you why, Jett, we saw you do the unexplainable the weekend of the 4th. We had cameras in that room and we saw everything! The mayor isn't pleased and is very angry. He has ordered you to get kicked out of the city immediately."
I looked at the mayor's messenger and growled under my breath. One day this city will be crushed under my feet. I promise them that they have had me till my last nerve and they have NO idea who I am.
"Fine, kick me out, but if you want me out, order your guards to carry me out. I'm not walking"I said smirking towards him"Do it quickly before I get angry you hear."
He got angry and told the guards to carry me out of the city through the city gates. When I was out, I found streets of emptyness. I looked at around and saw mists and darkness. I smiled as I walked towards the first narrow street. I looked back and saw my parents and my friends looking at me quiet disturbed and disappointed. I smirked
"Your gunna to regret everything you did to me... Fuck you and your little city of sunlight, its gunna be hell when I return."
I whispered to myself as I look forward and kept going.