
(WARNING IF YOU HAD NOT READ THE BOOKS IM ABOUT TO LIST AND WANT TO READ THEM I SUGGEST YOU DONT READ THIS CHAPTER; if I stay, d-gray man, speak, if he's daring, the Watsons go to Birmingham, stained, demon love spell, hero, cloudy with a chance of boys WARNING)
XD I'm like skimming through the names of the books I have and just leaving comments for not fucking reason its just;
if I stay-about death...-_-
d-gray man-just the first episode of a freaking anime I watched over a thousand times because I have no life, can you tell?
speak-.....rape...party...mistakes...problems....betrayal....no trust...
if he's daring- a women's kid gets stolen by the uncle...women falls in love...apparently makes love I don't fucking know the books all over the place apparently at the end the women finds out that her husband was actually gay...and that her son wasn't even his...and that he paid some other random guy to just rape her...while she was sleeping. Oh yah the uncle rapes her too...uh yeah...moving on!
the watsons go to Birmingham-just about a weird ass family...but I shouldn't say that there's a lot of serious things that happen in it like church bombings...
stained-a girl who has a purple stain on her face is bullied, rejects the one boy who actually is nice to her, ends up getting kidnaped by(according to her) a really handsome guy, gets raped multiple times, she rescues herself, and the guy goes to prison, and she ends up getting a boyfriend!
WHY ARE THERE SO MANY BOOKS ABOUT RAPE?!?! STOP! ITS VERY DIPRESSING TO A LOT OF PEOPLE AND UNCOMFORTABLE TO PEOPLE WHO MIGHT HAVE ACTUALLY BEEN RAPED. but it does show that even you can be your own hero...
demon love spell-...>/////< u-uh....demons and apparently about an incubus who cant stop thinking about sex....I need to look at the back of these book covers because when I don't NOTHING GOOD EVER COMES OUT OF IT *blush and hides under blanket*
hero-now that, that is a really good book I don't want to give out any spoilers
cloudy with a chance of boys- honestly...I have no idea...a lot of the book is talking about love and plays that this girl wants to be in so she can kiss her crush and frogs....-~-
diary of a dork- that one I think is really cool.it describes me a lot and I just use it when I feel like I want to hurt myself but the book really helps because really she doesn't resort to that with her school  problems.
play list for the dead- apparently someone committed suicide(which may I say I really shouldn't be reading....) and his friend cant remember why he did so he only has the one who committed suicides playlist of songs to remember.

depressing d