
Laurens POV
"Come on girls! We've got a long ride ahead of us!" Ally shouted from the tour bus. It was our second show for the summer Reflection tour, and so far everything has been amazing.
Before I even got on the bus with the rest of the girls, I waited outside for Carli. Carli and I have been dating for about a month and we've gotten closer than I thought we would.
There's only one problem. My feelings for Carli are everywhere. I mean, yeah I like her, but there is only one person who can make me feel some type of way. Camila.
When I'm outside of the bus on stage, Camila. When I'm on the bus, sitting alone in the back, Camila. No matter what I think about, Camila somehow manages to slip into my mind like a ninja.
My thoughts were scrambled when I felt a hand on my shoulder. "Hey you" I heard a fimilar voice that made me jump a little.
"Hey Carli" I greeted her then kissed her on the cheek. "So? How did we do tonight?" I asked her with a smirk.
"Eh, you guys were okay" she replied giggling. I gave her a fake pout then crossed my arms. "I'm just kidding babe" she laughed wrapping her arms my neck.
"Are you sure I can't go on tour with you and the girls?" She asked in a low tone. "I wish you could, but there is no room" I sighed.
"Hey, I have to go. It's getting late. I'll text you when I get home" she gave me a hug then kissed me before she walked to her car. "Text you later!" I shouted so she could hear.
By the time she walked off, I was already on the bus rushing to the back where no one hardly goes to. "You okay Laur?" Normani spoke up to me. "Yeah, I just need some music that's all" Normani nodded and let me go.
As I make it to the back, I seen Camila, sitting on the sofa, reading The Fault In Our Stars again. She's read that book at least 6 times already. I don't blame her though, it's a good read. When I realized I was staring at her like an idiot, I pulled out my ear buds and sat across the end from Camila.
Not looking from my phone, I shuffled through some songs on my playlist. I didn't have much songs so it would land on something I knew by heart.
As soon as I heard the song, it made me look up at Camila. I couldn't bare the change the song. It just felt right.
Cause I'm in love the thought of you, with the thought of you, with thought of you
Cause I'm in love with the thought of you, like the things you do, but the thought of you
Girl I'm in love with the thought of you-u-u, you-u-uGirl I'm love with the thought of you-u-u, you, you-u-u
In love with the thought of you
Oh god. No Lauren. Her mom said no. No means no.
I snapped myself back into reality, luckily Camila didn't know that I was just drooling over her. I violently change the song to get out of my feels.
"You okay over there?" The smaller girl asked. I looked up in shock that she spoke first, but quickly replied.
"Uhm. Yeah, I'm good. Heh, stupid phone won't work with me today" I laughed nervously. Camila just giggled, then went back to her book.
Of course, I smiled back because of how embarrassed I was, but relieved that she at least spoke up to me first. I was hoping one of us would start up a conversation so things weren't as awkward as before, but we've gotten better since back home. Let's just hope I can keep this up.