
sighing i groan as i hear,"KRIS!TIME TO GET UP!"face palming i growl at my alarm.
,"you stupid fucking phone,you were suppose to wake me up..IM UP!"i mummble towards my phone but yell to mother afterwards.
i letting out a deep breath before rolling over so my back was facing the bed.rubbing my hair irritatedly i groan and sit up fast getting ready for hell and what it may bring.
*few muinet later*
,"happy mondays!"mother says not in the mood. I chuckle after she takes a sip of her coffie and makes a grossed out face.
,"this is why i wanted your dad to get me coffee instead of making it,the coffie maker is shit."i chuckled going over to the shoe basket and putting my shoes on.
,"bry, get up!your going to be late!"mom screamed at my brother.i rolled my eyes.,"great hes going to make me do two trips.."mom grumbled as he slugged out of bed and up the stairs.
,"this is why i want to get a long board,great for long distances."i said smirking a lazy smirk as i pack my school bag.,"please, you cant even get out of bed without me yelling for you to get up."it was her turn to roll her eyes.
,"its not my fault that my phone decides to die at the wrong time."i say not really caring.,"well maybe if you stopped playing music at night,it wouldn't die."dad said coming down from the stairs going up to me and kissing me on the four head mumbling a 'good morning' before doing the same to mom and sitting down.
,"caught me red handed."i said holding my hands up and shrugging in surrender.,"you ready?"dad asked getting up and putting a shirt on.,"am i ever?"i reply swinging my bag on my shoulder as i shift all my weight on one leg raising my eyebrow.
dad chuckled as he struggled to put his shoes on.,"keys."i stated.he tossed the keys to me shaking his head as he continued with his shoe struggle.
walking to the passenger side of the car i put the keys in the car and turned it fully on and hit the unlock button to my door as i sat down on my side.dad finally got to the car and slammed the door shut as he started to drive away but stopped when Bry started walking down to the car.
i rolled my eyes and sighed inwardly as i thought' hes older than me!you'd think he would be more responsible than i am..'
,"come one Bry!"dad said as irritated as i was and slammed on the drive peddle making him zoom out of the drive way.
'he really needs a car..then again,even if he did he wouldn't use it and would still rely on our parents to drive him since he was late..yah he wouldn't last a day.'
as we arrived at the school dad got out money for our lunches.closing our doors he drives away to paradise,home,while we head off to hells prison..