
ABOUT SARAH ANDERSON
Full name: Sarah Lily AndersonAge: 19Occupation: LawyerLives in: CanadaFamily: None left, died in a freak accident in 1998 (Sasha was 2 and she had foster parents)
A/n. Okay, this book is completely out of my imagination. But if this is similar to anything please let me know. Thanks.
(Sarah's P.O.V)
I sat in bed, I felt like something was different as I scrolled through my Instagram, 'I really should get up' I thought sadly. I pulled myself out of bed and put on my slippers. I checked the time, it was already 7:30! I have to run. I quickly got dressed into a pair of dark shorts with a pair of tights underneith and a purple T-shirt, well  it's not really appropriate for a lawyer but oh well. I put on a little foundation, mascara and lipstick. Then skipped breakfast and jumped in my car and took off, it was 8:45!! 'I am gonna be late! And I didn't shape my eyebrows! :c' I pulled into my spot in my work carpark, and ran into work...
~ AFTER WORK ~
"PHEW!" I say to my best friend, Molly, "I know right, that last case though." "Yeah, I guess I'll see you tomorrow." I said. I hopped into my car and started to drive home. A few turns away from my house a figure stumbled out infront of my car! I swerved the car and missed the figure, it was a man. I think I regognised him but couldn't put my finger on it, "Um, sir? Are you alright?" I say while rolling down the window. He turned to me. I screamed! It was the most horrible site I'd ever seen. Do you know after you come out of the sun and your skin peels a little? Well this mans skin was like this but much worse, also his jaw was cut out of his mouth, and I'm not sure whether he had hands. He was wearing what looked like a hospital gown. But it was very bloody. The man started towards me...
I just took off in the car and left the man trying to catch up but with no luck. Once I got into my house, I knew what to do even though it may just have been a weird man, but now I know what the different feeling was this morning. I had somehow foreseen this and I had to leave. NOW.
I packed a lot of things into a backback. A photo album of my parents, a few pairs of jeans and several t-shirts, undergarments and toiletariesI changed into a pair of black jeggings and a 'My Chemical Romance shirt. I put some snacks in my bag, well when I say snacks I mean, food that will last for ages and do me for weeks. Canned goods more or less and a few chocolate bars. I also, not really wanting to, but I pulled a kitchen knife from the block and slid it into my bag. Only a precaution. I set out if the house into the car and into a gas station. I figured I'd be driving a lot so I'd fill my tank completely. I paid then drove off heading out of the town.
Hey guys, I'm the author of 'He's irreplaceable' a Chandler Riggs fan fiction. This is a completely original story so yeah its not based on anything but my imagination. So yeah see you's soon x