
waking up i check my phone to see its 6:50.huffing i knew that was as much i was going to be able to sleep.
as i headed downstares i saw mother and dad come down not saying or speaking to eachother..
'oh boy what happened this time..'i sighed inwardly knowing they had some soart of fight.as i got my shoes on for school there was only silence.
i shook my head frowning.swinging my bag over my shoulder i grabbed the keys off of grampas stand and opened the door.
'holly shit its cold out!'i screamed in my head.,"want me to warm up the car?"i asked dad.he nodded his head and put on his shirt.'okay?i guess hes comming out too.i just hope moms alright with trying to wake bry up and get him ready..'
we sat in the car in silence as it drove.,"you alright."i said knowing he needed to get his hatred out or it will explode on mom later.he shook his head and was silent for a moment before saying
,"i hate your mother.."now i know he doesn't mean what he says.i let the humming of the car surround us before saying,"what happened this time."i handle all of there problems from time to time.
mostly i just make sure they cool down weather its mother and dad.if they need someone to talk to about their relationship problems they always turn to me.i don't mind it at all though.it just makes me feel like they can depend on me.
but it makes me feel bad because mother has no friends and if she doesn't want to put too much on me she calls up her sister,but that isn't too often just time to time.
i can handle there hate words when they tell it to me but i can't handle it when they actually fight.if things get too carried away Bry usually stops it.i step in a few times but i know i cant do anything until after the fight.
if mother is upset i will comfort her when she is in the kitchen or upstairs.i just can't stand it when people cry..
,"she was complaining about me not doing anything or helping her around the house which is a loud of shit.i make you guys food i go through my way just to get her coffee,what els does she want from me?!"he said irritated.
pausing again incase he wanted to say something els i said in a soft tone turning to face him.,"shes just stressed."he doesn't turn towards me but i can see clear on his face he is glaring,"she doesn't know anything about stress.she doesn't work."
,"thats not it.don't you ever think shes just..mad at herself?like you said,she isn't capable of working so she cleans the house,rearranges the rooms,cleans our cloths and does the dishes.shes beating her self up because she feels like she isn't doing a good enough job as she is.and she hates it.don't you ever see her stay up all night?all night she stays up.i know because of her coughs.shes restless.tired.why don't you let her sleep in while you handle bryan?you wouldn't have to get coffee 1. two,bryan might listen to you better since you the guy in the house.three,shell get sleep so you wont have to deal with her fights."
when i finished speaking we had arrived back in our driveway.i watched as he looked at the car time and leaned his head back on the seat while closing his eyes.i knew he wasn't going to say anything more to me so i got out of Bryan's seat and got in mine waiting for him to come out to the car.
*after school because I'm too lazy to actually write about my day.*
,"were going to be doing something everyone will enjoy!are you excited?"mother said happy and cheerful.
,"huh-oh yeah.."i said.,"were going to the movies!"i paused.,"and....when did we get this money?"i ask.they frown.,"We've always had it?"sure..ok..,"oh."i simply just said and went up stares to continue my story.