
My phone vibrated on my leg, and seen I had a message from Carli.
Carli: Made it home! Everything good?
I was hoping it wasn't Carli if I'm honest. I was hoping it was Ally sending me a goodnight text or something.
Me: yeah I'm good. just listening to musicCarli: Anything good?Me: it's my same music so yeah lolCarli: Well my bad lol. Do you have to go?Me: actually yeah. we have to get some sleep then talk about our next show.Carli: Alright. I'll let you go. Love you, do goodMe: you too, and I will.
After Carli and I finished talking, I went back to my music and hit shuffle. At the corner of my eye, I seen Camila get up from her spot and close her book.
"Finish reading?" I asked pulling out one ear bud. "Yeah, I finished it again. Reading gets me tired. Night Lauren" she gave me a soft smile then went I to her bunk.
I was about to get up until I seen Dinah come in the room. She gave me the 'I know something is wrong and you better tell me' look. With a soft sigh I sat down and patted the spot next to me so she could hear what I have to say.
"I know. You know something is up and you wanna talk" I sighed. "Good job, you're learning so fast" she said sarcastically.
I shook my head and looked down to my feet. "Look Laur, you can't change Sinus mind about you. She made it clear for you two to just be friends" Dinah spoke.
"I know, but I don't understand why she can't just accept us and support us" I placed my head in my hands in defeat, knowing I really can't change her mind about me.
"Just wait it out Laur, maybe she will change her mind. Ima go to bed. Our show really got me tired. Night Laur" Dinah yawned as she walked over to her bunk.
Maybe Dinah was right. Maybe I should wait it out and see what happens. Things can't happen over night like you want it to.
I pulled out my ear buds and shut my music off. I walked over to my bunk and wiggled to get in because of how small they were, but cozy. I don't even want to change at this point, so I plugged my phone in the charger and went to sleep.
Ally is right. This is gonna be a looooong ride.
A/n: Well well well, look at me writing XDI have alot more ideas, like what will happen to Lauren and Carli? What will go down with the girls in the morning on the bus?
Anyways, give me some feedback on this please lol