
*in english-brought to you by garrett :3-(gets interupted)me:yah well garrett can go fuck off >:I*
,"kay!get out your homework!"the teacher said making me give her a look of disbelief'we had homework?'i thought inwardly.
she tapped on my table with her pen,"forgot it?"she said not fazed at all.i thought for a muinet thinking of an excuse to give her.i was in no mood to make up lies this early in the morning so i simply nodded my head resting it on my hand.
she shook her head as she wrote my name on a sticky note.rolling my eyes at that irritating thing i looked out the window.,"alright,since you didnt do your homework why dont you go first."the teacher said.
i groaned,"come on,im already paying for it at fith period!"she put a hand on her left hip and gave me a look saying,"maybe this will teach you to do your homework."i laughed mummbling.,"like you expect me to stop being late?","what was that?"she asked irritated.you and me both,you and me both.
,"nothing."i grumble getting out my poster and standing in front of the class.,"so what do you want me to say."i asked impationtly tapping my foot.,"Explain your project!we need to listen,yeah?"
i rolled my eyes.,"well maybe if your class wasnt so damn boring.."i grumbled.,"maybe you would like to stay after school and talk with me?"the teacher said and glared.,"mmno*smaks lips*im good thanks."
,"kristen,just get it over with,we all have to do it."garrett said giving me a bored look.ohh ill give you bored you little-
,"alright.fine.this is a guy who decided to write books-"garrett interupted saying,"why am i not surprised *laugh*"
,"listen you little vermin!you wanted me to get this over with so don't you interrupt me!"i said clenching my fists making four holes into my poster board.
,"woah,aren't you angry this morning.i get it.not a morning person."garrett shrugged.I'm going to kill him.
,"Garrett,out."the teacher said as his gang laughed as he said,"what can i do?"as he shrugged again smirking before leaving to go to the duke of nuts played as the duke himself.
,"as i was saying*rolls eyes*he was a music conductor,um he had malaria,he was the brother of many kids,and um yah.."i finished as i awkwardly sat down.
,"you took garrett out just so we could hear that?*chuckle*"Jacob asked.,"would you like to go to rylies?"the teacher asked.
,"hey,ask him no more questions hell tell you no more lies."another one of Garrett's gang members said shrugging smiling showing his braces making his friend chuckle.
,"Tag,don't boost his ego.."the teacher said to tag.i let out a sigh and averted my gaze out the window for the rest of the class untill the bell rang. *do-doo..do-doo*
i quickly got up and meet up with my friend alex and headed to science.