
hours later of reading books for ideas for my own someone came into my room with a wooden bowl.i gasped smiling brightly untill i saw it wasn't what i thought it was and made a sad noise.
,"what?"dad said raising an eyebrow.,"i thought it was ramen.."he shook his head and went to brys room across from mine.eating a bite i muffled
,"ow!it hot!"dad came back to my room and said,"obviously."plainly before leaving.i shook my head and went to read my book 'if hes daring'.a few muinets later i hear,"KRIS!"i stiffed up'did i do something?'i shook my head.'probably not.'
heading downstairs there was a sandwhich.i sighed in relief but that soon faded when i looked inside the sandwich.
,"did you skin an animal or something?.."mom looked at me saying,"yup."obviously she was kidding judging by how she said it.i nodded slowly before saying,"then thats okay..not really..thats disgusting..i still love you though!"
i ran back upstares with the food on the glass plate.going back to doing what i was doing before loosing track of eating.since i never eat lunch anymore its becomming a habbit to not eat at all and even if a drink a bevridge from the fridge,it make me full.
its starting to worry me a bit because i know my parents will soon catch on,they almost caught me already but i manidged to convise them.
i have to force my self to eat dinner because everytime i dont its just waisting money and food and that makes me feel guilty.and i cant just say 'I'm not feeling hungry so don't give me anything' because that never works.i suspect it would get worse if i did that anyways.
as the clock turned ten i got ready for bed hearing mom call Bry down to get to sleep and brush his teeth.now i know why he doesn't have a girlfriend.he's more dependent on mom and dad too much and doesn't do anything for himself unless it includes something that would help him with video games.
he doesn't have a job or nothin!i fear for him..but hey,what can i do anyways..I'm only a 14 year old that knows nothing about the world but all the hate that it has..
as i plugged in my earphones as i play 'bring me back to life' as i clench onto my blankets tightly as i frown.i don't know..i just have this bad feeling..and I'm not sure if i want to know what it is..
shaking my head one last time i let the darkness ingulf me as everything around me was drowned out by the music humming in my ears.
'all i can do is wait for what tomorrow brings me'