
itachi came up to me putting her hands on her hips.i looked up immeaditly and hugged her saying in a wierd voice,"hug me women,im cold!"
she chuckled making me smile and forget about my reaction to the mob.,"how was social studies."i smirked a lazy smirk as vanity artist came walking up to our little group.
,"hell,and you?"i chuckled as i sarcastically replied with.,"wonderful."vanity laughed.
,"hey,i dont know what your complaining about,you didn't even pay attention in math where as she has to or orochimaru will bite her head off for not being social enough.yah,main reason why they call it socieal studies."alex said giving me a pathetic look making me laugh as i shrugged.
,"shes got a point you know."itachi said making me put the back of my hand on my four head dramatically as i said,"aliyah why?why have you betrayed me?"the only reason i call some people by anime names is if they are obsest with the show or if there evil.hints alex calling the social studies teacher orochimaru.now everyone in our group calls her that,except for david and artist,they just laugh when we call her that.
,"alright lets go get you guys to lunch."i said as i shooed aliyah and vanity to the lunch room.
,"it sucks we can't use the gym anymore.."i told alex as we sat down.,"Cant be helped."she relpied as she edited her drawing.
and yes if your wondering,me and her dont eat lunch,too much people will see us..aliyah sat down along with vanity with there luch trays.
,"your going to hate her."aliyah told me pointing to vanity.,"why?"i raised one eyebrow as i looked at vanity.then it settled in my mind.
,"is it about the book..."i asked vanity.she laughed and nodded saying,"yuP."i paused for a moment and said aloud ,"oh god i die dont i..."they burst out laughing at the face i made.
,"no,but toby ends up going crazy and killing hoodie."aliyah said making my eyes widen.,"WHAT?!NOT MY CHEESE CAKE BRO!"i said a little too loud as people started looking at me funny aspecially from the table across from us.
if i wasnt surprised i would have been blushing looking down from all the stares i was getting.,"problem?"i said irritated as a tall boy kept starring at me.