
as soon as i walked in the door i started complaning to my dad about what a terrable day i had.
after that i stormed upstairs before i could burst in tears.im so pathetic..i cant even handle a small thing as someone pushing me into the lockers..how weak am i?WHY CANT I DO ANYTHING RIGHT?!
i wanted to scream...i wanted to punch something till my fist bled..i wanted to split my skin apart...please do something before i flip...i shook my head as i started singing my favorite song at the top of my lungs angrily.
the voulume of the computer at 60.,"were going to the school tomorrow!"mom called out to me.
,"WHAT NO!"i didnt want them to go..i know who did it to me..he was just fooling around it still made me feel like a weakling as i did nothing while he continued to shove me into the lockers..im just realy sensitive..i take things serious..i wanted to go down stares and say
,"if you do that ill never forgive you..."
but i know that would hurt them and then we would get into a huge argument..i dont want them to do anything!i want to do and stick up for myself.dont they see?if they do this its going to make me feel like i cant do anything for myself and thats going to make me more depressed and worthless!i just UGH!I DONT KNOW!i shook my head...i cant-..no..more like dont want to control it..i want to see blood..i paused...once i looked at my hand i found a bunch of slivers..
,"probably from when i punched that wooden post.."i tryed to get it out with a stapler remover but that didnt work,"fine.."i said irritated.
,"ill just look for twizlers..twiz...i dont know what its called.."i said aloud.whatever it was called i didnt find it..i would have used the shower,but someones already in it!i walked in the bathroom and said casually.
,"hey dad?can you get these slivers out?","not right now,"he said.,"what happened?"he asked.,"i punched a wooden post.."i said as i made a face on the foggy bathroom mirror.
,"ether there slivers or dried blood..not really sure."i shrugged,"let me see."i walked over to him and he got a hold of my hand.
,"oh they might come out in the water right away since there small..i cant do it myself because you always freak out."i flinched when he said 'freak' but was glad he didn't notice.
,"because I'm weak..I'm a coward.."I'm glad he didn't hear that..i walked out of the bathroom waiting for him to get out.