
,"monster bash."dad said plainly making me give him an confused look."what?"
,"monster bash."he mummbled out again making me irritated.he knows i cant hear him when he mumbles.
,"what?!"mother and dad said at the same time,"MONSTER BASH"i shook my head in disbelief.they were both playing a pin ball game still,making me want to personally brake the damn xbox itself and say,"WHERES YOUR PRECIOUS PINBALL NOW?!"
they've been playing it for THREE DAYS NOW!THREE DAYS.IM LOOSING MY MIND JUST LISTENING AND WATCHING THEM.
i sighed as i walked in the kitchen to find out they made taco.as i grabbed a plait.i heard bryan come down stairs and inwardly groan.
i love him and all but sometimes he can be a little much.as i looked out the kitchen window i started thinking
'when i look in the mirror its like its not even me i see anymore.just some person wearing my skin.'
i shook the thought off and got the piece of bread and picked what i wanted on my taco ignoring Bry. as i walked back in the living room i turned to mom again then the video game
,"What's that called again?"i raised an eyebrow.she muffled something out and my noise twitched in irritation.,"What??"
,"MONSTER SOMETHING...i don't remember what it is."just then she missed the ball and it led her back to the title
,"monster bash."she said again.irritated i shook my head and headed up stairs with my plait. as i went to review my story i tried to scroll down using the bar but it kept staying in place. growing mad i mumbled'stupid picky ass computer..'as i scrolled down using the arrow key.
taking a brake i looked at my taco.even if there was no one in the room i was still subconscious about eating.i don't eat in school and thats affected my home life too unfortunately.i sighed as i picked up the plate and ate a bite of the taco.
don't get me wrong,tacos are good.they use to be my favorite thing to eat until i ended up starving myself.i shook my head getting the thought of me starving myself out of my head and forced myself to eat.
rolling up the roll it made a gushing sound as it always did.taking another bite from it some chopped up hamburg got caught on the corner of my lips making me not want to eat anymore.
that one little thing can make my whole body want to stop eating.you see..since i never really eat lunch anymore,really I've lost how to actually eat food the right way.the other day i found myself struggling how to eat a hot dog and my girlfriend told me to just eat it.
i didn't feel comfortable eating in front of others..it made me feel...fat.no matter who i was with or if they were special.i just...wanted no part in it..so there for i found it hard to chew or found it hard to even eat a whole meal without wanting to throw up.
i guess thats what i get for skipping on eating for two years.deciding to just suck it up i ate my taco so i could hurry up and do my homework-unfortunately with how much pain I'm in but..that isn't very new..now is it..
do i have to do my homework?...i mean..i don't think i have to since theres mcast..but of course there is a bunch of words i have to study with a fucking packet we have to hand in just so the stubborn ass teacher knows we actually studied..and then the other piece of my homework?thats math..
i suppose i should do that one since the mcast I'm taking is ABOUT math and the packet has all the stuff i need to know in it.I'm sure ill be fine without it right?oh..but wait..don't they shift the classes around if kids finish early?oh wait..even if they do,the teachers wont ask for the homework since the other kids would be missing the class if they were still working.
i could always go slow with math on purpose.oh..but wait..then i would miss seeing my girlfriend and would have to wait till the end of the day to see her..well I'm sure i wont get done early with the mcast this time..i suck at math and i don't need to be smart to figure that one out.
its clear as day that doing math makes me feel stupid since every one in my math class are all genius little fuckers and here i am at the bottom of the list branded as
'majorly slow and cant understand a thing i tell it'