
i head downstair-...SHUT UP OKAY?!..so i went to the kitchen and walked strait up to dad and put my hand on the controller but he wouldnt let go.
,"do your homework."he said as i tried grabbing the controller
,"i dont have to."i said back.i thought i already went over this.
,"Do your homework."i glared and said ONCE again
,"i dont have to."finally i took the controller,"okay."he said irritated and mad making me roll my eyes and think
'oh god,sommeone is depriving you of playing your precious game you guys played non stop for THREE DAYS STRAIT.'
,"what time is it?"mom asked.i hit the middle button on the controller and she gasped and looked at me with wide eyes.
,"what are you doing?"she asked in disbelief.i sighed inwardly as i thought
'don't lie to me woman and act like you didn't know.you had just called for me to do my homework not that long ago,and what was my answer?the same thing i said TOO MANY god DAMN TIMES...'
,"According to her she doesn't have to do it."dad said.'oh good you listened!good job -_- and don't say that like I'm lying jeez..'
,"yah."i snapped out irritated at the both of them.this wasn't how i wanted it to go.,"and what makes you think that you don't have to do it?Why."'what is she,one of those open response questions?..oh god..schools already starting to rot my brain..'
,"because theres mcast tomorrow."she gave me a 'really..' look.
,"and the teacher said they weren't going to collect it before mcast?did they say that?"i rolled my eyes.
'such trust in your daughter you have...'
,"its a packet.its not all due tomorrow!","alright."she said not believing me then went to the kitchen as i set up a movie for us to watch.
but it wasn't responding.'this world hates me...'
i thought angrily.rolling my eyes i sat the controller on the bed and headed up the stairs.
,"what are you doing?"mom asked.,"going upstairs."i replied.
,"What why?"she asked sad.,"so i can sleep.","what?"my eye twitched.
,"so.i.can.sleep.","oh."she said now a bit annoyed.'yah I'm sorry that I'm now in pain along with feeling gross while my head is pounding.'
i shook my head one last time before i closed the door and got in bed so i could get rest for tomorrow...i hope.