
Me and my friend cailee (my bestfriend) were walking on the beach and we got thirsty so we went to the bar my frI end got a strawberry banana smoothie and I got a pinnapple smoothie. We were walking away from the bar and I get hit by a volleyball. Cailee checks to see if im ok the starts yelling at the person responsible for hitting me. All the sudden I see this guy run up to me "I'm sorry baby girl let me help you."  He extends his arm and I take it. As I grab his hand I feel his strength. I get up and he apologies again. I say it's fine then start to walk away but I suddenly feel something tug on my wrist. It was him. I turn around and he introducespecially himself he says his name is Andrew. I say ok and start to walk away but I feel a pull at my wrist again. Except this time when he pulled mt he spun me around and he gave me his number."What am I suppose to do with this?""Call me baby girl" after that me and cailee walk away talking about it."When I get home I text him"Heyy" (only 2 y's I don't know him)"Hey baby girl whatcha doing." He somehow knows it's me but whatever."My names Angel and being bored""Damn hot name but imma call you baby girl and I can change that.""Ok whatever and How are you gonna change that I'm not easy?""Hey baby girl I'm a good boy and we can just watch movies.""Ok ill be over soon." Did I forget to say he also gave me his address at the beach.. so I get there                    *****knock knock******"Hey baby girl" he leans in for a hug but I dodge it. That made it awkward for the rest of the night. I let him pick the movie. He picks a scary movie. I didn't know what it was so I wasn't ready for the scary part and I jumped onto his chest and being Andrew he says"Hey baby girl imma good boy but if you insist.""Shut up Andrew" I say in a silly voice. I fell asleep during the second movie and on the outside of my dream I feel andrew cuddling me and I want to pull away but I don't.I end up waking up because of a bad dream and Andrew is comforting me. I fell asleep again but this time I feel him pick me up and put me in his bed. But after that I don't feel him in bed with me he just leaves the room.