
"Is there something I could help you with?" I question walking towards him slowly.
"I'm the new employee starting today I'm Ashton." He says extending his hand to me I shake it hesitantly then letting my hand drop back down to my side.
"I'm Nova, and Ian told me to put you in the music section." I watch his face brighten up at the word music. "So over here you'll be in charge of making sure the records and cd's are in their correct spots. And also the instruments are over here so you'll be in charge of that too. If you need anything I'll be over by the café and book section." I tell him turning on my heel walking away. When I return back over to the book shelves I turn my head and look over to Ashton. I watch as he carefully picks up two sticks to the drum set and taps on it smiling then setting the sticks back down. I started to question if he played any instruments.
There was two more hours until it was time to lock up shop. Ashton and I haven't talked since I showed him where he would be working in the store. A few people popped in throughout the day to buy something or to just look around. I was currently sitting on the black leather chair scrolling through my Instagram liking pictures as I scrolled. Multiple voices made me tear my eyes away from my screen to see three boys walking into the shop. I got up from my seat and approached them, I honestly hated doing that considering I got shy easily.
"Is there something I can help you guys with?" I ask just like Ian told me to.
"We were actually looking for Ashton" the one with dark fluffy hair speaks up
"He's in the music section." I tell them he thanks me as I watch them walk over to Ashton who was by the cd's. I watch a smile cover his face as he looks the three boys, I meant to look away but I just couldn't a moment later all the boys glance over at me. Shit. I quickly turn and start to walk away but run my thigh into the sharp corner of a table that I forgot was there. I suck in a sharp breath and walk behind the bookshelves, I'm so embarrassed. I sit down on the floor and take deep breaths trying to not think about my leg I just ran into a sharp corner and how I majorly embarrassed myself.
"Nova, are you okay?" I turn to see Ashton leaning against the shelf looking down at me.
"Uh, yeah, s-sorry. Ugh I'm so embarrassed right now." I stutter and shove my face into my hands knowing my cheeks were burning red.
"Don't be embarrassed, do you want to meet my friends?" He asks
"Well I definitely am." I laugh nervously "and I'm okay, I need to stock the rest of these books before we lock up." I saw standing up the pain in my leg now almost gone.
"Well too bad we're already here so your meeting us." The boy I spoke with when they first came in says with a grin. "I'm Calum."
"I'm Luke." The blonde says with a lip piercing introduces himself followed with a smile.
"I'm Michael." The boy with jet black hair chirps happily.
"I'm Nova." I awkwardly smile to them all then glance over to Ashton. "Well, um, I better get back to work." I say picking up books in my hand and place them on the shelves.
"Bye Nova. Ashton we'll see you tonight and it's your turn to make food." Luke tells Ashton
"Can I just order a pizza?" He questions but in a whiny voice.
"YES!" Michael practically shouts causing me to jump at his sudden loudness. Ashton chuckles then waves bye to his friends.
"So, yeah those are my friends." He says rubbing the back of his neck.