
[ N o v a ]
After lying in bed for hours staring outside my window by my bed watching the waves roll up on the sand dampening it then rolling back out to the ocean. This wasn't the first time it was difficult for me to fall asleep, night after night I stared at the waves in hope that they would put me to sleep. But they never did. Instead they fascinated me and made me want to look at them for hours on end, in my opinion the ocean looked more beautiful at nighttime in darkness but also holding some mystery to it. I throw my covers off my body standing up, goosebumps immediately cover my arms. I throw a sweatshirt over my head. I carefully pass by my moms room where she was sleeping soundly. I open the glass sliding door and slip through the little crack I opened just enough for me to fit through. The light wind was just strong enough to blow my hair back as I walked over the sand and sat down on it. The beach was completely empty which was nice, just being able to hear the sounds of the ocean waves it was calming. It was only 2:16am and I still didn't feel too tired, or I just grew used to the tiredness. I stood up and walked to the shoreline of the ocean and carefully walk into the water so it was just past my ankles. That's as far as I was willing to go, I loved the water I just didn't like going into oceans or lakes it made me paranoid not knowing what was around me exactly. I cross my arms over my chest in a attempt to keep me warm.
"Are you okay?" A voice breaks the comfortable silence making me jump slightly. "Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you." He says as I turn around the moonlight reflecting off the water showing what he looked like. He had curly dirty blonde hair and was wearing a long sleeved black pullover with black sweatpants.
"Um, yeah I'm fine. I should go." I say stepping out of the water and walking across the sand my wet feet causing the dry sand to stick to my feet.
"Why?" He asks I stop and turn to face him
"Just taking precautions." I answer pushing my hair out of my face that was getting in my eyesight from the wind. "I don't know you, I don't know what your going out here it's just more safe if I got going." I say to him turning around to walk back up to my house.
"I could be asking you the same thing, why your out here so early in the morning. But, I understand you should get home it's not safe for you out here all alone." He says with a small smile showing no teeth. I smile back lightly to him and walking up the steps of my back-porch getting inside quietly. I lock the door behind me and look back to the boy who's name I never got. He was looking out to the ocean as I was minutes ago, he then turns and cuts through a yard next to my house then he disappears out of my eyesight. I sigh walking into the bathroom getting the sand off of my feet and returning to my bedroom. I cover myself with my comforter and fall asleep slowly.
❂
"Nova, we have a new employee starting here today." My boss Mr.Somerhalder-or as he insists I call him Ian says.
"Okay, do you want me to put him in the music section?" I question setting down the books I was stocking. I turn to face Ian as he slings his bag over his shoulder filled with paperwork. It was usual for him to gone for the weekdays and for him to work the weekend when I wasn't working.
"Yes, that would be great he mentioned that he really enjoys music and instruments so he'll be good over there." He says quickly "okay I'll see you tomorrow and show him how to lock up the shop also." I nod my head and wave to him as he exits Greenlight ( btw that's the name of the shop ) and walks towards his black shiny expensive car. Ian honestly didn't look like the type to own a shop like this. I pick back up the books and put them in their correct spots on the shelf that towers over me. I hear the door shut at the front of the shop I stop what I'm doing and peer around the shelf to see the guy I had saw last night at the shoreline of the ocean. I walk out behind the shelves as his eyes land on me.