
Dipper🌲"DIPPER!!! Come ON!! We got to GO!!" Yelled my sister mabel from down stairs. I rolled my eyes. I stopped reading journal 3 and yelled down stairs "Coming Mabel!" I put on my hat and jumped off my bed. I opened the door and ran downstairs, greeting Mabel in the living room "geez, why are so exited? Were going to find the gnomes, remember?" She rolled her eyes "i dunno! Im just happy to go on an adventure! One that i get to use my grappling hook on!" I shook my head, picking up my backpack. "I said, maybe you can use your grappling hook!" She put her hands on her hips "I'm using my grappling hook no matter what!" And with that she ran out the door, backpack in one hand, grappling hook in the in the other. "COME ON DIPPER!!" I rolled my eyes, but ran after her. "COMING!" We ran through the forest, side by side. I looked up at the sky. "We've got at least an hour or 2 before we have to go back" i said to mabel, slowing down. She slowed beside me. "So? Were are we going now?" She asked as a opened my journal. I chewed on my pen, flipping through pages, stopping on the gnome page. "It says here they live in caves and crave pie." I pulled off my backpack and opened it. "Luckily i knew this already." I said, pulling and slice of pie wrapped in foil out of the backpack. "What are we gonna do with a pie slice?" She asked. I set the pie down and dragged her into a bush. "And now we wait". It didn't take long before a gnome appeared and started nibbling on the pie. I jumped out of the bush and the gnome ran away. I grabbed Mabel's hand, dragging her along. "After that gnome!" We ran after the gnome, keeping it in sight. Geez! How fast can those little things run? We followed it down into a large tunnel which opened into a cave filled with gnomes and crystals. I began to pry one of the smaller crystals from the wall. I had almost got it when Mabel spoke. "Uh, dipper? Can you hurry up please?" Her voice was a little squeaky, but i continued to try and pry out the crystal. "I almost got it..." I told her. She grabbed my arm. "No, we need to go NOW." I pulled out the crystal. "Mabel, what are you-" i broke off as a huge monster came at us. It looked like a huge black wolf, With a few smaller wolves around it "What do we do!!" Mabel yelled at me. "How about RUN!!!!!" I screamed, grabbing her hand and pulling her out of the cave and up the slope into the forest. We ran through the woods, branches tearing at or clothes and faces, roots tripping us up. Mabel kept slowing down, but i sped up and pulled her along. Then some of the smaller wolves jumped at us. One knocked me on my back and snapped at my face, barley missing my eye. I punched it in the nose, but that had little to no affect. But i kept punching it anyways. By Mabel's screams and shouts, she was having just as hard, maybe harder, time then i was keeping them from tearing our faces off. I punched it in the eye and it backed off slightly, blinking its blood-red eye. It looked at me with its other eye as if i had just made things personal. In that split second of hesitation, i sprang to my feet and punched, aiming for its other eye, and the battle continued. It bit my hand and threw me backwards, hitting my head on a tree. I screamed in pain. It felt as if someone was stomping on the back of my head. I heard growling and everything began to fade to black... In my last few seconds of conscienceness, i heard a loud scream, then silence. Mabel... Everything went black.