
"Are you going to Rob's party on Saturday?" My close friend, Toby asked.
"More like trying to go," I huffed as I kicked a pebble on the dirt. Toby chuckled and shook his ashburn hair from his brown eyes.
"Why? You're parents don't let you?" His hands were buried deep in his pockets.
I shook my head,"Both my parents and Ashton. It's like I have two sets of parents breathing down my neck all the time- oh and not to forget Aiden who also joins them whenever they come over. Which is, in fact, almost everyday. Sometimes I feel like it's Aiden and Ashton who came from the same womb," I complained. His laughter filled my ears.
"Aren't you a lucky one," he teased. "But, seriously, how could they not trust you, blondie?" He bit his lip with a mischievous glint in his eye.
"Okay, first of all, I asked if I could dye my hair. After they said no, I dyed it because I thought they would change their minds when they saw how good it looked," I smiled as I picked at a strand of my hair.
"You're really something, Juliette," he shook his head."I  have to go. It's almost time for training and the dinner is right after," he said as he looked at his black watch.
"What dinner?" I frowned.
"You seriously forgot that today Alphas and their families, from all over, are joining together in hopes of finding their mates. At your house. Where yo-"
"I get it," I interrupted him with a smack to his chest. His hard chest.
He grinned before running the opposite way,"See you later, Juliette!"
"Bye, Toby!" I waved.
No, I did not have a crush on Toby. He was a childhood friend and we were going to have mates that would soon be the ones we drooled for- okay it was like a tiny crush. It didn't hurt anybody to crush on someone on the inside. No one knew, so everything was alright.
"Juliette!" I heard Ashton call from inside.
"What?" I yelled back as I turned in the direction of his voice.
"Mom and Dad are looking for you to help set up for tonight!" Was all he yelled before stepping back inside.
I groaned in annoyance before running up to the house. My mom and dad were making calls to different guests that were confirming their presence while Ashton carried tables and chairs to the ballroom. The rest of the people were either cooking or helping with the set up. I walked up to Ashton.
"What do you want me to do?" I clasped my hands.
"You can start by putting the table cloths and the trays with food on the tables. Then you can go upstairs and change into something nice because knowing you, it takes hours for you to find a dress, let alone change into it.
"Oh haha, very funny," I rolled my eyes.
"Did you just roll your eyes a me?" He narrowed his eyes as and put the table down.
"So what if I did, Mr. Future Alpha?" I mocked. I saw a ghost of a smile playing at his lips and I smiled.
I ran, avoiding everyone who was rushing to have everything ready with  Ashton's footsteps close behind. I looked over my shoulder, he was closer than I thought. Smacking into something hard, I looked up to see a disapproving look on my dad's face.
"Juliette. Ashton. We need to get everything ready and you running around like children isn't helping. Get back to helping or-"
"Or what, Daniel?" My mom wrapped her arms around my father's waist from behind. "They're teens. Heck, at this age, I was doing the exact same thing," she grinned with a knowingly look. My mother was breath taking. A smile from her could melt the coldest heart. No wonder how she manages to wrap my father around her finger. She would be the one to get my father to soften up whenever Ashton or I got into trouble.