
Dipper🌲Its light when i open my eyes, morning at least. "D-dipper?" I hear someone ask. I lift my head to see mabel laying down, her back against a large tree. I try to sit up. "Owowow!" I say. Im covered in scratches. "Mabel? Are you okay?" She nods her head. I shakily get to my feet, then help her up. "What time is it?" She asks, yawning. I check my watch. "9:30, am" i say, looking up from the watch. "Oh man, Grunkle Stan's gonna kill us!" We walk back to the shack as fast as we can, which, as you can imagine, isn't that fast. It takes about 20 minutes to get back. And, as we predicted, Grunkle Stan was Furious. He yelled at us for  like, an hour then grounded us for a while in our room. I took the time to write about the strange creatures that attacked us. "What name do you like better, Mabel? The shadow creatures or the night wolves?" I asked mabel, who was looking at hot guys in a magazine. "What about the Shadow Wolves?" She said, not looking up. "Okay, Shadow Wolves it is!" I say, writing in my journal. I say the words as i write them. "Shadow Wolves: these creatures attack anything big or small enough for them to eat. They can be found in dark places in the woods. Weakness- hay Mabel, what do you think there weakness is?" I ask my sister. "I dunno." She replies. I roll my eyes. "Weakness, unknown." I put down my pen. "Thats about right, now i need to finish the gnome page..." Out of the corner of my eye, i see mabel close her magazine. "Dipper, you REALLY need a break from that journal!" She says from her bed. "Your obsessed!" I close it "am not! Im researching. Finishing what the author started! I still cant believe i didn't think of this during the summer i found it!" She rolls her eyes. "Dipper that was a whole year ago! Lighten up!" I frown. She gets up and grabs my arm. "Lets go and see what Wendy and Soos are up to" i smile. "Okay mabel. Just, give me a second, okay? I need to finish this..." "Fine" she says, walking over to the door. "See you in a sec bro bro!" She says, then goes downstairs.
Bill🎩My plan is coming along perfectly! Now its shooting stars time to shine!A/N darn! The pictures aren't working! 😣😣