
I sat in the doctors office on my sixteenth birthday. I had my monthly check up on my lungs and heart. my lungs never fully developed. my heart has a hole in it. i know you might be thinking well why don't you just sew it up? we tried and that only made the hole bigger. right now there is a little patch coving the hole so i can still get blood. I am not the list for a lung and heart transplant. "Well everything looks good, Karma. but we want you to make friends. so your parents are going to enroll you into a local school." I groaned. "But I'll ahead everyone. I am learning things a senior is learning." "Then we will put you in your senior year." dr. bumpfree said. "Fine." I rolled my eyes. "You'll be starting tomorrow. And happy birthday"So if I get an STD I am blaming you. Matt." I knew he hated when I called him that so I did it anyways. my doctor was pretty young 26, I think was his age. he was good looking but to old for me. "Just please don't get into any trouble. I am having your school nurses check your heart rate at the beginning of day and the end of the day. don't give them attitude like you do to me." I got up and so did my parents. usually by now they would be scolding me for me talking to Matt like how I just did, but I guess they finally understand me. I grabbed my oxygen tank and my heart monitor. "No promises." I said and walked out.
I woke up and put my day breathing tube in and went to my bathroom. I brushed my hair and curled it loosely, but on mascara, cat eyeliner, and a nude pink lipstick. I put on a black lace crop top, high waisted shorts, a gray over sized cardigan, and a gold necklace. I walked down stairs and grabbed my fruit salad my mom made before she went to work. my dad works from home so he will be taking me to school. I went back upstairs to brush my teeth and to get my phone. I hate having stairs because I have to lug my oxygen bag up and down the stairs. "Dad I am ready to go to hell! oops I meant school!" I yelled he came out from his office. "Ha ha very funny." he said and grabbed his car keys and we walked out to his car.
"Your mom will pick you up after school. please try your best not to get in trouble." he begged. I just nodded and kissed him on the cheek. I got out and went to get my schedule. I walked in through the main doors. everyone giving me looks. I am used to them by now so it doesn't bother me, anymore at least. at the front desk was an over weight Middle Aged women with blond hair that had peaks of gray sticking out. her blond wasn't real like mine was. "Hi I am here to get my schedule." I said as I stopped rolling my oxygen bag. "Oh yes karma. I was told to send you to the nurses office after you got your schedule. So here is your schedule. mrs. young is straight across just ring the bell." I grabbed my schedule and walked over to the nurses office. I rang the bell. she walked out. she wasn't old but she wasn't young. "I was expecting you come sit." she said motioning to the chairs. I sat down. she checks my pulse, wrote down the number, checked my oxygen levels, and checked my heart monitor."Okay your free to go. i'll see you when school is over." I got up an looked at my schedule."Bye. knowing me i'll probably see you before so I can get out of class. just do you know." "Only if you aren't taking a test then you can come." I laughed "Bye!" I said and walked out. "Room 264 which meant the class the was upstairs. wow really okay. stairs and me don't really mix well. I winded pretty easily. I took every step slowly. "Do you need some help?" a guy asked me. he was really tall, had dark hair that was in a cwiff, a sharp jawline, and nice eye brows. "No I got it." I said going up another step. he grabbed my oxygen bag anyway. "Yeah. but I am going to help you anyway. So where are you going?" he asked me. "Room 264, photography I think." I said in between breaths."Oh well ms. Anderson is very nice so you'll be fine. isn't it hard carrying all of this around?" he asked me. "oh by the way I am jack." "Yeah but you get used to it after a while. I am Karma." I said as we reached the top of the stairs. "Well the class your looking for is the last one on the right." "Thank you." I said as my hand lightly brushed his as I reached for my bag. his hands were so warm compared to mine. I walked off in the direction jack told me to go in. I walked in and everyone looked at me. "Oh you must be karma. how were the stairs?" she said looking at at my bag. I hate people like this. they only see what's on the outside and not on the inside. "I had some help." "Well go sit down at the end table." she said and I nodded. I sat at the very end. they were going through stuff I already knew so I didn't pay attention. "So karma are you a bitch?" a guy asked me. I looked at him and gave him the 'are you serious' look. "I don't know who you are but if you think you are very clever, you aren't. tell me a joke I haven't heard before and then maybe you will get a reaction out of me." I said with a lot of sass. he raised his hands up in defense. "I mean you also what sixteen? so I would except you to act like this." "I am sixteen. is there a way I am suppose to act as a sixteen year old girl? I am suppose to not talk at? because I am not like everyone else am I?" he didn't answer he just looked at me. "that's what I thought."