
I made a new friend. her name was cami. she had lavender hair and was really nice. she is letting me sit with her at lunch. "So your only sixteen and you are ahead of everyone. even molly?" cami asked "Yeah. I had nothing to do while I was at home so I would study." "Wow" she said as she ate her pizza. I can't eat pizza it has to many carbs in it. I have to eat only organic foods. "Who might you be?" a girl who was wearing a lot of makeup and wearing really expensive looking clothes. "I am Madison." "I am karma." I smiled at her. "Well why don't you come sit with us." "I am sitting with cami. but thanks for the offer." I said trying to be as polite as possible. "Madison leave her alone." jack said as he came and sat down next me. "Oh dies jack have his new toy?" "No. she just doesn't need to deal with people like you." "And what are people like me?" "Stuck, snotty, fake, bitchy, where do I stop." I said "Umm excuse me?" she said as she cocked her hip. "You heard me. I listed all the things everyone was thinking and what he was about to say. I am not scared of you or your little minions. I have dealt with things much worse then you." she glared at me and walked away. Cami's mouth was wide open. "what?" "No one has ever stood up to her before." she said as I took out my salad. "Thanks for trying to help me, but I can take care of myself." He didn't even say anything. not even a 'your welcome' wow that's rude. "So I am going to ask you questions and your going to answer them." jack said as two guys sat next to him. one was blond and had blue eyes like me and the other was the one from my photography class. I nodded. "What is your full name?" "Karma rose Jules." "How old are you?""She is sixteen and is very feisty." that guy from my other class said. "How do you know?""Because we have photography together and-" "He tried make a basic joke but I told him that he wasn't clever and to shut up, but I guess he doesn't listen either does he?" "Anyway. how come you dress so, umm." he tried looking for the words to say. "So hot." the same guy said. This guy goes from calling me a bitch to saying I am hot. what is up with him. The bell rang and I got up.    "We are not done with this." jack said. "Yes we are." and said and walked off with cami.