
(Jacob)
"Mom. I can't do it. I just can't."
"Nonsense." Julia, a no-nonsense woman, tsked. "You've worked hard your whole life to get to this point. What's not to want about it?"
Jacob banged his head against the dash. "Everything. From me probably tripping on the way up to the stage to my future. Impending doom."
His sister, who was only younger then him by a year and unfortunately dating his best friend, smacked her gum. "God Jacob. You're so dramatic. You're like a girl. Think of it this way. Today you're finally going to be freed from the shackles that are school and Mom."
"Hey!" Julia frowned. "I'm not that bad."
It was then that he just decided to tune them both out. He understood what his sister meant. The excitement of freedom. Of independence. But his dilemma was something that these two perfect girls he had to live with, would never understand. The terror of being lost in this world with it's staggering population of seven billion people. He couldn't even decide between strawberry jam and blueberry jam at the supermarket; how was he supposed to decide his entire future in a day?
"Jacob." Casey leaned out of her seat and snapped her fingers in his face. "Jacob. Wake up. Dad's here."
He blinked, and the nowness of the situation came flooding back to him. He was about to graduate. He was about to become an adult, free to make his own decisions. He could stay out till two in the morning without asking for his mothers permission. He could blow all the money he'd saved up for university on a car. He could choose not to go to university! The idea terrified him.
"Breathe Jake." Casey commanded. "Here let me give you a hand with that." then she smacked his back so hard he thought he might throw up.
"Thanks." he said dryly. "I feel so much better."
"Well duh. Now come on and go graduate, you big wimp."
He sighed and stepped out of the car.
&&&
(Marley)
She stepped up to the coffin in a bliss-like state. The kind that was usually achieved through drugs. Marley wasn't actually on drugs though. Peaceful ignorance had just been her preferred state of being for the last week. The kind that removed a person's sense of reality.
Then she threw a yellow daffodil into the grave, because they had been her mother's favourite. Other people came up and threw in flowers of their choice. Marley saw lots of roses and carnations. Tips of her yellow daffodil, the only yellow flower that had been thrown in, peeked through the masses of white and pink.
Once all the flowers were in, everyone stepped back to allow the grave to be filled with dirt. A random mishmash of people had shown up. Her grade school teacher, their gardener, a banker Marley knew had fancied her mom, a handful of her mother's friends, her mother's secretary, and her aunt. They were using up so many tissues that her pro-environment nuthead of a mom would've had a heart attack.
Marley watched as the grass was lain overtop of the dirt. Seeing the harsh and obvious lines of the newly set grass, something inside her shattered. This was the mother. The woman who had raised and cared for her for eighteen years, Marley's entire life. And she was gone. Unreachable. Marley would have to dig through five feet of hard packed dirt just to get to her lifeless, decaying body. No tears came, although she did feel an overwhelmingly crushing sensation in her chest suffocating her.
She was the only one there not dressed in black. Instead, she was wearing the baby blue cocktail dress her mother had gotten her to wear underneath her graduation gown. They had both loved it so much they took turns wearing it on alternate days, which kind of ruined the "specialness" of the dress, but Marley hadn't minded. It was fun. She did however think that wearing her graduation gown over it would be a little too much.
"Marley honey," Aunt Gilda came up to her, a sorry look in her eyes. "Sweetie I don't want to rush or pressure you but... do you know what you're going to do now?"
For a minute, Marley was lost. She hadn't even thought of after, she was so preoccupied with now. And then it hit her.
"Yes. I'm going to find my dad."