
Rich,poor,bragging or crying.  Who cares anymore about this today. I am kalley Theo and I live in Manhattan the most densely populated of the five boroughs of New York City. However in the (87 km2) of area land I live in the valley. Yes how ridiculous could it get. My life is not that of a mystery. Its merely boring. I am 16 years old. I have a bed room mostly shaped like a locked down castle far away from the world even far away from the nearest shopping centre in whole Manhattan. However this so not the worst part yet, my mother is psycologyist you probably got it by now. Its the end of summer break and I realized that school was probably more near to me than next morning. I had to get up wash my clothes and get to the part where my mother has to give me the usually, a mandatory self destructive morning speech of how to behave with a grown up teacher. Not cuz I don't do respect them... it's just cuz I am not that much into people these days.. and I bet it's gonna be worse if it was a teacher. I ran across the lobby down into the basement and fetched for my history book, that I once remembered placing... somewhere next to the dish washer but to my luck it was in not out. However not to destroy the run I waited for estimated time of 15 mins for it to dry up and you wonder? yup I took it school. Kids and family where excited for the new academic year, but not me I was fairly quit ordinary more up to myself this day. It was September 19 of that year. School boys didn't change up to my expectations, few girls came from royal pring high school some of I knew and some who didn't even care to know. However there was a new guy. They said his name was Bryton cullen. His head was big as if he had a wig nicely firm with a gangster ribbon all top of the running sticky old blue jeans, covered by a light black T-shirt having the name- Daniel Deronda- which made the whole class laugh out into tears... "Welcome Bryton" " I am Mrs.Racheal" "I am gonna be your assistance for this year and if you need any help...don't be shy" said Mrs Racheal with all due kindness. "Why don't you introduce your self to the class" "I am not really...into...imm..." "Don't be shy, dodo..." one of the boys commented.
His face was familiar. He had some of the awkward features like a tatoo having the name human on it. How desperate could he be?...They teacher pulled down a chair next to me and told him to sit. I rapidly approached him and I clutched his hair. "I knew it" "Knew what" he replied with a face more pale than cream butter. "You look pathetic... try hiding in a more suitable way, I can smell the heavy plastic wig of yours" "Your not gonna...tell any body aren't you?"