
I woke up in a room. Doc was asleep in a chair next to where I was laying. I couldn't move and I panicked a little, thinking we were captured, and that I was bound to something. I was quick to realize that I wasn't in Blakk's citadel anymore, but in a house. I read the clock that was beside me. 8:00 am. I heard people moving downstairs. Five sets of footsteps, all coming up stairs, closer to where I was. Doc was asleep, so there must not be any kind of danger here. Where ever "here" is. It was dark in the room, so the sudden light from the doorway blinded me for a moment. I closed my eyes so that whoever was here, wouldn't know I'm awake. Familiar voices were talking, I was still a bit groggy so I didn't catch most of it. I was focused on planning my escape, when one of the boys said "She's awake". I froze. I began to panic as someone poked me. I grabbed their arm and squeezed their wrist tightly. The Molenoid. It yelped, both because it was startled and in pain. It struggled, but I didn't let go.
"Where am I?" I asked angrily. My grip tightened around the Molenoid's wrist. It yelped louder, and Doc forcefully removed my hand from it. I didn't notice he woke up.
"Now, now, no foul play." He warned me. I didn't care, he new he couldn't control what I did, but I could barely move. I sighed. "The Shane Gang brought us back to their hideout after we escaped." He explained. I didn't care, I wanted to leave. I'm stubborn, and I absolutely did not want the Shane's help. However, there's one problem: I can't move. The injury to my stomach opened more injuries that I had gotten previously. Which, ended up tearing a ton of muscle tissue, rendering me useless until the tissue heals a bit. Well shit. I had two things I didn't want. A: The Shane's help and B: Bed rest. Oh, I hated that. Luckily, the Shane had a Boon Doc slug, which healed me enough to allow me to move.  The Molenoid looked at me angrily after I sat up.
"How dare you! You harmed the Magnificent Pronto!" The Molenoid was getting on my nerves now, if he didn't shut up I was gonna rip his arms off.
"Hey, Shut up will ya? I don't care how fricking famous you think you are!" I snapped. It was going to retaliate. "Not a word outta you or I swear I will-" Doc cut me off.
"Now, now, play nice" He said tauntingly. I smacked his arm and he yelped. At this point the Molenoid was hiding behind the Cavetroll. Who's blaster was at the ready. I stood up.
"Thanks for the help and all, but I have things to do." I said, turning around to leave. Doc put his hand on my shoulder.
"Michelle, we can't go back home. Dr. Blakk found our hideout. I was able to save some equipment, but...we've been invited to join up with The Shane Gang...and until you're better you have to stay here. Your wounds are fatal." He said in a very concerned tone. "Lay back down" He ordered. I didn't budge. There was no way I would accept help from the idiots who got me here. I made my way to the door.
"I'm going outside for a while." I said sternly. Trixie tried to stop me, but I waved her away. I began walking towards the stairs and Junjie tried to help me. I pushed him away and told him I was perfectly able to walk. I went to the front door and went outside. The garage door was open, and I saw my mecha, Loki, cleaned, and fixed. So much for refusing help. Cavetrolls have amazing engineering skills, so...Kord was it? Probably did it. Junjie walked outside soon after me. He seemed worried.
"Why are you following me?" I asked, obviously aggravated. Although, he didn't seem to care. I sighed.
"You're injured...it wouldn't be good if you got hurt further." he told me. As if he actually cared. I glared at him. He was...kinda cute....he had an Infurnus slug, it was staring at me questionably, like he was trying to figure something out about me. I stared back at it. "You...seem to be interested in Joo-Joo." He gestured to his Infurnus.
"Joo-Joo the Infurnus....isn't there only one Infurnus in Slugterra? The Shane's Infurnus?" I asked. He seemed too happy to know that I could see that it was strange. Weird.