
"Do I look interested?" I replied with a heavy voice. He continued staring at me and it felt weird that I rubbed roughly my cheeks making sure mum didn't leave a bit of her pro-expert lipglose over my face. Professor Mathew entered the class. Everyone had a usually expression on their face but not him. I turned to him: professor Matherw is for history. That orange book take it out. "Thank y--" No need I didn't do it for you I just don't want to waste more time on him explaining-- "Oh Oh new childdddd!! " said Mr.Mathew. "Here we go again""You must be Bryton....."" This is a history class...this orange book over there yeah...that's your history book and it should be here with you every class...now sit let me give you a brief explanation about me!" "Sir! You don't have to I already did!" I muttered. "Well then- let's open page 124...but first let me recall something" The class was quite and the curtains were blowing hardly over my face. Bryton stretched aside and lifted his chair shifting himself on my right. He jumped slightly over blue-red lines drawn around each desk and came closer to me. "Archduke Franz Ferdinand 1863-1914 lie lightly upon him earth, tho'he/ laid many a heavy burden upon thee" said Mr.Mathew while he reached down my face and grabbed my attention with a silver- platinum pen. "I'll give you this... but you don't tell anyone about-- "You being disguised...hmmm not my intention""I'm--" he said before the class was over and the echoe of the broken bell rang. I lifted my bag and breached down the hall to book for a new locker as mine was in one of the building construction plans."Could you not Stock me for a moment" "Not if you told or promised me that no one will know about this!" He added presumably. Listen I am not one of those girls who you can track wordless...I am good at ass-kicking and I bet you don't want to try mines they really hurt I bragged before feeling a slight burning ache just beneath my rib cage."Oh boy " he said, exhaling slowly following me path by path until I reached home, trying to talk to me but I ignored "Oh you have visitors kelly" Mum! This is the most awkward situation and for once don't try to be nice cuz he .... he is not welcomed. "Hey dear... mmmm would'cha like to come in?" "I was wondering if I could... I mean if it's not of any disturbance?" "Yes it will-" I muttered before being interrupted briefly by mom"Don't listen to her come in!!!'He came in with his black sleeveless shirt and quietly placed his expensive Boston hand made pair of sport shoes. His attitude portrayed him as possessing some potential.Initially He entered the kitchen holding down to the stove. Again I glared at his tatoo that looked ridiculously pined. He jumped on the seat, pulled down a cloth and waited for the food looking curious for what she made and funny I was too...Baked mushrooms, stake and mash potatoes with bean salad. He devoured the food like he had never eaten heavy cooked mummy food before. "So bryton tell me about your self" I rose up and yelled ENOUGH!! I angrily smashed the plate into the sink and locked the door of my room when I heard a knock on the door.Mum I don't think it's time for you to come talk you usually wait much longer I yelled furiously. "Kelly! I heard a voice call. Its me bryton I won't take long I just have a few words." I t took me I while, but I kneeled down the bed next to the door and closed the lamp light opened the door and sat next to the window. He came closer I could smell the rich perfume run down to his chest, as his face went dull and it was self explanatory. He moved his fingers pointing at the door."your Mum told me... I can come..." he added distantly. Its fine! He reached down the chair and removed some of the band posters I had around and cleaned a spot to sit on. His eyes were weak and colorless. He seemed to be more up to him self too but really made an effort to show admiration. His fingers were clumsy and the redress filled his eyes. His lips moved at last as he added " listen I want to tell you a secret! Not that I know you don't really have friends around or because this is the most undeveloped area of the whole city or whatever. I'm...