
"Actually, I'm from the far eastern caverns. Beyond the 99 Caverns that you know. There was a ghouled Boon Doc who took over my mind. It used me to take over my home caverns. Then, It used me to cross over to these caverns. It tried to take over Eli's mind, but thankfully failed. I've been helping them ever since" He told me everything. I was...surprised...I'm not the type a person would open up to, especially after the way I've been acting. He was nice. "I've been training here. Learning more about Slug-fu" He said. He looked me right in the eyes.
"Slug-fu? Sounds...weird...like a Jackie Chan cliche..." For a second I forgot that Junjie wasn't from the surface. Too late now. Oops.
"Forgive me but...what is 'Jackie Chan'?" He asked. The whole "Forgive me" thing was a little formal but, whatever. My ears turned red. He had a look of...complete and utter concern. I laughed a little.
"You look like you've seen a ghost." I joked. He was a little surprised. God knows why.
"Your ears...they're red...are you sick now?" He was genuinely concerned about my blushing...I laughed again, this time a little more.
"They do that...for your sake I'll admit it...I felt...a little embarrassed that I mentioned Jackie Chan...I completely forgot that you weren't from the surface." I said it...I hate myself for it. He laughed at me a little. I smiled nervously.
"So...what is 'Jackie Chan'?" He asked. Curiosity in his voice. I couldn't help but smile.
"Jackie Chan is a character in a movie series. He is a martial-arts master." I said. My ears a deep shade of crimson. He looked concerned again. I guess when people blush it's usually in their face, but no, my ears had to turn read. Shit. That makes this even worse for me.
There was a loud crash from the garage. We rushed in as fast as we could. The Cavetroll, Kord, as lying on the ground face first. He sat up.
"Kord are you okay" Eli asked. He went to go help him up.
"Yeah...just tripped over my toolbo-" He stopped talking. He stared at me. I realized that the patch that I wear was gone, and my hair wasn't in my face. I quickly covered my eye with my hands and ran out of there. I felt my ears burning. I rushed up to the room I woke up in and quickly found the patch in my bag. I put it on, thankful that only the Cavetroll saw it. Hopefully he'll brush it off as his imagination. He did just hit his head. I sighed. my ears were still burning, I thought they were going to scorch my hair. I hear footsteps behind me. I turn around to see Eli.
"You okay? You just ran..." He sounded concerned. My ears burned worse now. I could feel the rest of my face turning red.
"I...uh....w-well...uh...." I stammered. Unsure of what to say. It's been a long time since I had to explain it. Everyone else came in too, just as confused as Eli. "W-well uh....uhm...." I didn't want to talk about it. Doc came rushing in.
"She simply has an issue with her eye that forces her to cover it. If she doesn't it could hurt her permanently." He seemed to convince everyone except Eli and Junjie. Did Junjie see my eye while we were talking?