
"Em, is this ...a date kind of thing?" she hesitantly asks.
I blush..bad. "I didn't intend on it being like a date but it feels like it. So, Alison DiLaurentis, would you please go on a date with me?" I say confidently but I don't feel very confident inside.
She smiles and I honestly expected her to laugh in my face, but her words shocked me . "Yes, I will go on a movie date with you"
I smiled so much my cheeks hurt. I lead her inside and bought drinks and popcorn and even some candy because I know Ali has a sweet tooth. We settled into our seats and watched  20minutes worth of previews. The popcorn was basically gone by the time the movie came on.
We pulled the armrest up and I put my arm around Ali while she rested her head on my shoulder. This is the best moment ever, I've waited most of my adolescent life for me and Ali to be on a date. a scary part came on and she jumped, wrapped her arms around my stomach and buried her face in my neck. I tightened my arm round her and she physically relaxed.
We stayed in that position for the rest of the movie. Her jumping every so often. I felt a little sad by the end, knowing we will have to get out of our comfy position. We stretched out and walked outside to my car.
"Thanks for the movie Em, even though I was scared the whole damn time." She ended with a giggle.
"No problem, I personally, enjoyed the movie." I said with a smile.
We drove the rest of the way in a comfortable silence. We pulled up to her house and I walked her to the doorstep. I wrapped my arms around her waist, giving her a hug. She reciprocated by wrapping her arms around my neck. I pulled away slightly, resting my hands on her hips while her arms settled on my shoulders. I just stared into her eyes that I could drown in.
She smiled up at me and said, "Em, are you gonna kiss me or stare at me forever?"
I leaned own and captured her lips with my own. It was one of the best kisses I've ever had. It was the best because she returned the gesture and she is the best kisser. Before I could stop smyself,my tongue swept across her bottom lip asking for entrance , which she gave way to. My tongue battled hers for dominance,  of course I won. After that my tongue explored every inch of her mouth, I pulled away when air became a need.
"That was..." Alison started.
"Amazing." I finished and smiled at her.
"Goodnight Em." She says while removing her hands from my shoulders.
"Goodnight Ali, I'll text you tomorrow." I said and she nodded then headed inside.
I had a goofy smile on my face the whole way home and into the night. --------------------------------------------------Hey guys! This is my first fanfic ever so sorry for mistakes or if it suck haha. Please leave comments and review. I try to update a few times a week.Note: I do NOT own ANY characters through this whole story