
"One more year and I'll be home free." I whispered. I can't get caught, not now. One more year of recon and I'll be able to face Dr. Blakk. I had my Arachnet for a quick escape. I felt a hand on my shoulder. Shit I thought. I turned hoping it was Doc. I was wrong. So very wrong. A blaster, Blakk's blaster to be exact, was pointed directly at my face. Shit shit shit SHIT! I thought. I was done for. There was no way I'd be getting outta this alive. I stared, frozen in place. In the blaster was a ghouled Freightgeist, not as bad as I thought. However, that changed nothing.
"Who are you?" He sneered at me. He looked very, very angry. Shit.
"I...uhm....." I stammered. I was scared, and I hated it. Shit shit shit fricking shit.
"Disappear...." He laughed. The slug was shot. I felt so much fear. I ran, I ran as far as I could. Holding as tightly as I could to my Thugglet, I ran as fast as I could. Within a few minutes, the effects wore off. I wasn't being chased, Thank God, but I had no idea where I was. Doc's gonna be angry if I come home late. My right eye hurt like hell. I put my hand over it. To my surprise, it was throbbing...or rather...pulsating. I had to get home fast. I needed major help. A mecha-beast was approaching. I grabbed my blaster, loaded in Aisling, and aimed in the direction of the sound. A mecha-beast came into sight. It wasn't one of Blakk's, though. It...had the Shane symbol! Will Shane is right in front of me. I can't believe my eyes. Well...eye. My I still covered my right eye with my hand. I lowered my blaster.
"Hey, kid...you alright? I saw you running from Dr. Blakk's citadel. After a shot went off. A Freightgiest, right?" He asked me like it was nothing. Weird.
"The...uh...Frieghtgiest...did something to my eye." I told him. The pure impact of the slug probably broke a bone somewhere, but I wasn't too worried about it.
"Let me see..." He hopped off his mecha-beast, and walked over. I tried to keep my hand over my eye, but he pulled it away easily. He suddenly got a look of pure surprise and concern. "Oh my...." He said, in a low worried tone. "Can I...bring you to somebody who will help?" He asked.
"Sure...anything." I said, pleading for his help. He grabbed my hand and pulled me onto his mecha-beast. He started it up and we were speeding away. My eye hurt like hell, and I swear I saw something just withing the tree line.
----------------------------------
He took me somewhere....strange. At first I was curious, until I realized he was taking me directly into the center of Shadow Clan territory! What the hell?! Is he trying to kill us?! I shifted nervously, Will must have noticed because he grabbed my arm reassuringly. It somewhat helped with my anxiousness. We were in some weird clearing, and Shadow Clan appeared, surrounding us. I was about to get my blaster, but Will stopped me. He put something on his head, and he...talked to them. He seemed to understand them. I was bewildered that...I could too. What the hell was going on?! He said something about me, but I didn't catch it. All I could hear was my heart thumping and my pulse in my ears. Will turned around to see me and he got this...look of pure and utter worry. It looked like all color drained form his face. Shit. I just made the Shane look like he's seen a ghost. I felt dizzy, and darkness was trying to crawl it's way into my vision. I passed out.
-----------------------------------
I woke up, on the ground, in the arms of Will Shane. What looked to be the leader of the Shadow Clan standing over me. It, he, whatever spoke.
"We must take this girl to...our sacred cavern." I heard it. I shouldn't have. Humans aren't supposed to understand them. It's not right. It grabbed both mine and Will's arm, and it became cold. Like the stereotypical cold when you walk through a ghost. I closed my eyes tightly. When the cold sensation stopped, I opened them. We were in a large clearing with Shadow Clan symbols everywhere. There was a larger Shadow Clan guy, with what looks like a crown on it's head. It looked at me and walked over. I moved back a little, but Will was behind me and he was holding my arm gently. The thing put it's hand on my head and I could see visions. It made my head pound, and I tensed. When it stopped I opened my eyes and...what I saw...I can't explain it. Shadows were moving everywhere, and i saw horrific scenes of...death. Strange thing was...I...didn't react. Ghosts, shadows, and just plain creepy things. The really weird thing was, I could only see it with my right eye. I closed it and looked at the Shadow Clan guy.