
Ethan Milburn an eighteen year old guy. He's blonde guy with light blue eyes and a well trained body that's 6,3 feet (1.89 m). He's easy going, pretty blunt and likes to think optimistically. His passion is martial arts, especially Taekwondo. He lives with his family in America. Little sister Ella a sixteen year old girl, mom Heather a nurse and dad Paul is a lawyer. His best friends are Kyle and Sebastian (Seb for short). His life is currently most school that he hates and martial arts.
"Oh, should I say something? All right. Well I'm Ethan, pretty much a normal dude, I do martial arts pretty good too. Have an annoying but cute little sister, my dad is uhm... pretty boring and mom is very nice and makes good food. What can I say about myself? I can't come up with something right now so let Naomi say something"
Naomi Shizuka a nineteen old assassin. She has black long hair, brown eyes, a scar on her neck that goes down to her collarbone, a tattoo on her shoulder blade and is 5,6 feet (1,68 m). She's cold hearted and has been raised roughly to become a proper assassin. She the oldest daughter in the Shizuka clan. Her father are the current head of the clan and the clan is big since they've been around for hundreds of years. She has four siblings but I'll write about them later and her mother is dead. Her home is in Japan but she travels around to finish her missions that she gets from Andrew.
"Huh? Why should I?"
"Just do it"
"Ugh... I'm Naomi and I kill for a living"
"Come on something better than that"
"Wait... why are we doing this? We aren't supposed to have met yet I mean your family is sti.."
Andrew Pierce is a 33 year old man that's pretty much Naomi's boss (if you don't count her strict father). He has blonde/brown short hair and glasses, a bit taller than Ethan and a fit body. He's also Ethan's uncle on his fathers side. They took his mothers surname. Andrew is one of the Shizuka clan's... can you call it target finder? He's the one who tells Naomi who to kill and information about the targets when she's in America. But for those who don't know that he's an author.
"You guys don't fight and Naomi don't speak about that yet"
"Yes sir"
"Why does she listen to you that easy? She always looks at me as if I'm some troublesome idiot"
"Well don't mind that. I'll just introduce myself quickly. I'm Andrew, Ethan uncle and Naomi's employer"