
"Guys we have some news" said my mother. "Is this about the mirror that I broke last week I said I'm sorry" my little brother Sammy said. "No me and your mother are going to Hawii tommrow" said my father. "Wait you aren't bringing us along" I said as I was passing a dinner roll to my mom. "No its just a vacation for your dad and me we'll be back in two weeks" my mom said as she was taking bite out of a dinner roll. " That's fine with me" both my brother and I said at the same time then the whole family burst out laughing as the laughter finally dowed down it got really quiet and everyone just ate their meals more liked hogged down there meals. " Who's turn is it to wash the dishes" I said as I was gathering everyone's plates from the dinner table everyone was done eating and it was just me and my brother in the kitchen."Its your turn because I washed the dishes yesterday night" said my brother. "Man I was hoping you wouldn't remeber "I said then I patted my brothers dark brown curly afro. I started washing the dishes and started talking to my brother then when I turned around because he wasnt responding to my question and little did I know he left out the room minutes ago.Finally I was done and ran upstairs to my room quietly shut the door and grabbed my phone and started to text my bff Allie she was in Paris right now with her older sister Alex and her parents she was off in the city of love while I was in the state of Oklahoma the most boring place you could ever live Am I right? Hey wyd that's what I texted Allie a few seconds ago then I waited,waited and waited and she never texted back so I decided to figure out what I'm wearing tommrow sense its the day that my parents are leaving and I can do whatever I want to I'm free.  I walk over to my closet and look through my shirts,pants and dresses.No not that one,no not that.eww..doesn't look right,Finally I picked out the cutest outfit it was a a purple aeropostle shirt that had AERO on it and dark blue skinny jeans with two rips in it on the thighs then I heard a beep,beep I walked over to my phone thinking that it was Allie but it was my boyfriend Ethan he is so hot and has brown hair and blue eyes with this smile that you can't take your eyes off of literally we have been dating for 2 months and so far its been great but he can sometimes be demanding.He texted hey babe can I come over?and I texted back sure. So while I waited for him I started to watch mean girls on Netflix it was playing  on my computer Next thing I know I heard my bedroom door open and Ethan came inside I gave him a hug but man he smelled so good whatever Cologne he was wearing it must have put together by a genius. Both me and him sat on my bed and started talking."I found out at dinner tonight that my parents are going on vacation to Hawaii and they will be gone for two weeks" I said."Are Sammy and you going"? He asked looking me in the eye."No thank God I mean I would like to go to Hawii but i mean no parents for 2 weeks SCORE!!! I yelled. "Yea what kind of parents would leave there 15 year old daughter and 12 year old son at home alone for Two weeks I mean that's kind of dumb".He said looking at me dead in the eyes." I guess my parents so what do you wanna do" I asked."We could make out" He said."Ummm.....how about we watch a movie I said as I was reaching for the remote then I started channel surfing on there was nothing on then I saw the big bang theory. "I love this show"I said."seriously you want to be watching TV when we could be hooking up in an empty room without no parents he said. "Look Ethan every time we are in an empty room or even together doesn't mean we have to hook up"! I said almost yelling."Okay I was just saying its no big deal you didnt have to yell at me"! He said then it got really quiet."You should say sorry for yelling at me"he said."Umm... No you should say sorry"! I said looking at him. "Whatever"he said. " You know what get out just get out and don't come back"I said yelling and walking towards my room door to open it. Then Ethan got up and walked out my room and slammed the front door I guess nobody heard the slam or they probably would have come running down the stairs then I heard a beep,beep I walked over to my phone and it was from Ethan it read Its over in capital letters and an exclamation mark. Then I sat ony bed and grabbed my computer and started watching mean girls. I guess that just shows you guys that I'm not sad or feel no guilt about the whole thing I am actually kind of happy about it he was to demanding anyway and plus there is a lot of fish in the sea.