
// listen to Suika's theme, or Broken moon. \\Eren awoke slowly with light from his window stabbing holes in his eyes. He grabs his phone from the windowsill to see that it is 9:30am, and he has a text from Jean, his friend, and rival."Hey get yo lazy ass up can you cover for me at work on Tuesday."
"Get Marco to. I have a job too horsehead. It's too early for decisions anyway."  He types.
He shut his phone off and rolled over, then decided, being rather hungry, to head downstairs. He stumbled down the stairs with stiff muscles tired eyes and quite a bit of noise. He types"Why can't I just not be stiff. I shouldn't be stiff I'm 19." He thought."I didn't even do any work yesterday." He shut his phone off and rolled over, then
He slid the last bagel from the bag in the toaster, tossed out the bag, and jammed down the button, barely noticing his sister sitting at the table."Morning Mikasa." He grunts. She is reading the newspaper and sipping her orange pekoe tea like she does every morning. Sometimes you might think she is a 40 year old woman with her schedule, but she is 19 as is Eren.
"Mhhnh." She greets. They don't need to talk, she understands his grunts and he understands hers. Sibling things."We need groceries. It's your turn to go." she says.Arguing with Mikasa in the morning isn't a good idea, and he doesn't want to start an argument anyway, so he grabs his bagel once it is done and heads down the hall without buttering it, then hold it in his teeth as he slides his arms through a jacket."Be back in a bit!" He calls. And doesn't get a response from Mikasa. The door slams and he skips a step and lands on the walk.
As he walks down the busy street, listening to the band All Time Low's Something's Gotta Give. Heading towards the grocer, he stops at the bakery as he does most days. He gets an apple fritter because they were the freshest thing in the tiny, lemon smelling bakery. He sits down on a bench next to a tiny guy in a big hoodie."Cold morning isn't it?" He laughs to the boy. It's kind of cold for June. 15 degrees.
"Erm-um-yeah." He says quietly as he slides his hood off. He is blond with striking blue eyes. Then he gets up without another word and crosses the street.
Eren continues his grocery trip at his normal speedy pace, he stops at the farmers' market, and the normal grocery. His sister is a bit of an organic food fanatic, whereas Eren will eat anything. He arrives at home and tosses the bags on the table. He got the groceries, Mikasa can out them away.--later that day, nine o'clock, 9 pm--Eren's eyes flickered to the screen as an image flashed up. It was of the boy from the bench who's name he hadn't asked. Hanging from his ceiling fan. Dead.
"ARMIN ARLERT, 19, SUICIDE" flashes on th scree,
" I talked to him today!" He yells. Mikasa looks up."Oh that boy? At the grocery? That's too bad.."Feeling heavy with guilt Eren gets up and tosses the remote to Mikasa and heads up the steps."Dammit why didn't I do something, why didn't I compliment him or something?" He repeats as he falls into bed. He's tired out after that shock.