
"You posses a certain gift. You can see tragedy. You can move through the shadows, like us." I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Moving through shadows? Tragedy? What the hell have I gotten myself into?! It said something to Will and we were taken through the shadows to a house. The Shadow Clan left, and I was confused as to what happened.
"They said that you had a special reaction to the ghoul. It gave you powers because it somehow darkened the slug energy that humans and slugs share." Will explained. "You now posses the powers of the Shadow Clan, and you can see tragedy. You will become the bridge between life and death. I don't understand it myself, but that's what the Shadow Clan said." Will was just as confused as I was. Wait until Doc hears about this.
"Hey...can you explain this to Doc...he's pretty much my dad...for now, at least." He looked at me and walked me to the house. It must be his.
"Yeah, but first, let's get you cleaned up. You're all covered in scrapes." I looked at my legs. I guess I was too worried about my eye to notice. There was dry blood and injuries all over. Will brought me inside and sat me on the couch. He got a first-aid kit, cleaned my legs, and bandaged the larger injuries. He looked at me, and went up stairs for a moment. He came back down a minute later with a mirror.
"You never got the chance to look at your eye." He said, handing me the mirror. I looked at myself, and all the color drained from my face. My eye...what were supposed to be the whites, were black, and my iris was a slit, like a reptile's. My iris was bright blue, an extremely light shade, glowing too. Around my eye there were...things on my skin. Black, root-like patterns were protruding onto from my eye onto my skin. They didn't go out very far, but I looked like a fricking demon! I started to hyperventilate. Will put his hand on my shoulder, and gave me what looked to be an eye-patch from the first-aid kit. I hooked the elastic string over my ears and situated the patch over my right eye. Dammit!
"Why don't you call your dad?" He handed me a phone and I dialed the number.
"Where are you!!" Doc's worried yelling came from the other end. "You were due back over an HOUR ago!!" He shouted into the receiver. I cloud almost see his veins popping out of his forehead.
"Doc, I'm-" I couldn't finish my sentence before Will grabbed the phone.
"I'm Will Shane, your kid's with me. I...would like it if you could come and pick her up...We have something to tell you." He waited for a response.
"Be right there, Mr. Shane." Doc said, just before hanging up.
"He'll be over soon." Will told me. He sat down next to me. "Where are you from?" He asked.
"The surface...Doc is too. He came down here long before I did, so I went to live with him." I said.
"Another person other than a Shane from the surface?!" He exclaimed. "Wow, there are still things I don't know..." He said in care free tone. He laughed heartily. I couldn't help but smile. He told me about how he had a son on the surface, a wife too. His son's name was Eli, and he said that he couldn't come to Slugterra until he turned 15. Bummer. He sounded awesome. I told him how I got to Slugterra. I told him how my mom forced me to come.