
Jacleen's POV:
Isabella keeps fake crying and suddenly shouts, "Help me!"A teacher comes by to our direction and looks at both me and Isabella."What is the dilemma, ladies?" She says, with a ruler in her hand. Her glasses reflect my face expression, both shocked and confused."Oh, ma'am, Jacleen was threatening me that if I don't act beg unto her knees she would steal all my money and burn my daddy!" Interrupted Isabella, leaving me mouthing what I was going to say."No, ma'am, this is all wrong..." I trailed, as the boy, who turned out to be Luke Hemmings, came toward us and into the situation."Jacleen! You have been accepted to this school for a reason and now, you are just begging us to throw that chance out the window!" She snaps, with her raspy voice.My face became red as everyone stared at me. I couldn't hold it anymore, soon, hot tears came running down my cheeks. I ran down the hallway, covering my face from everyone, until I reached the door.
Luke's POV:
A strange girl ran down the hallways, with her hands covering her face. So much as a warm welcoming..."Ma'am? I am new to this "American High-School".." I say, stopping.The teacher snaps "Welcome Mr. Hemmings! I am so sorry about the current situation occurring, just another troublesome student". I think about that girl, she didn't look as guilty as she was said to be."Oh, thank you, ma'am! I would've been captured and black-mailed by her, if it wouldn't have been for you." says another strange, American girl, staring wide-eyed at me.She walked toward me a few steps. "Hello, Lukey!" She squeals."I always knew you were coming here, so welcome!" She began to bring her head closer to mine."Umm, excuse me, your head is a bit close to mine..." I say, nervously. She steps back, with a perplexed expression on her face.I suddenly remember about the person with the IMing account, how she said she was here...'She probably lied' I thought to myself. The school bell rang and the girl who was talking to me walked off like nothing had happened.
Jacleen's POV:
"Ugh, what a bitch she is!" I yell, at a empty baseball field. I begin to cry some more as I lay my face on a branch of a tree.I think about Luke, how he is confused of what is happening, of how he probably thinks about me... My face starts to drown in tears.I knew crying wouldn't help in any way possible. But, what was I supposed to do? What did I even do to deserve this? A Mercedes-Benz parks next to the field. My sister, Daniella, comes out of the car, thrashing her feet on the grass."What do you think you are doing?! Did you notice that you got suspended?! Or are you more concerned with trash, like your laptop?!" She says, furiously."I was framed! Do you know who Isabella is, my used to be best friend who back stabbed and left me?!" I scream at her.She stares at me, as the sun beats down on her eyes, causing her to squint her eyes."Get in the car..." She says, quietly. I follow her to the car, still feeling embarrassed by the fact that the situation has turned everyone against me.
I go on my IMing account, looking at almost a hundred texts from Luke. The thought of him makes me wish I was better off dead.I bottle up some courage and decided to start a conversation...
Penguin_From_Brooklyn_Tech has joined the conversationPenguin_From_Brooklyn_Tech: Where the fuck were you?!Some_weirdo_named_Bob: ...Penguin_From_Brooklyn_Tech: We're you lying? Be honestSome_weirdo_named_Bob: I wasn't...Penguin_From_Brooklyn_Tech: Really? Cause I didn't see you anywhereSome_weirdo_named_Bob: I really don't want to talk about thisPenguin_From_Brooklyn_Tech: I think you are lying, to be honestSome_weirdo_named_Bob left the conversation
Luke's POV:
"Awnser!" I suddenly yelled, banging my hands on the keyboard. 'Shit, what's her problem? Maybe, she is not who I expected...' I thought.Just the thought of her gets me anxious. Why would she act like this? Is there something wrong?Suddenly, an image of the girl running down the halls came up."Oh... Don't tell me that..." I say, under my breath.