
I should go on a trip with my friends to a "Haunted House".So I called them the next day. Kevin,Chris,Maya,John ,Maurice Anna and I borrowed my parents' car and told them we were going camping for a few days. We did some research on where this house is,it's at a few hours distance from here. We were lucky it was a wolswagen van and we had enough space. We thought it would be fun, neither one of us believed in ghosts or stupid horror stories."Do you guys think there will be dead people and voices there" asked Anna. She was definetly scared."That's bullshit, there are no such thing." Said Kevin smirking.While you were driving you all talked about anything that you saw on the road or some random stuff. You finally arrived, everyone got out of the car and admired the view.It was a rainy day,perfect for the occasion. It was a huge house,old with broken windows and some parts of he roof were missing,you could see the spider web formed on every corner of the outside of the house. You all jumped the fence and made it to the entrance.The doors were big and rusty,I pushed them and we were able to hear that characteristic sound of old houses.We enter,and there's a big hall with stairs in the middle that lead to other doors. There was a book shelf full of spider web. John found a small spider and threw it on Maya and Maya yelled at him:"That's not funny you fucking retard!" John was laughing but suddenly that joy was transformed into fear when the big entrance doors shut themselves. Kevin sighed and turned to us and said "They're probably some dumb kids that are trying to trick us." "Probably." I agree.We check out the entrance hall.I call the guys over because I noticed something on the floor. It was hair.A female's hair.But why would it be there?"That's just nasty." Mumbled Maurice,clearly disgusted."Let's just let it be guys,alright?" I ask."Mkay fine." Says Kevin and walks away still checking out the place.Maya approaches a bathroom and attempts to look in the mirror. No reflection."That's odd,is it broken or some shit?" She groans and exits the bathroom frowning."Should we go upstairs too?" Asks Anna."Let's go." I say and make my way up on the stairs.Kevin said that we should split up. I go with John,Maurice and Maya and Kevin takes Chris and John. I took my "gang" and went on the right side. We open the door that leads to a small corridor with 3 doors.I enter the first one.It was like a small library. There were shelves filled with books. Antiques everywhere.It had this desk with a note on it.I'm curious,so of course I went and started reading it. It said."It's 17.03.2014.Friday,I think. I came here with my friends not knowing what this place is capable of..There's a strange presence..I feel like there are more than one...and it's haunting every move I make.My friends are dead.. I can't get outThis may be my last message.My name is Andrew Conacoff,I live in Ohio.But if there's anyone reading this,get out as soon as you can. Don't get your friends..it might be too late. Stay safe and run out quickly before they arriv-"'That's it. That's all it says..has someone taken him away while e was writing it? What's going on? A strange presence? Too late? What...' I thought to myself."Let's check the other rooms too." I suggest.They agree and we make our way to another room. This one seemed to be a bedroom.There were 3 beds,they seemed messy.On one of them was placed a teddy bear, an eye and an arm were missing. On the left side of the bear were a pair of scissors pushed in the stuffed bear."Uh.." Says Maya silently.I give them the cue to exit the room and before we enter Chris and John run towards us shouting and panting."W-what happened!?" I yell at them.It took a while to get some words from them,but at last John says:"It's Kevin...h-he just took a fucking meat cleaver and stabbed himself in the chest like he was fucking possessed man!" He shouted with tears in his eyes.'Strange presence..' I said to myself."Calm down..I-I'm sure everything will be okay..let's rest in the beds in this room and we'll figure out the rest tomorrow morning...." I said. We went in the room,threw away the teddy bear and took a place on the beds and fell asleep for tonight.---------Posting more soon!