
We got a distress call. Kord put some upgrades in our mecha-beasts, but we can't use them until he says so. Whatever. According to Eli, I'm a part of the team now. That's cool. Doc stayed behind to work on something, as usual. Junjie stares at me sometimes, maybe he did see my eye. He probably would have asked about it, though. We were riding to Wind Farm Cavern, the distress call came from the "King of Sling", egotistic much? Well, whatever. Some of Blakk's henchmen were stealing slugs. We arrived and a fight began already. I, unlike the rest of Slugterra, prefer hand-to-hand combat. I pulled out my knife and went after one. I beat him up, and three of his pals. I shot my Thugglet, who turned into a person and beat up a couple other guys. I took out another two with my Rammstone. Eli and the rest had taken care of the others.
"Nice job Aisling." I praised my slug. "You too Casey." I rubbed my Rammstone with my forefinger. I laughed when they squeaked happily. I loved my slugs.
"Michelle! Look out!" Junjie shouted. I turned to see one of the guys had stood up. His blaster was right in my face, loaded with a ghouled Thresher. He shot, I ducked. The slug just missed my face. However...it cut my eye-patch! Shit! I kicked the blaster out of his hand and then kicked him in the chest. He fell over, the wind knocked out of him. I pointed my blaster in his face, Casey loaded, and ready to fire. Eli and the rest ran over to see if I was okay. I had my hair in front of my eyes, a futile attempt. Junjie moved the hair away from my face, probably checking for injuries. I tried to stop him, but I wasn't fast enough. His face became pale, and I knew exactly what was going to. It didn't happen the way I expected, though. He put my hair back.
"You're going to explain this when we get home. To all of us." He whispered. Thank God! I breathed a sigh of relive as I put on the extra patch. Sadly I'd have to talk about it later, but it's better then them panicking in public. I hopped on Loki, and we headed home.
----------------------------------------------
"Hey, Michelle...what's this?" Trixie, Kord, and Pronto were sitting on the couch looking at something. I walk over. They were looking at my MP3 player. I laughed.
"It's a music player." I smiled. There are lots and lots of songs on there. Guess what? They're all from famous bands on the surface! I laughed and turned to walk away, but I bumped into Junjie. He looked at me.
"Are you going to explain?" He whispered. He seemed really curious about it.
"Yes, soon. I promise. I want Doc to be here." I whispered back. I sat down next to the others, Junjie sat next to me. Trixie was trying to figure out how to use my IPod. I take it from her, and open my music app. I hand it back to her, and she selects Brick by Boring Brick by Paramore. I forgot how loud I had the volume, and it blares loudly. I turn it down quickly and snicker.
"'Well, go get your shovel. And we'll dig a deep hole. To bury the castle, bury the castle. Go get your shovel. And we'll dig a deep hole. To bury the castle, bury the castle'? Why is there a voice?" Trixie asked. She truly looked puzzled.
"That's how most songs work, Trixie." I said. "On the surface, at least." I laughed a little. They were confused by the lyrics and such. Their meaning, and stuff. It was pretty funny. Junjie kept looking at the door, probably waiting for Doc. I look at him.
"Why are you so curious?" I whispered. Like he really wanted to know. I had to know why.
"It...things like that only happen to special people. In my home caverns, at least." He whispered back.
"Hey! What are you two love-birds talking about?" Eli asked. Loudly.
"Nothing!" Junjie and I said at the same time. We both blushed a little and looked away from each other. My ears burned. I look at Junjie. His face was just as red as my ears. I giggled. like a girl. I was surprised, and it made my ears burn more. Shit. Eli was laughing. I stood up and punched him in the stomach. He fell to the floor, still laughing.