
I was woken up byt the morning sun. I sat up and sighed in relief, i had survived another night. I got dressed in my everyday clothes, a corset, brown pants and my knee high boots with a boot knife attached to them and walked to the kitchen to see my older sister Aileen drinking tea. We greeted eachother, i poured myself some tea and sat down opposite to her.
It was just the two of us living in the house, our parents and younger brother were killed by the vampires nearly three years ago. We were really poor and could hardly afford the food to keep us from starving to death. We were always really close though we were very different, she was the beautiful one who everyone (especially boys) liked and i, well i was the not as ladylike as i was supposed to be, always reading books one. When our parents died i was only sixteen and she was nineteen so she took care of me and taught me to live without our parents.
" I wen't to Susan's this morning " She said taking a sip of her tea.
"is that where you got the tea from?" I asked and she nodded.
"I went there to get some bread for breakfast and she offered it to me saying it was the least she could do for us helping her at the shop" She explained. We worked for Susan and she payed us by giving us food and a little money now and then but lately people of the town have been having less and less money so she couldn't afford paying us but we still helped her.
" Is there any news? " I asked.
" No, they're rebuilding the palace but no details have been published" She answered. No one really knew what happened two weeks ago, it was a normal evening until people noticed black clouds of smoke and flames surrounding the palace. The next day we were told the king is dead. There has been rumours of the incident though, some say it was just an accident in the kitchen or something but most of the people say it was the prince. It's said to be that the king had inappropriate desires towards a girl, but the prince was also interested in her and he saved her from the king.
"Why are you so interested in this incident? You're never interested in anything that has something to do with the royals" She said snapping me out of my thoughts.
"Um.. The rumour of the prince, it's just.. It just sounds so romantic you know..." i mumbled hoping she didn't hear me but of course she did.
"Hey i'm sure you'll meet someone some day don't worry" She said trying to cheer me up."I don't think so, no one has never ever been even slightly interested in me." I said.
"Hush, you are too young to worry about that. Now eat a piece of bread and get your stuff ready we have work to do" She said and left the kitchen.
*Time skip, at Susan's shop*
I was refilling the shelves with food when i saw a person at the shelf that had weapons on it. He was wearing a hooded coat that covered his entire face and he was looking at a packet of silver crossbow arrows. He then hid the packet under his jacket and started walking out of the store like nothing happened. Wait, was he stealing? "Hey! You!" I yelled and he ran out of the shop to the rainy streets. I ran after him but he was much faster than i was.
After a while i realized i had lost him, i decided to go back to the shop.At the shop i saw Susan behind the cash desk.
"Arabella? Where were you?" She asked looking worriedly at my wet and out of breath figure.
"Chasing a thief" i simply answered.
"Oh dear, i see you didn't catch that thief, what did he steal?"
"those silver crossbow arrows" I said pointing at the weapons shelf.
"What a shame.. Let's go get you a blanket, your shift ends soon and so does your sister's so just rest for a while just to make sure you don't get sick" She said and lead me to the back of the shop. Susan is like a second mother to me, she is always making sure me and my sister are doing fine and i will be forever grateful of that.