
"Jerk." I said. My ears were still red. Hotter than ever. Good God, it was embarrassing. Trixie looked at me and giggled a little.
"If it was nothing, then why is Junjie's face red? Your ears too?" She laughed.
"Shut up! It was nothing!" I shouted. My fists clenched and my ears even redder. Pronto and Kord were laughing at Junjie. Eli was still on the floor, laughing as well. Doc walked in upon the laughter and looked confused.
"Doc!" I exclaimed. My ears were still very red.
"It's not everyday you show emotion" He smiles. That's right. When I was little, after the "incident" I didn't show emotion. Then the Shane Gang came into my life. I walk over to Doc.
"Junjie found out. He wants me to tell everyone, with a proper explanation." I whisper. Doc dropped everything he was holding. He must've snuck into his old lab to get them.
"He knows?!" He shouted at me. The others looked over, and stopped laughing. Doc's face was pale. He sighed. "Did you tell any of them anything" He asked.
"No." I answered. "I was waiting for you." I said.
"Tell us what?" Eli asked, confused. I looked at him. Te others staring at me, confused too. I sighed.
"We...lied about something..." I said nervously...I stared at the floor.
"What did you lie about exactly?" Eli sounded a little angry. I looked up, and took off my eye-patch. Revealing the damn thing. Eli turned pale, Pronto fainted, Kord and Trixie gasped, and Junjie just stared, waiting patently for an explanation. Doc sat down. Eli and I did as well. We waited for Pronto to wake up, before I explained.
"When I was...about 11...I was watching Dr. Blakk's citadel. Without me noticing, Blakk snuck behind me. When I turned around, he shot a ghouled Frieghtgiest at me. The effects caused me to run away, but my right eye was in unbearably pain. When the effects wore off, Will Shane found me. He said he saw what happened, and looked at my eye. He took me to the Shadow Clan, who...told me that...when the ghoul hit me, it effected the slug energy that humans and slugs supposedly share. It made my eye look like this, and...gave me some powers that the Shadow Clan had...well sort of. I found out quickly that I could become a shadow, and posses people. I could fight like that too." I told them everything, leaving out the part about seeing tragedy. When I was finished it was silent.
"That. Is. COOL!!" Eli exclaimed. Followed by excited questions and reactions from Pronto, Trixie, and Kord. I smiled and laughed. It was strange...for people to find it "cool". My life was becoming...nicer...less sad. Doc was laughing, so was Junjie. I felt like i finally found a family. It made me...happy. It's been a while, since I last time was happy. All I could do was smile.