
Naomi pic----------
"ah, how I love school"(note the sarcasm) I pull off my black full face helmet and just stare at my new school. Oh how im going to have some fun here. I jump off my black zzr1400, dam how I love my bike. its my baby. as I walk up to the school doors I see all eyes on my and to be honest I don't mind it. all I hear is " dam shes hot!""i would tap that""dat ass!" that's a tough things I heard from the boys but most girls just glared at me which I couldn't help but laugh at. they have no clue what their in for.
I walk up to this old lady at a desk who looked like she was going to fall asleep any minuet but I just couldn't help myself. "BOO!" I screamed "ahhhhh!" I thought she was going to have a heart attack but it was still so funny. " shouldn't be sleeping on the job now" I laughed. " what do you want young lady" "im new and I need a schedule" and with that she just hands me a schedule.
okay lets see what I got now 'maths' time to for my entrance. I walk down the empty corridor and stop at my class. okay im here lets do this. I walk through the door to see all eyes on me. "im new" I start to walk to the back of the room and sit at the back next to a hot guy like dam he has dark brown hair, green eyes and he was wearing a tight black top and dark jeans.
"hey" he leaned in and whispered "hey" I didn't even make eye contact with him I already knew he was a player." soo...I was wondering if-" i cut him off and turned towards him "look here lover boy, im not interested so don't even try. i know your hot and all but no i don't do players so don't even try. im not an easy target" i pick up my leather back pack and walked out. why do people think im easy i know he only said 'hey' but it was in a seductive tone.
i kept walking too lost in my thoughts until i walked into a wall well what seemed to be a wall but was someone's chest. i bounce off it and land on the floor. i inhale his sent and smell the most amazing sent ever known to man. amm chocolate and vanilla mixed perfectly. i look up at him staring at me in lust. shit this cant be happening. he cant be. no. i look in to light blue eyes then his messy but well styled hair and his god like features. dam the only thing he said was "mine" he started to walk up to me but i quickly got up and walked up to him "i. am. not. yours. i. am. not. an. object" each word pocking his chest ignoring the sparks that run down my spine. i turn on my heels and walk away ignoring him following me. i walk to the forest near the school and start to strip behind a tree.
i shift into my pure white wolf with electric blue eyes. white wolfs was really rare but i was proud there was nothing to hide. my wolf was bigger then others it was almost Alfa size. I carry my clothes in my mouth and run as fast as i can. faster then ever but i could still hear him behind me so i stop in my tracks and turned round he was a jet black wolf with green eyes and i must say his wolf was looking good. but i just growl at him but his confused face made me sigh and go behind a tree to change. I put back on my high waisted black jeans with a white top and leather jacket with black combat boots. I walk up to him luckily he was in his clothes "why did you follow me?"i spit."Why did you run away?" He spit back making me growl. He just chuckled "that is no way to treat your Alfa""My Alfa?" He nods "No I rather stay rogue""Well I can get you killed for disobeying an Alfa and for trespassing""Yer like you will kill your mate" I said sarcastically"Don't underestimate me""Wow, Acting like a dick won't make yours any bigger"Well on the first day I have barely got through first period and I have also meet my mate. what will happen next?