
I was in Dr. Blakk's citadel, trying to steal ghouls to take Blakk's arsenal down when the alarm goes off. I panicked and foolishly gave myself away when I wasn't even the one in danger of compromise. I get thrown in a cell with the people who did set off the alarm. The Shane Gang. It's their fault I was compromised. I was knocked out before I was put in the cell. I woke up to find a damn Molenoid standing over me, staring. My cloaking device was off, but not taken. I had to get out of there quickly, without the Shane Gang noticing. But, That was going to be hard, considering that we were both "the good-guys" and the Shane is a very powerful slinger, and useful.
"Who are you?" the Molenoid asked me, he was all up in my face. I pushed him away.
"Depends. Who's asking? Molenoid." I sneered at him, scowling when he went on a rant about how "Only a fool doesn't know Pronto" and "You must live under a rock if you do not know Pronto" magnificent this, hero this, blah, blah, blah. The walking rodent even asked if I wanted his autograph and a picture. What a joke.
"Don't mind him. I'm Eli, this is Pronto, Kord, Trixie and Junjie." He gestured around, introducing them. "And you are?" He asked, giving me his hand to help me up.
"The one you got thrown in here" I said, waving his hand away and standing up. "You idiots compromised my mission" I pointed at Eli threateningly. "and if you don't get us out of here, you'll be answering to me" I sneered at him and the Cavetroll tried to push me away, but I bent his finger and he cried out like a baby. "I don't play games, Shane." I scowl and sit on the bench in the room.
"You never gave me a name. How're we going to help someone we don't even know?" He seemed to be taunting me. I scowl at him and sigh.
"The name's Michelle. The infamous Jinx at your service" I smile a sarcastic smile "That good enough for ya Princess?" I sneered and looked at the Molenoid, he still seemed to be offended that I didn't know him. Whatever.
"Why were you in Blakk's citadel?" The one who the Shane referred to as "Junjie" asked me. I stand up and look at the guard.
"Just doing my job" I used the cloaking device that Doc put in my head to change int a perfect image of Junjie. "Stealing is my game, to stop Blakk from destroying the 99 Cavers and what lies beyond" I turn back into my own form, and sit back down. "Now you know why they call me Jinx" I smiled smugly.
"Whoah...what was that" Eli asked, impressed. Idiot.
"The Doc put a...device...in my head that allows me to look like any living creature I see or have seen. It also unlocks photographic memory and my entire brain. I basically have super-human powers" I said the last part with as much sarcasm as I could muster and I even did jazz hands. I smirked and crossed my legs. "And you must be Sherlock Holmes" I gestured to Eli "Where's Watson?" I laughed. He seemed surprised, which I got even more of a kick out of.
"Sherlock Holmes isn't a person...in Slugterra, at least...He's famous on the surface." He gave me this look like I was guilty of something. Okay, I admit it, I was technically a thief...to bad people. I'd been a thorn in Blakk's side for five years now. All because of the Doc's device. I laugh at the Shane's confusion.
"Yeah I know about the surface, I grew up there. Before my mom forced me to come down here...uhh...about ten years ago. I'm 16 now, do the math." I sneered at him, why I was being mean to the hero, I don't know. I just didn't like him, just a feeling I got. He didn't seem to care, I guess he got hate often. Every popular person does, hero or not.
"You were only six when you came down here? Why did your mom force you to come with-" I cut him off.
"I never said my mom forced me to come with her, just to come down here. I was alone in an unfamiliar place. Then I met Doc. He took me in and...made the upgrade...and I've been spying in Blakk ever since." I hate assumptions. Always have. So, even though I didn't want to, I told him a little of my past. "I've been a thorn in Blakk's side for only about five of those years. When it was safer for me to start fighting him. I have been gathering information, stealing ghouls, and just plain annoying Blakk. I bet he's happy to have me behind bars." I sneered at Eli "And it's all your fault" I stared at him angrily for a moment then put my finger on the earpiece in my ear. "And I'm gonna get us outta here" I activated the earpiece and spoke "Send in the cavalry, Doc." A buzz from outside, and the sound of slugs, or ghouls rather, being shot.