
He was gonna  talk when mum  entered. I felt angry and I muttered silently as I turned back to the window. "Hey it's already 9:00 and I was wondering if you would like to call your mom  or something she'll be worried about'ycha!" "No" I pushed "He was just about to leave"He silently got up the seat leaving the left over of unspoken words for me to wonder about. I had some guilt of being a little, t.b.h much rude to him... but I can't blame my self he is or was an idiot. I jumped into bed, serving my self with much burden thinking about what he was about to say.
I tried keeping the whole blame on my mom but it didn't feel right. "But he wouldn't have said something important after all I said to convince my self'. Next morning I ran into him next to the school porch. His eyes were different. "Are those...? " I asked him as I touched his eyes. His reflexes were deep. He rapidly came closer and clamped my hand with his thumb keeping them down. A moment of silence came across us. I looked down to his hands as they felt cold and white, softer than mines like he never touched work before. He felt shy like no body ever did. He tried saying sorry but he was shocked as much as I was. Uhhh  another awkwardly embarrassing situation. He bent down to get his books and left my hand.Another breeze of damp air came suddenly- - it blow my hair all over my face and he kept looking. Thou my hair was not of beauty  possessing but it kept him staring for a really long time until a Ferrari  drove by and disturbed the whole neighborhood. "Do you mind... if we walked....... to sch-" he admirably asked. I tried being polite and answered him: "you can I don't possess any of this land last time I checked..." He smiled back. it felt good for the first time in whole pending life, making someone smile. He was quite the whole time and it was annoying... I felt like shaking him deliberately and telling him (hey speak up), bit that would be weird or instance right?  So I joined him in silence. Until suddenly he stopped. I ignored and I continued with much disdain. He ran a bit, catched me by the hip and made me turn back. I wanted to hurt him but I couldn't, his face his lips all those features just kept me cool. I felt paranoid, frustrated for being unable to move. School bell had already rang  and classes had already began. I tried walking back and forgetting what had happened soon enough, but he clutched me tight. His breath was so close to mine his eyes stuck staring at me. "You done !" He asked cheekily with a look I couldn't concentrate from. "Ehhh  what do you want!! I said angrily. As I looked diffidently to his eyes.