
Jacleen's POV:
Back at my house, I sit at the dinner table, staring at my food.I didn't feel like eating my spaghetti, especially when my sister is looking at me like I murdered someone.A very uncomfortable situation. And I mean very!"So.... Isabelle came back?" She began."What do you think..." I reply, with a sniff in between my sentence. I can tell she is trying to cope with my feelings about this, but it isn't working."Why does she hate you... So much?" She continues, twirling a piece of her hair."Some personal biz, a long time ago... I don't want to talk about it..."
4 years ago..
"Hey! Over here!" Says Isabella, waving her hands. Jacleen throws the ball over to her."Now, me!" Says Jessica, jumping up and down. Isabella attempts to throw the ball to her, but it goes over a gate."Oops, I am so sorry!" Isabella squeals, almost crying."Ugh, again!" Jacleen yells, clenching her hands."Don't worry! How about we go over the gate to get the ball back?" Jessica asks, with her usual cheerful voice."Oh Jessica, over that gate is carnivorous dogs that have been tested with a vaccine that was supposedly to cure them from rabies in a less painful way" Jacleen says, pointing to the sign that says "Danger!"."But..." She adds on. "We can climb on that curb that the ladder leads to and attempt to go to the other side of the pen, which is where the ball landed"."Who is going to do the job?" Isabella asks, frightened."You!" Jacleen yells, old enough for the birds to become startled."Why?" "Cause you are the reason the ball is there in the first place, or are you chicken?"Isabella feels threatened and agrees to do the task. She soon climbs the ladder and hangs on to the curb, hoping she won't die."Move faster!" Yells Jacleen, making hand gestures that mean to "Get a move on!"Isabella manages to cross halfway, but then looks down. She slips on a brick and falls straightforward to the pen."HELP!" She shrieks, in pain. Jacleen and Jessica stand there, afraid of entering the situation."DO SOMETHING, PLEASE, CALL FOR HELP!" She screams. But instead, they ran away, leaving poor Isabella alone...
Back to the current story, at the next day...
Luke's POV:
I run in the hallways, searching for that same girl crying yesterday.But, she wasn't there. I soon see a professor, walking through the hallways with a lab coat on."Excuse me, sir?" I say, catching his attention."Yes?" He says, his glasses leaning in his nose."Have you seen a girl, who was crying yesterday for some-kind of situation?""You are new, aren't you?" He questions, off topic."Yes, sir, but..." I say, my sentence trailing off."Well, I don't know a certain girl who was in a situation like that and I am not the person who socializes about ludicrous topics, why don't you ask someone who was a witness?" He interrupts, rudely."Oh, thank you!" I say, shaking his hand hard as both a "Thank you" and a "Never talk to me like that again" gesture.In my attempt to find someone during that dilemma, I bump into that girl who was flirting with me yesterday."Hey, Lukey-Pookie!" She squeals, hugging me tight. It was a pretty awkward, since I barely knew this girl."Um... Do you know who that girl who you were fighting with... Um..." I say, realizing how stupid it sounded.She put her finger in my lips and said "Why would you want to know about her?! She was bullying me!""Well... Umm..." I studder on my sentence, trying to think of something to say to this obnoxious whore."Btw, she is never coming to this school, AGAIN!" She blurts out, beggining to giggle. Her giggle soon became a menacing laugh, which got everyone's attention.But they turned themselves to look at me, beside her.At that time, all I could do was wave as tsunamis of fangirls came crashing over.
Jacleen's POV:
"Another day as a suspended student.." I whisper, under my breath.I skimmed through the channels on the TV, but nothing was good, which bummed me out more.So, I was stuck watching "Mickey Mouse Clubhouse" for the rest of the morning... Great...I stare at my iPod and thank god of his/her's wonderful creation, which keeps me alive.As I was skimming through my albums, I found a song that fits what I am thinking is going to happen to me as I develop the reputation as a high-school drop-out, "Rape Me" by Nirvana.'This is going to be a long day...' I thought.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sorry about not doing this for a while, I will become more active, since it is SUMMER! (Reference from Frozen)