
Nahlia P.O.V

I could hear a faint sound of buzzing. I opened my eyes to see the alarm clock buzzing like crazy. I looked at the time to see that it was 7:30am. Holy crap I was late. I jumped out of bed and zoomed in to the bathroom. I brushed my teeth and did my business. I came out to see it was 7:35am. I ran to my closet and found a pair of red skinny jean and a plain white shirt. I put then on and hurried downstairs. I went to the kitchen and got my self a snack for the car ride. I opened the door and ran to the car where Ashley was waiting. I got sat on the passenger seat and put on my seat belt. "Could you be a little quicker," she said in a nasty tone. I rolled my eyes and stared out the window, this was going to be a long car ride.

She stopped the car and I got out. I shut the door and was waiting for a good bye or have a nice day at work but she left. "Wow she's a great friend," I said to myself with a fake smile. I opened the door and stepped inside the McDonald. The first thing that I saw was that the manger was looking at his watch and then he saw me. He looked pissed. "Try to be a little early Miss Horrison," he said with the fakest smile I've ever seen. "Sorry sir, it won't happen again," I said with a small smile. I heard him mummer something under his breath, probably about me. "Follow me," he said while turning his backside towards me. 		He showed me everything from big to small, and I've got to say it was the worst thing I've been through. He turned around and looked at me from head to toe then smirk. After he left I made a fist and pretended like I hit him. I went by the cashier and she showed me everything. Luckily it wasn't the one that was here when I was having my interview. A customer walked in. He had a black hoodie on so I couldn't see his face very well. He ordered his food and looked around. He saw me looking at me and then his eyes fell on me, I looked away quickly. His voice and eyes seemed oddly familiar. I could still feel his eyes on me. "Why don't you stay here and keep him company while I get his food," she said in my ear, whispering. Stay here and keep him company kept ringing in my head. I gulped. "Hi," I said in a nervous voice. His eyes soften and he was about to say something but then the girl came back with his food. He took the food and left. "Strange guy," she whispered in my ear. I nodded my head.

I looked at my watch and noticed that Ashley was an hour late to pick me up. It was 2:00pm and I got off half and hour ago, right when I said that I saw Ashley's car speeding down the road. I opened the passenger seat and noticed the big bag that she had so I sat down in the backseat.  I closed my eyes and leaned against the back of the seat. "Why were you so late," I asked her annoyed. She wasn't answering my question, I guess she was really mad at me. I felt the car stop and I opened my eyes. I scooted over to the drivers seat to notice no one in it. I heard the right side of my door open and saw the hoodie wearing guy. My eyes widened. "Sorry babe, this might hurt a bit," he said while sticking a needle in my arm. My vision started getting blurry and then I pasted out.

