
Calen POV:See what you've done Ma! I got up from the table and ran to the room and there she was crying her makeup rapidly running down her cheeks. Baby I- "No Calen I don't wanna hear it 3 years I've been with you and I have to hear from your family about a child!" Lena baby I love you that's why I didn't tell you because I didn't wanna hurt you. "Hurt me! Hurt me! No you didn't more Han hurt me! You lied and made me look stupid out there! I would have wanted the truth and we could've moved passed it now I'm stuck on if I can trust you! You know what we will talk after dinner I'm not gonna let you ruin my night." Go out there and sit the ell down and eat I'll fix myself up and I'll be there in a minute." I did as she said and I went out there.
Lena POV: I wiped the mascara from my cheeks and put another coat under my eyes and I fixed myself and went back out there. "Sorry Lena." Oh no Carrie it's not your fault let's just enjoy our night and eat.*After dinner we ha a dance contest and Harmony danced first to Whip & NaeNae. I recorded her and put it on Ig and everybody was having a ball I pulled out the whine and I had to glasses and the only person that wasn't drinking was Harmony and Cameron. Since Cameron was only 16 his mom made him drink water. He was pissed. The night came to the end and everybody hugged and said goodbye. "Oh and where did you get those shoes?" Tia asked me. Oh Calen got them for me for my 25 birthday. I smiled. He spoils you Girlllll! *I went straight back to my room kicked off my heels and led my hair up for Calen to unzip me. I took my dress off and put on one of Calen's shirts that dropped just above my knees. I went into Harmony's room and I saw we knocked out I pulled her shoes and outfit off I put on her pjs and covered her up. I kissed her head and left. I wNt into my bedroom and was about to go to sleep. "And what do you think your doing?" Going the be what the duck else? "Nahh I'm not letting you go to bed mad at me. You know I love it baby girl your my wife and if it hurts you this much im sorry seriously." He sai to me as he grabbed my hand and pulled me in.  I'm over you not telling me I'm passed that I'm frankly possed thy your here raising my child who's not even yours but your not even easing your real child, My step daughter! "What do I have to do to make you happy?!" Umm.. Lemme see, maybe let me meet her you jackass! "I don't know?" Well until you know go sleep on the couch. I smiled and turned the light off.
I had something fresh on my mind so I figured I write it😊 ~S.Sanford😘 for you tell me what you think nondamarie  ZahriBoo