

Eight long hours of dealing with screaming, I was really tired. "Lets go," I told Ashley while stretching. "No, we have to get the autographs," she said while dragging me down the bleachers. "Ugh," I said .

We were waiting in line for 20 minutes for one autographs. People must like him a lot. We were close to the front of the line but I didn't want to stand here any longer. I didn't wanna complain so I stayed quiet, after all I did crash her car today. I decided to close my eyes for just a little bit but that brought back the car crash memory so I opened them and saw something that caught my attention. The guy that was giving out the autographs was guy that I crashed into. He saw me look at him, uh oh. I ditched Ashley and pushed through the crowd. When I got out of the crowd I took some deep breaths and then I saw him again. I turned around and started to walk away from him. I could hear his long legs following me. I started to pick up my speed so now I was speed walking. "Hey," he called out but I simply ignored him. After a few seconds I looked back because I couldn't hear him anymore and luckily he wasn't there. Boom! I hit something very hard. I knew what that something was, I was in big trouble. "Hi, my name is Alex Hales," he said in a generous British accent, surprisingly. He put out his hand for me to shake. "My name is Nahlia Horrison," I said in a quiet voice while shaking his big hand.

It was a few seconds of awkward silence until I said, "okay bye," really fast and then left. I could feel him looking at me for a few seconds, talk about awkward.		I went and found Ashley's car started. I went inside and sat on the passengers seat. Ashley was looking at me in an confused way. "What?" I said. "How do you know him?" She asked. "I don't know him, he thought I was someone he knew," I lied. "Oh," she said but I knew that she didn't believe me.

--------------------------------------------------skipped to night time-------------------------------------------------

"Didn't you have work today," I asked Ashley since she didn't go to the hospital. "Yeah, but I took a day off," she said while looking in the refrigerator. I nodded and then went to the living room. "What about you, when does yours start," she asked me while following me to the living room. "It starts tomorrow," I said. She sat by me on the sofa while eating her apple. Her phone started ringing upstairs. She ran upstairs to get it. I turned on the TV and saw that the news was on and I saw that they were showing a car. It looked oddly familiar for some reason but then I went on Netflix to look for a movie. "So who were you talking to," I asked Ashley as she was coming downstairs. "None of your business," she said while crossing her arms. Ashley usually tells me everything that goes on with her, strange. "What movie do you wanna watch," I asked her. "Scary movie," she said with a evil smile. "Okay," I said with a shrug. I turned on a scary movie and both of us started watching it.

After about 10 minutes of the movie I got tired. "I'm going to bed," I told Ashley. "Okay," she said without leaving her eyes off the TV. I went upstairs and got ready for bed. I stared at the wall for a long time thinking about the car accident and then the autographs situation. He was pretty mad that I crashed his car but then in the autographs situation he was really nice, strange.