
My name is Catarina Pearses and this is the tragic story of my life. I've been abandoned, bullied, beaten and ruined, don't worry though my story does have a happy ending but I'm getting ahead of myself let me take you back you the tragic begin of the tragic story of my life.
I was born in 1912. My Mother a maid and my Farther a miner. The people my Mother works for have a small shed at the back of there proprietary where they are allowing us to stay. The shed is barely worthy of the name as its roof is full of holes and it's leaky and rusted. The surrounding proprietary is more of a marsh than a felid. There is a small windy stone path up to the place.
Farther leaves for work before sunrise and Mother is usually leaving as I wake. I soon must go to work as well at the factory. When I returned Mother returns with me and I wait at the window staring into the distance looking for Farther because mining is dangerous and there are often cave-ins. He returned after dark and I always hug him in delight.
Midyear in 1921 when I was 9 my Mother gave birth to twin girls named Faith and Gracie. That day was the happiest day of my life but from then on life was harder, and the budget was tighter.
Now everyday when I get home the twins greet me with hugs and happiness that's gives me hope for the world. One night in 1924 I had just got off work and began the trek home and sure home was that rusty, leaky, cold shed but it always felt safe and warm. I walked down the side of the manor, up the stone path to see Mother home early. I ran to her and jumped for a hug "I missed you today." She pushed me back a little and smiled soon drawing me back to finish the hug.
Later that night I was busy with the twin that I almost forgot to look for Farther. When I did however I saw Mother who looked anxious while she waited out front for him. I watched closely and when he did return she hugged him and it lasted just a little bit to long. I could see them talking but I couldn't make it out. For a few moments Farther looked exited, he looked down at Mother's belly then looked back up as if realising something. It looked as if his heart sank, he looked my way but didn't see me. I knew they couldn't know I had been watching so I ran out side to hug him as usual.
We all came back inside and I sat with the twins. A moment later Farther said in a soft voice "Your Mum and I need to talk to you."...