
~On the phone~
Lena POV
Me: What do you mean dinner?! It's been 3 years and I'm just now meeting them?!
Calen🌎🔐: Sorry babe that it's short notice but I need to prove to my family that I'm living good. I want to prove too them I'm not in these streets no more and show them I found someone I love.
Me: But baby how the hell am I going to whip a dinner up for all of them and what if they don't like me?
Calen🌎🔐: They will I promise you I'm pulling up to the house right now. Love you Wifey See you later.
Me: I love you too.
I said those words dryly as I pulled into my daughters school parking lot to pick her up. I grabbed my phone out the cup holder and headed into her school.*Yes I'm here to pick up Harmony Lenasia Jones? "What grade is she in?" The secretary asked. 1st, she's in 1st. "Okay I'll send her down right away." She smiled and I smiled back and sat in the chair and got on Instagram to see what was new. *"Mommy!" Hey baby ready to go? "Yes but I thought daddy would pick me up?" Well daddy had some last minute planning I mumbled to her as I took her book bag off her shoulders. "Can we go to McDonald's?" Not today Harm, not today. Me and daddy are cooking a big meal tonight. "Okay." She said sadly. *We pulled into the driveway and I reached to the back seat on the floor and grabbed my purse. I slung it over my shoulder and and took Harmony's hand as we entered the house.
"Daddy!" She jumped into Calen's arms as he tickles her. "What are you cooking?" A big big dinner you will love it. I went back to the room and kicked off my flip flops and put on my house slippers and went to the Kitchen to help cook.*After diner was done and everything was laid out on the table I showered quickly and put on my black dress with a minor slit on the thigh with some black heels with gold bling on he front. "Mmm" Calen licked his lips and rubbed his hands. Nope not tonight, Maybe you could've got some if your damn family wasn't in town wanting to meet me so bad. I said as I crossed my arms over my chest. "Can I get some later?" Maybe now let me go so I can get your spoiled ass daughter dressed. "No you finish getting dolled up while I get her dressed." I said nothing else and continued to do my hair. I did them in loose curls that's hung over my shoulders. I took a quick pic for Instagram and then I went one e barroom and put on lipstick the color of my lips. I kept looking in the mirror because I wanted to look perfect for his family. *DING~DONG!When I heard the door I instantly panicked. "Baby their here!" I'm coming I yelled back as my voice cracked. I looked in the mirror one last time and went into the hallway and down the stairs into the dinning room. "Oh my gosh she's even prettier then you described." The women said as she hugged me. He smelled of the same Perfume Calen had bought me or my 25 birthday. "Babe this is my Mama Carrie, and Mama this is my Wife Lena." Nice to meet you I replied. "Oh I'm splendid to me you baby. He's told me so much about you." She said eyeing her son. He's told me nothing about you, I said as I looked up at him as he gave me the death stare. I smiled in a smart way and walked off to meet his sisters. They were twins. Tyla and Tia. "Hi I'm Tyla the oldest twin and the more mature one, and I'm Tia the other twin and she's not mature at all she's the party twin." I laughed and I'm Lena Calen's wife."Were 22." "And I'm Cameron his little brother I'm 16 and you fly Ma." "And she's mines." Calen sad as he stepped in and pulled me in by my waist. "And you must be Harmony." Calen's mom said as she pinched Harmony's cheek. My baby girl loves the attention she was given she's so spoiled. "Ight let's catch up later my boo cooked some real good food and Yall know I love to eat do let's go and sit. "I still can't believe you Len you waited 3 years to show her off to us." Yea I made a mistake on that I should have brought her around sooner and I should have invited Yall to our wedding and there's a lot that I should have done that I didn't. "Daddy?" I heard Harmony say and everybody look up at Calen. I take it as you guys didn't kno she calls him daddy. I said with a sly smile. *"Speaking of daddy have you checked in on Kaylin?" Come on Mom don't start that shit with me I don't wanna hear about that because her mom is a bitch. "I'm just saying that's your child no matter how fucked up her mom is that's your daughter and you need to take responsibility for her." I had this stupid look on my face because 3 years I've been with this nigga and he's never told me about a child. I felt stupid and just dumb because I can't believe I didn't see any of this. I got from the table threw my napkin down and ran to my room. "Baby wait