
Two men sat in the chairs waiting. One of them ran their fingers through his own silky black hair.
"When is she coming?" He asked.
"Soon. Why are you so eager?" The other guy laughed. "Because your sister is like my little sister." He smirked.
The more he thought about his best friends sister, the more he started to get hard. Fuck. He thought about kittens and how cute they are but his thoughts soon stopped when he saw her. Her gorgeous light brown hair was pulled back into a pony tail while her beautiful light blue eyes searched for her brother Noah and Kolt. Kolt instantly stood up from his place and ran his eyes over her small frame. Her tight ass fit perfectly into those skinny ass jeans while her tight blue shirt emphasized her curves. Her lips curved into a smile as she saw the two men. "Noah! Kolt!" She smiled as she pulled her suitcase along with her. To Kolt, Marley was the best person to make him smile while he was having a bad day. When one of his ex girls would come up to him, he would just look up at Marley and smile then diss the girl off. Marley was his drug. She hugged her brother first them him. "I missed you guys so much!" She smiled as Kolt held her more tighter. "Don't break my sister." Noah laughed but all Kolt could think of was how amazing she smelt and how amazing her body fit with his. He was getting hard again but he quickly thought of kittens. That always seemed to work. Marley noticed because she pulled away and looked down for the slightest second. "I'm exhausted. New York is a hassle. I love it though but I'm also glad to be back." She couldn't help the smile that came on her lips.
Once they arrived home to her brothers apartment Kolt brought her bags into his room. "Kolt, what are you doing?" Noah raised an eyebrow. "Isn't she sleeping in my room?" He called from the room as he removed his shirt and pants. Then appeared in the doorway with a pillow and blanket. "I'm sleeping on the couch." He smiled. Noah nodded as he looked at Marley. "Like our man cave?" He smirked. "No. It smells like too much cologne and this place is a mess!" She exclaimed. The two men laughed. "We're messy men." Kolt smiled. Marley froze as she saw Kolt half naked. She only dreamed of him one day doing this and it's actually happening for her. Her eyes scanned his muscular body. His abs, his arms, his bulge. Every part of him was amazing. "Like the view?" He laughed. Noah pushed Marley away and shooed her to Kolt's room. Kolt laughed as he pulled down his pants then jumped on the couch, wrapping the blanket around him. Marley sat on Kolt's bed as she looked at Noah. "Does he invite girls on this bed?" "I cleaned the sheets morning, so you're fine," he smiled. "Go to sleep. I'll cook you breakfast tomorrow, sis."Marley smiled as she watched her brother leave, closing the door behind him. Marley looked around the room and realized how much it smelt like Kolt. Every time she heard the name Kolt, she would imagine her lying on the bed naked and him on top of her naked always seem to pop up. He was her brothers best friend and all she could think about was him fucking her. She groaned and fell back on to the white comfy sheets. Kolt couldn't get comfortable on the couch so he got up and walked to his bedroom. He opened the door and looked inside finding innocent Marley sleeping in his bed. He stepped inside, shutting the door behind him then slipping into the sheets next to her. He felt her smooth silky skin on his skin. He moved his hands down her body and realized she was naked. He became hard as that fact that she was naked. Marley just snuggled into his arms. "Kolt. Kiss me." And he did. He kissed her everywhere.
Marley woke up to an empty bed. She frowned and quickly slipped on one of her brothers shirt then her panties. She walked out to see her brother and Kolt chatting on the couch. "Hey, sleeping beauty." Kolt smirked as he looked up at her. Noah slapped the back of Kolt's head as he got up. "I got to go, sis. I got work." He walked up to Marley and kissed her head then left. Marley looked at Kolt. "Why did you come into my bed last night?"Kolt sipped his milk. "I couldn't sleep knowing that Marley was sleeping in my bed and I couldn't do anything to please her."Marley froze as Kolt remained calm. "I have to go too by the way, thanks for finally getting up."