
(This is not Rose as in SU, just to say first hand X3 anyways...)-
Rose trudged into her room, tossing her book bag into the wall and slamming the door.
She looked up at her clock. 9:38 PM. She sighed. Her teacher, also her tutor, had a conference with her parents. What teacher keeps parents of a student this late?
Rose threw herself into bed after slipping off her grey sneakers and tossing them aside. She left all the lights in her room off, laying in the dark. She curled up, but stretched one arm out over the side of the bed.
After a few moments, she started crying, softly.
But soon that turned into full-on sobbing.
She cried, and cried, and cried.She cried for her dropping grades.She cried for her fighting parents.She cried for her sister.She cried for her two little nephews.She cried about every possible reason she could find.
In the midst of her crying, Rose felt something. It was cold, but smooth, but yet... Yet it had no distinct texture once Rose realized it. She shook it off by bringing her hand up to wipe her face off.
As soon as she brought it back down over the side of the bed, it returned. It was such a strange feeling... It was cold and smooth, but it still seemed... Comforting.
She opened her eyes and looked down at her hand. It seemed to be covered by something, and then she felt it clutch onto her hand. Not suddenly or strikingly, but as in of comfort or if one would give encouragement. She held on to the entity that lay in her palm.
After a few more minutes, she was beginning to calm down. She sat up, the feeling still in her palm.
She turned the lamp on, and the feeling left. But with her, it left its comforting cold.-next night-
Rose walked into her room, slumped over. She sat her book bag down in front of her bed. She still kept all the lights off.
Today was the best day that had occurred out of the month.Her grades had apparently risen greatly.Her parents had not fought for awhile.Her sister was showing signs of becoming better.Her two nephews were being put, together, in a new home.
But she still felt depressed inside. Worked up, but weak. She didn't have anyone to tell it to. No friends, no family, not even mom.
She just needed someone to tell all these things to. No, this is not a sappy love story I'm talking about. She just needed one person. But she couldn't trust people anymore. She had seen them, how they treat people's secrets.
She curled up in the bed again. She was tired. It was late again.
She shut her eyes. Then, she felt it again. The cold, smooth feeling on her fingers. Then, she heard a voice.
"How was your day today, Rose?"
She sat up. It was still in her hand."Did you hear me, Rose?"
She then saw a figure appear from the shadows of the corner next to her bed. She could make out its face, but couldn't tell of what gender it was. Its voice was monotone, no accent Rose could detect. Even though seeming monotone, it meant to be a kind question.
Even though its physical appearance had no thorough claim of gender, it's voice was slightly lower than of a woman's, which led Rose to believe it was male.
"Rose, how was your day today? I hope that it was better than the previous days of this week."
Rose sat in silence for a moment. Then she knew, just knew, that he was the one, the one she could trust. The shadows were the only ones she could trust.
"Rose, are you alright?""I...I-I... No.. No, I am not alright. Although,.." They sat like this for hours into the night. He stood, listening to her every word, giving her words of encouragement, words of hope, and his loyalty.
She talked to him until she was so tired she was almost passing out. She fell asleep, and he faded deeper into the shadows.
That night, her hand was clutched tighter than any other night before.
(Sooooo? I had written it once before, but it got deleted. But, I think that one was better than this one, honestly. :/ Oh well. Please tell me if you liked it! It means a lot to me!)