
Vic's P.O.V

Sarah threw me onto her bed as she took her shirt off. She threw it on the ground, then turning towards me. She walked towards me, putting her hands at the bottom of my shirt and lifting my shirt up over my head as her soft warm hands brushed up against my sides, turning me on. We both strip down to our underwear as we fall back on her bed, sharing a very steamy kiss. We separate for air, I tuck a piece of her light brown hair as I stare into her deep brown eyes. She drags her hands down my back. I snake my arms around her waist, as I kiss her right under her navel. As I kiss her up her body, she tightens the grip on my back and let's out a small moan. I get to her lips, she brings her hands down to my waist, pulling down my boxers as I pull down her underwear and undo her bra, she bites her lip asking for a invite. I do as she wants, she lets out moans that I love. When I finish, I lay besides her. The rest of the night, we cuddle. I love her so much.
*Two months later*
" Vic, can you come here," I hear from our room as I finish brushing my teeth in the bathroom. After four years of dating, we finally moved in together. I rush to the bed room as I walk in, I see her with a smile on her face.
" Yes darling," I ask, plastering a smile on my face from her excitement. After a short silence, she shows me a small plastic stick, a pregnancy test. I look at it, tears of happiness flow from my eyes as I look down to see a positive sign. She looks up at me with tears in her eyes as well. We both hug each other as she puts her head in the crook of my neck I whisper into her ear. "We're going to be a family."
*Seven Months later*
I was awoken to Sarah shaking me.
"Babe, it's time," but me not being fully awake, I say the stupidest things.
" No, Jaime tacos later," I mumble.
"No Vic you twerp, it's Sarah." I hear. I open my eyes to see her hovering over me with adorable messy hair and worried eyes. "Oh shit, that!!!" I say, throwing the blankets off me and hurry to get the keys. I throw on a t shirt and my tie dye sweat shirt with black sweatpants over my boxers. We hurry out the door, and down the elevator. As he rush out the door, the cold December air hits our faces. We get into the car, as we drive to the hospital, something clicks in my head. I turn to her to say,
" Wait, hasn't it only been 7 months, ?" I say franticly
" Yeah," she says with tears in her eyes, I reach over to her hand and kiss it. For the next couple of minutes, we sit there in complete silence. All of a sudden, we both see lights in our eyes. "Vic, watch out!!!!" she screams, but it was too late.