
Your pov"Got to get these dumb a..s off my tails (see what I did there no ok:( ) you see a large mansion "perfect" you thought to your self running faster ignoring the burning in both you legs as you climb a pole on the side of the house and quickly get to the top and look at the scared cops look at the mansion before them a run away screaming like little girls when they see one direction.  "finely there gone" you say inbtweeen breaths. climbing down form the roof and examining it closely. just then you hear a twig snap as you quickly turn around your eyes meet with three boys that seem to be maby 19 to 20 years in age. the one on the right was wearing a yellowish hoodie with a black mask with to red holes that look like eyes and a red frown. the boy on the left had a tan jacket on with a white mask with female features with a lightish brown with a tint of dark brown in it . then the boy in the middle was wearing a hoodie with stripes on the sleeves, also he had to hatchets one looked old and rusted and the other brand new . his face had orange goggles and a face hard covering his mouth . I was deep in thought when the one on the right spoke "w-who are y-y-you" he said with a stutter I was about to say something when my stomach growled very loud and thought " they would make a good meal haven't had human in a while so this should be fun" just like that I turns into a white fox with nine tails with two purple spots on my forehead .bi growled and started to run at the one on the left and bit him on the arm drawing blood and let go and looked at him holding his arm trying to stop the bleeding there was a pool of blood on the ground. I trot over to the pool of blood and start to lap it up after I took a few sips looked at them stock out my toung and ran.
Toby's pov We were walking home from a mission slender had sent us on and got home but standing in front of us was the most prett-wait WHAT I'm a killer I don't have feelings. we just stood there I saw her looking at each one of us checkin out or features. just then I heard her stomach growl very loud and before I could react she turns into a white nine tailed fox with two purple dots on her forehead and lunged at masky and bit his arm drawing blood. she let go as soon as she did masky grabbed his arm to stop it from bleeding but then I saw her do something she troted over to the pool of blood masky had left behind and started drinking it she stopped looked at us, stoock out her tong and ran into the forest. remembering she had bit masky I helped him in side to go see e.j and after I we were gonna talk to slender about this girl