
Authors note: this is a very gruesome chapter and contains blood, gore, and rape. Enjoy!
I walked into work that morning. I hated my job! So many children, and they always broke my animatronics! I get that they weren't really mine, but as my job as the mechanic, it felt like they were mine.
When I walked into work, I got the usual reaction from the kids."That man looks purple!""Why is the scary man purple?"And other things like that. My fellow employees nicknamed me the purple man. I didn't mind them calling me that, but it's the children that got to me. Their stupid little faces, horrible smell, and crude behavior. I hate them more than anything.I would quit my job, but I sort of fail as a mechanic. I break the cars, and flunked college. The animatronics are easy though. I just have to rewire them and make them look nice. Due to the fact that the children destroy them constantly, they're always in for repairs, so I'm always busy. This place gives us dirt money, but because I work a lot (not as much as I'd intent, but still a lot for someone who fixes robots) I get more money. When I got to my station in the repair room, it started as most days, slow. I decided to go out and scare the kids. I put on my golden Freddy outfit and went out there. When I got there, some children laughed, but others were horrified. I loved it when they were scared, they would hide in their parents arms and ask me to go away. When I was done I got to my office and put away my suit, then I heard laughter behind me. There were 5 children. I locked them in. It was time they learned a lesson, "we're gonna play a game, a fun one at that!" I opened a drawer and saw my knife. I had it there because there were those days that I just couldn't take it, and I was finally going to put it to good use. A blonde little girl started to cry. I reached for the tallest one. A young boy, looked about 8, had brown hair. I attacked his stomach, tearing it into a soup like substance. After that I reached for another child. He had red hair and looked about 6. I had to pull him away from the little blonde. I threw her into a wall, and got to work on the little boy. I turned his eyes into soup. I then tore his head off. It was so much fun! I reached for the little blonde. She was smallest and looked about 5 or 3. Not quite 4 though. I ripped her jaw off. She suffocated in her blood to quickly for me to do much more. I then reached for the next child. A boy, I think. It looked about 6. I threw it down and started bashing it's head in like a rock. Once it was dead I reached for the last child. She looked about 7. She had dark brown hair. I began to rape her, and as I did so, I stuck my knife through her. I pulled her apart until I was raping a hunk of meat. In finished I raped the girl with no jaw. Once I was done, I had to clean up.