
"I got out. Early release." I hear him say as he sinks to the floor next to me.
"I am happy, Chaz." I laugh humorlessly "I am finally happy, and you come home now."
" I was never good at timing, was I?" He says. I laugh at nothing and nod my head. I look over at Chaz. He is just sitting there looking at his hands. For someone who had been in the Marines for almost ten years he isnt very good at confrontational. I hear him laugh and say "Well we finally got the answer we have looking for for years today."
I look at him confused "What do you mean?"
"The old lady knew." he halts to laugh again "How much you want to bet she knew before we did?" I laugh along with him remembering all those late night conversations we had about Grandma knowing about us. For years Chaz would sneak into my room at night because his parents would fight all the time. He was ten I was eight when it started, for two years every night he would climb through my open window. Every night I would wake up hand him a pillow and a blanket from my closet and he would lay down on the floor next to my bed and we would just talk. Talk all night until it came time for him to go home and get ready for school. All those nights where he would cry and ask over and over for him to move in here. He was twelve when his parents finally got a divorce. He stopping climbing through my window at night, he stopped agnologing my existence. Finally after months of trying to rekindle our friendship I finally tunred my back.
"She knows everything." I say simply. I remember the one time I went to Grandma crying, after two months of trying to become friends again I was torn. My heart was broken over the loss of such a great friendship. A friendship I wished would go further, even at ten years old I knew he was the boy I would marry. He was my best friend. Grandma sat me down that day and smiled at me. "You love that boy." She said simply. Those four words relased the flood of tears, relased my heart. Those four words couldnt have been more true.
"You left." I said looking over at his bowed head.
"I have always been the one to leave., I have always been the scared one." I replies refusing to look at me.
"And I have always been the one to take away your nightmares." Still looking at him I see his head slowly lift up to look at me. "I have always been the one to open my arms first, to offer my floor to you.'
"I admired that about you." he laughs " Hell, even when I didnt deserve anything from you, you would always unlock your window and give me that scratchy blanket." We laugh together. We laugh hard enough to bring tears to our eyes. I am still laughing that I dont notice him looking at me until he touches my upturned face. Alarmed I turn toward him, our laughter forgotten.
" I still... " He clears his throat. " I still admire that about you." I just look at him and shake my head lightly.
"No. You cant... You cant do this to me again. Im not the same person I was all those years ago. No!" I say louder then expected as I push his hand off my face and scrammble to my feet. "You can not say that to me. Dont you dare!" I scream backing against the wall still shacking my head.
"Hey hey, Im sorry." He says walking toward me. I refuse to look at him, shaking my head more as he moves closer to me.  "Ally, look at me. Please." His voice sounded so hurt I look up at him. Our eyes find eachother and lock. His eyes fill up with tears as he stares at me. I cant bare to look away from those deep blue eyes, the eyes that have been in my dreams for years. The last time I saw him look at me this way was the day he left for the Marines. It was at his high school graduation, all of his friends were outside enjoying the party. It was getting dark when I saw him make his way through the crowd to me. I had a beer in my hand and I was sawying to the music. As soon as he got to me he looked down at my hand and his face changed he looked angry instead of the happy boy I used to know. He roughly grabbed my hand and took me inside where he grabbed my beer and threw it in the sink. He was leaning over the sink looking as the beer wwent down the drain.