
I woke up on the couch next to Hayes. Hayes was awake playing on his phone and only Nash, Cam and Taylor were up.
"Morning Bell" Hayes smiled at me. "Morning" I said back.
"The baby is up" Cam said picking me up.
"Cam i have dance at 12" I said. "Fuck I have to go to work at 11:30" He said.
"Bella ill take you" Nash said. "Thanks Nashy" I said hugging him. I ran upstairs into my room because it was 10:30 already and got dressed. I pulled on a pink sports bra, black nike pros hair in a ballet bun. It dosent bother me wearing this infront of the boys because I am pretty flat chested and i have a tiny ass so i dont really care. What do you expect froma girl that weighs 87 pounds. and i ran down stairs. It was 11:15 by now amd Cam wS about to leave. "Bye everyone ill be back by 3" Cam yelled out to everyone
I went into the kitchen and made myself cereal, toast and strawberries.
"I still want to know how you are so skinny and you eat so much" Nash said.
"Its a gift" I laughed.
"Hey Bellaa" Hayes said hugging me. "Heyy" I hugged him back.
"Bella lets go u have go to dance" Nash said. I hopped of the kitchen stool. Hayes and Matt decided to come with Nash.
"How long are you hear for" Nash asked.
"5 oclock" I said.
"Nash can we stay for like an hour" Hayes asked.
"Ya i wanna watch" Matt said looking at my hip hop teacher who was his age.
"Fine" Nash said.
I have gymnastics for a half hour then solo for an hour.
Matt, Hayes and Nash sat in the over veiew room watching. I started stretching.
"OKAY BELLA U GOTTA GET YOUR ROUND OFF BACKHANDSPRING 3 TIMES INTO BACK TUCK FOR UR JAZZ SOLO" Miss Kathy yelled.
"OKAY" i yelled back.
I went to do it AND I DID IT...
"YESS BELLA" Everyone hugged me.
I looked up and the guys jaws dropped.
I started laughing.
"IS THAT MATTHEW ESPINOSA AND THE GRIER BROTHERS" My friend Adrianna yelled. "Ya" i laughed.
"OH MY GOD" She said. "Bellas brother is Cameron Dallas" Krista said.
Adriannas new so she dosent know that. "R YOU SERIOUS" She yelled.
"Yes Camerons my brother so i basically live with all the guys" I laughed.
Everyone else knew that Cam was my brother.
"Oh Bella im really sorry about your parents" Adrianna said. "Its ok, im trying to pull through" I said
I practiced my lyrical solo which is dedicated to my mom and dad. I love it. Its amazing.
The guys ended up staying the whole time and watched me dance.
I had pointe which is tortureous, I had gymnastics, I had my lyrical, jazz and tap solo practice, I had boot camp and jazz and tap class.
I was done at 5 finally and i walked up to the over view room. "Cam wasnt lying when he said you were amazing" Matt said. "Thanks i smiled. "Is that all the classes you do" Nash asked. "NOO, thats not even half. I do a lyrical solo class, a jazz solo class, a tap solo class, ponite class and pointe competition class, Tap class and tap competition class, i do hip hop competition and hip hop class, i do contemporary competition class, I do ballet class and ballet competition class, I do a leaps and turns class and I do gymnastics" i said.