
As the clock strikes three I make my way into the locker room to change out of my hospital scrubs after a long and tiring shift. Pulling my top over my head I look down at my phine and see I have five missed text messages and two missed phone calls. All from one person, my middle school best friend,Talia. After I am changed into my regular clothes I grab my phone and bag and head out into the summer heat to my car.
While walking, I scrolling through my phone I finally click on Talia's contact and call her just as I am unlocking my car.
"Hey, Honey. What did you need that was so urgent you blew up my phone?" I said as soon as I heard her say 'Hello?'
"Yeah, I wanted you to not stop by your grandma's today after work. You are coming over here." She replied. Well that is weird, she knows I stop by my grandma Judy's house everyday after work to help prepare her dinner for that night and breakfast and lunch for the next day. Two years ago in the middle of winter Grandma fell down the front steps of her house after slipping on some ice. Now nine months later the bones she broke that day still haven't completely healed.
"Well, just let me swing by there quick to get everything ready for tomorrow. Then i will be out of there. I have to get ready for my bridal shower anyways."
"Ally, trust me you do not want to go there today." Talia replied sounding very sure of her reasoning. I wonder, just how long will it take her to realize that if someone tells me not to do something, that just sparks a challenge in my mind making me do said thing anyways. Hell she watched me do it for years throughout high school until I met Jake.
Meeting Jake my sophomore year in college was the best thing that could have happened to me. It was the first day back from summer semester and I walk into the very last prerequisit class, theres a reason it was the last class, the dreaded Chemistry. Jake ended up being the only Freshman in the class, and of course he was assigned to be my lab partner for the semester. Long story short we fell in love and in two months we will be getting married!
"I have to go I am pulling out of work." I said just to get her off the phone. No point in telling her that I am stopping at my Grandmas if she is just going to tell me not to.
"Okay, come straight to my house. I will see you soon, drive safe. Love ya."
"Love you too, bye." I said as I click the end button on my phone. I laugh to myself thinking about how she tried to tell me not to go there. I wonder what it is she is trying to keep me from. As possibilities flow through my head at what will be at my grandma's I drive onto the highway sending me towards downtown Bay City.
My hometown, born and raised in Bay City, Michigan. I roll my eyes as I realize just how much I sound like Madonna. Saying I am born and raised in Bay City like I am happy about it. Dont get me wrong I love Bay City, but all I want to do is get on the road and travel. See all I can until I will no longer be able to do anything.
In my head I travel back to the day my life was turned on an axis. It was six years ago and I was seventeen, I was six months pregnant going in for an ultrasound when they found it. A mass on my cervix, pressing on my unborn son's spine.
"Well here we can get another picture of your healthy baby boy!" The technician says to me as she moves the sensor around in the cold jelly on my overgrown stomach. "Here we go, there are the private p-" In the middle of her sentence she cut off staring at the monitor.
"What is it? Whats wrong?" I asked in a panic thinking something was wrong with my son. I crane my neck trying to get a look at what she was seeing.When she looks at me telling me the news that I had a mass growing on my cervix pressing on my sons spine.
That week was filled with doctors offices and more tests then I thought were possible to do on one person, but i guess I was classified as two people. I smiled at the thought as I looked down rubbing my round stomach.Two weeks later I got a call from the Oncologist saying to come to his office as soon as possible. That day was the worst day of my life, the day I found out I had a malignant tumor on my cervix and also the day my son was delivered a stillborn.
I never got to hold my son. I never got to tell his dad about him. I would never see my thirtieth birthday. With that thought I am brought back into the present, thinking about how in a grand total of nine months I will be turning twenty-six, four more years. That day I was given ten years at most to live. In four years I will be dead, and I have not ever been out of Michigan.