
"All the boys are at our house" Cam said.
"Yay" I said yawning. "Well someones a little tired" Nash said.
"You try dancing for 4 hours" I said. "Bella did u get a solo this year" Cam asked. "Ya i have 3 solos, me and Krista have a duet and im in 12 groups"
"Omg kiddo thats alot" Nash said. "good job kid" Cam said.
"Guess what my lyrical solo song is" I said to Cam.
"What"? "I will alwaus love you, Im dedicating it to mom&dad" i said
"aww thats so cute" Nash said. "aw thats great kid" Cam said.
When we got to my house. Hayes hugged me.
"THERE SHIP NAME IS BAYES" Jack G yelled.
"SHUT UP" Hayes & I both laughed.
"GET IT HAYES" Matt yelled.
I rolled my eyes and sat on the couch.
"Oh my god Bella you are SO skinny" Carter said looking at me.
I was wearing my leotard so i guess i look skinny.
"Thanks" I laugjed. "I cant believe she is Hayes age she is so tiny" Jack J said. "Yeah i get that a lot" i laughed.
Hayes sat next to me on the couch and we were just talking. "Im going to get changed and get my hair out of this bun" I said getting up. "Okay" Hayss said.
I ran up to my room pulled my hair out of my bun and since it was 10:30 i pulled on my nike sweatpants and a white sugar lip tank top.
I brushed my hair out and texted Krista.
"Oh My God Krista I like Hayes" .
HAYES POV
Wow. That girl is gorgeous. Shes so tiny and adorable. I really like her, Shes so funny and sweet and kind. Shes justmy dream girl.
All the boys knew me too well and they knew that I liked her.
Bella came back down stairs and sat next to me again. I put my arm around her shoulders.
"SEE ITS BAYES" Taylor yelled"I KNEW IT WOULD HAPPEN" Nash yelled"Awwww" Cam said"USE PROTECTION" Matt said
Everyone sarted hyserical laughing. Except for me and Hayes
"Bro were 13" I said trying not to laugh. "Bella you know u want to laugh" Matt saidShe was about to laugh but shewas trying so hard
About a hour later all the older guys were talking and settling down on the other side of the living room. And Bella seemed tired. I still had my arm around her shoulders.
"Tired" i asked. "Yeah" sje yawned. "Go to sleep, ill carry you up to bed later" I said.
She snuggled close to me and she fell asleep.
Shes so cute. and with that. I fell asleep with her in my arms.
CAMS POV
"Aw look at them" Nash said pointing at Hayes and Bella.
Bella had he head on Hayes chest snd she was asleep and Hayes had his head ontop of hers and he was asleep.
"Awww" Matt said.
Taylor look a picture and posted it on twitter saying "BAYES"
"Aw there so cute" Aaron said.
"Yo its 1 Am" Jack G said. "Shit you guys just wanna sleep here" I asked all tbe guys.