
"Bella can we talk" Iheard somone knocking on my bedroom dood. "GET AWAY CAM" I yelled. Hayes woke up when I yelled. "Pleass Bella" He begged. "No Cam" I said.
"Bell I think you should let Cam talk to you" Hayes said looking at me. "Thank you Hayes" Cam said from outside the door.
"Ugh fine" I said.
Hayes kissed my cheek and walked out and Cam walked in.
I just looked at him.
"Bella im so so sorry I have so much on my plate right now and i just took it out on you. I felt so bad Belly please just hear me out" Cam said and he was in tears. "Its okay Cam" i said hugging him. "I love you Bella i never want to hurt you I want to be the clostest thing to a dad ever" He said. "You already are" I said. I sat in his lap while he held me for a few minutes.
"Wanna go downstairs" He asked?
"No you can im just going to stay up here" I said.
"Isabella, i know you hate crying infront of people but these boys are like your brothers now, so its okay to cry infront of them" Cam said.
"I know but still i hate it" i said. Next thing I know I am picked up by Cam and being carried downstairs.
When Hayes saw me his eyes lit up. He walked over to me and took me from Cam.
"Hey beautiful" he whispered into my ear. "Hi Hayzie" I said.
"MOVIE NIGHT" Matt yelled.
All the boys raced into the living room. Hayes and I sat on one of the couches, and Matt sat on the other side of the couch.
All the other guys scattered around on the couches and argued what movie to watch.
"THE CONJURING" Taylor yelled so everyone can hear.
Ugh i hate scary movies... Ill get through it though.
During all the scary parts I would hide my head in Hayes chest and he would tell me its okay.
"PIZZA'S HERE" Cam yelled. Everyone ran up to get pizza.
I gotta loose weight so im not going to eat, I thought.
"Bella want pizza"? Nash asked. "No im not hungry" I said. They all shrugged it off besides Cam. He gave me look.
We went back into the room and watched the movie.
After the movie was over it was midnight. So I was tired.
"Isabella we need to talk" Cam said. "Ok" i said. He never said Isabella unless i was in trouble or something.
We walked outside.
"Isabella why didnt u eat" Cam said. "Im not hungry" Isaid. "Bella all u ate today was an apple" He said. "I know i just wasnt hungry today" I said.
"Alright but if i see this again" He said.
I walked inside after that.
I walked back to the couch where Hayes was. "Come here" he whispered. I walked over to him.
"I wanna cuddle" he said and he sounded exhausted, it was so cute. I laid down next him and i put my head in his chest and he wrapped his strong arms around me.
"I love you Bella Faith" he whispered. "I love you too hayes" I said. We both fell asleep.
*HAYES POV*
I woke up to a flash in my eyes. Matt took a picture of me and Bella sleeping. I looked on twitter and I saw Bella was getting hate.