
_____2014, Mayday_____
The smell of bacon greeted my nose as my alarm started screaming. I gave a groan and smacked at the stupid thing, causing it to fall from my nightstand. Which caused me to reach for it as it was still going off like a banshee. Which caused me to fall and smack my head on the floor.
Not a good start to my day. I threw on some socks and a sweater. My room was the warmest in my house, yet it was cold. Damn Minnesota winters.
"Breakfast!" My Dad shouted down the hall. I prepared myself for the cold outside before rushing out the door. A wave of freezing air almost froze me.
"Why do we live in the coldest place God created?" I groaned.
Utterly ignoring me, he poked my side and said,"How does it feel to be sixteen, Sam?" When I stared at him blankly, he laughed. "It's the day you were born!" How could have I forgotten?!
"Whoop whoop! It feels awesome!" I crowed.
"Happy birthday, honey. Up for bacon and eggs?"
"Well... I guess.." I drawled sarcastically before practically shoving him out of the way to get to my food.
I shoveled egg into my mouth with gusto. Mm. The bacon was perfect. Greasy and crunchy and delicious.
"Schools canceled, by the way! Some kind of military thing." Dad smiled kindly at me from our small kitchen.
"That's weird. We were supposed to have a test in Spanish today." He shrugged and took a little box out of his pocket.
"Here." He handed me the little parcel, which was surprisingly heavy. It was wrapped in newspaper, his form of wrapping paper. I eagerly tore the paper off to reveal an old leather sheath. A glint of well-polished metal winked at me from the case. Was it..?
"It's your great-great-grandfathers. It's been passed down from generation to generation ever since it saved Samuel Emzi." I pulled out the old Bowie knife. It had rested in a case for as long as I could recall.
"Thanks, Dad. It means a lot." I whispered. He just gave me a smile and hugged me.
_____Noon, Mayday_____
I snuggled deep into my couch, wrapping my blanket tighter around my shoulders. The winter chill had begun seeping into me, even through my fortress of cloth. My Dad had gone to his job, he worked at a logging company.
"Why is there nothing on? It's midday for heavens sake!" I glared at the TV, as if that would get a show to come on. We got a total of three channels; the news, cooking, and BBC. The cooking channel was useless, Dad and me couldn't cook. BBC was showing infomercials, and the news was showing a story of a lost kitten.
Munching on my old Halloween candy and trying to feel sorry for the stupid lost kitten I somehow drifted asleep. My nap was light and dreamless. So light, that when the TV started blaring and beeping, I was on my feet in seconds.
"This an emergency broadcast! A missile is incoming! This is not a drill! Evac mandatory!" It screeched over and over. My eyes widened. Missile? Panic stopped my thought process. Missile?
The logical side of me kicked in, pushing me into action. I snatched my Dad's hiking pack and headed for the kitchen. Food. Water. Knife. Winter gear. Phone. I grabbed everything I might need, almost forgetting matches. Changing into warmer clothes, I was about to walk out the door when an earth shattering BOOM! threw me to the ground. The windows shook in their frames. My ears ringing, I shot outside.
The street was crowded with panicked people and overloaded cars. Baby's screamed and people yelled. I spotted soldiers helping people in big trucks.