
(A clear and starry she-cat with white markings and amber eyes looks over at you and smiles)
Me: hi, there! (smiles and pads over) I'm Oakspirit, welcome to my ask or dare book!
FireWolf: you're doing great, Oakspirit!
Me: (sighs) Yes, I am a cat. Yes, I am a spirit, my brother was evil and he killed me. (smiles softly) he's in the dark forest now, where he can't hurt no one anymore.
FireWolf: that's deep. So, if you don't mind me asking, do you have...a special someone?
(A pale gray tom with dark gray markings and blazing sun-like, Amber eyes pads over)
Sunstar: that would be me.
Me: Sunstar! (Purrs happily)
Sunstar: (Nuzzles me and smiles) how's my favorite Skyclan deputy doing?
Me: (laughs) I'm Skyclan's only deputy! (Sunstar laughs with me, and his voice is so beautiful...it's like hearing an angel laugh, and I am the Angel in this case...but you get my point...right?)
FireWolf: (chuckles) you two are cute, even for cats. (Smiles) but I think Sebastian is a better way to go.
Me: (gasps) hah! (My amber, sun-like eyes start to blaze like fire with fury) You take that BACK!
Sunstar: (gasps and blocks me) Woah, Woah, Woah! (Stares into my eyes) don't get worked up. Just remember you love me, and that I love you, and everything will be fine. I love you Oakspirit, and one day, I do indeed wish to have kits with you.
Me: (eyes widen as he gasps)
Sunstar: (gasps) I wasn't supposed to let that slip! Oh Mousedung! (His claws came out as he layed down and glared at the floor) ugh...what am I doing...?
Me: (smiles) well, Sunstar, you're amusing me, and making me love you even more.
Sunstar: (looks up, confused) huh? What do you-...?
Me: I mean...I'd be more than happy to have kits with you, dear. (Purrs)
Sunstar: (smiles) that's great!
Me: (looks down, going deep into thought) but Firestar...he warned me of an enemy close by...the scent was familiar...but I can't remember what animal or thing it belonged to...
(Sunstar notices my eyes become clouded with worry, he looks to me, worried as well, and touches his nose to mine)
FireWolf: we gonna kick this thing off or not...?!
Me: (growls)
Sunstar: (nuzzles me, then looks to you) we will. Actually, I will. Remeber to comment, vote, share, and follow my mate!
Me and Sunstar: (muzzle each other and purr) bye guys!
FireWolf: ugh... (walks away and mutters) they're too clingy. But maybe... Maybe I can arrange something to separate them. (Smiles) Just maybe...