
Me: hey guys, we got a dare from Sandwhichauthor! Its for me and Sunstar...uh oh... (swallows nervously)
Okay....I dare you to swim in the lake, then go on a hunt. Not a simple hunt, but a rabbit hunt.
Sunstar: (Glares) I treat all cats like they're meant to be treated, but I seriously hate you, Cougarheart. (Sandwhichauthor)
Me: (walks out to a lake) I'm Skyclan and Windclan...I don't swim...
Sunstar: (smiles, then sighs) well I'm Skyclan and Riverclan, I don't hunt rabbits!
Me: oh well, it's a dare! (runs and jumps in, then starts to drown) AHHH! This was a bad IDEA!
Sunstar: (snickers, then gasps) OH! The kits!
Me: Sunstar don't let me drown! The kits will never make it!
Sunstar: (plunges into the water and starts paddling to me, and he helps me swim across the lake. He sets me on the shore, smiling)
Me: (shakes my soaking wet fur, then sighs) thank you, Sunstar.
Sunstar: you're welcome, Oakspirit. I suggest we take a break before hunting, you look like you're going to start kitting.
Me: well yeah of course I- (gasps in pain, Sunstar looks to me as I cry) Sunstar! They're coming! (Cries out) I need a thick stick, something to bite down on!
Sunstar: (runs off to find a thick branch)
Me: (lays on my side, then hears a noise that makes me tense. I look up, and I see a badger stalking towards me, I gasp) Oh Sunstar, please hurry...!
Firestar: (appears beside me) you're doing fine, Oakspirit. Just keep breathing. I'll handle the badger.
Me: thanks Firestar! (Gasps in pain) I need a medicine cat!
(I gasp as he leads the badger away from me, just as Sunstar returns with a stick. I grab it, and begin kitting)
(Time skip twenty minutes later)
(I am laying in a makeshift nest with three kits, a pale Brown tom with white patches; a white she kit with ginger markings like mine, but with black ear tips and freckles; and a pale gray tom with dark gray markings)
Sunstar: (walks over, smiling) they're beautiful! What will we name them?
Me: I was thinking Cloudkit for the pale Brown tom with white patches, Thistlekit for the pale gray tom with gray markings, and...for the white she kit with ginger and black markings...
Sunstar: How about...Emberkit?
Me: that's perfect. Lets not forget the rest of our dare, dear.
Sunstar: I don't hunt in clan territory, but I know rabbits are around this area. I'll get you some food so you can feed our kits. (Walks off to Skyclan's hunting grounds)
Me: I hope he knows what he's doing...(smiles) anyways, thank you for the traumatic dare, Sandwhichauthor, but I'm afraid I won't be taking part in the next one. Sorry. (Smiles and waves) bye!