
Im packing up all my stuff to go live with all the boys. My brother said it will be better for us because we will be able to take better care of me with the help of the boys. I get wheres hes coming from. It must be really tough on him. But this is where i grew up, This is wjere all my memories with my mom&dad are. Cam knows that i am kind of upset about it but i know that this is what is best for me.
I finshed packing all my cloths and shoes and now i just needed to get the decorations in my room down.
HAYES POV
"NASH" I yelled.
"WHAT HAYES" He yelled. "I NEED TO TALK TO U" I yelled
Nash walked into my room. "Listen i want to ask Bella out"
"Finally, But i want you to know, that girl has been through& is going through a lot, so please dont fuck this up" Nash said.
"I wont... I love her" i said shyly.
"Aww Hayes ur too cute"
"How should I do it" I asked
"i got the best idea" Nash said
BELLAS POV
"B come downstairs" Cam said.
I walked down stairs to see Nash & Cam.
"Im taking u somewhere" Nash said.
"Where"? I asked... "Just come with me" He said. I looked at Cam and he nodded.
So i went into Nash's car.I look cute today.
Im wearing High waisted white shorts and a flowy tank top crop top.
We drove to the beach and Nash said "Get out""What do u mean get out" I asked. "Trust me here B just walk to the sand and you will see" He said. i shrugged my shoulders and started walking.
When I got to the sand I saw Hayes with a rose in his hand. I walked up to him.
"Isabella Faith Dallas, The moment i layed eyes on you i knew that i was in love, your the most beautiful girl i have ever seen. When I first met you you were so funny and adorable. Your so tiny and cute and i just love you so much... will you be my girlfriend" He asked.He was so Nervous.
"Yes Hayes, I love you too" I said. He pulled me into a hug.
"Wanna walk" He asked. "yeah" i said.
"Hayes your eyes are perfect" I said looking into them. "not as perfect as you" he said which made me blush.
Hayes and I talked for a while and found out that it was 9 oclock already. We are leaving tomorrow.
"Bella im so happy that all the boys and me get tp move in with you. We are going to have the best time" Hayes said looking into my eyes
"I cant wait either, its going to be amazing" I said.
Hayes grabbed my hand again and we started walking up to the parking lot where Nash was going to meet us.
"BAYES IS REAL" Matt yelled from Nash's car."Yes it is" Hayes said.
We got into the car and drove back to my house. Of course. Who else is there but all the guys.
Me & Hayes walk in hand in hand and all the guys "aw".
"Yall ready for tomorrow" Jack G said. "HELL YEAH" Jack J said. "Cant wait" Hayes said. "I gotta finish packing" I said.
I ran upstairs with Hayes and he helped me pack my last things into boxes.
I laid down on the couch since my bed is in the new house.
"Did you and Hayes kiss yet" Matt asked. He was the only one left. "Nope" I said. "Really" He said in shock. "Wow im surprised" He said. I just laughed.
Matt left a few minutes later and Cam came down and laid next to me on the couch. I soon fell asleep waiting for moving day