
The first day I have been waiting for this day since like the beginning of the summer. I've been planning my outfit for literally days now.I'm literally staring at it right now (white low top Air Force ones/tight medium colored jeans/adidas jacket/ black stripes tee) This might sound vain but I had to have the PERFECT outfit I wanted to look confident but not cocky, sure of my self but not narcissistic, Fabulous not pompous and most of all FIERCE. Though I want to look as cute as possible I also want to do good in school and hopefully get all A's and I also want to try out for drama club! I'm literally so excited right now oh my GOSH. "Rashad come we have to go"!"I'm coming mom"! "I run outside towards the car and got in along with my fabulous Louis Vuitton backpack currently praying to our savior that I don't get mugged. While I'm sitting in the car I'm listening to music, "Two Weeks" by fka twigs to be exact and my mom is trying to make conversation. Mom:aren't you excited for high school"?Me: Kind ofMom:Why kind of?Me: Cause' it's probably really crowded and most of these kids I went to school with last year are really annoyingMom:you'll be fineMe: I sure hope soWe finally pull up to our destination and I take one good look out the window reading at the top "Muncie central high school" I finally get out of the car and walk in the school. This is it oh my fucking I think I might DIE. This school is FREAKING huge what the fuck. When I walk in I see familiar faces from 8th grade and I finally see my friends. First there's Inezz she's African American with black curly hair which she usually wears in a ponytail with usually ends up being a puff ball but since it's the first day of school her hair is straightend. She's friendly and ghetto , but she's a really good friend ,and then theirs Luiz he's Mexican-American with a faux hawk his hair literally feels like paper oh my gosh it's so weird I love touching it.He's nice and kind of nerdy and friendly and he's also a good friend and one of the only guy friends that I have , then theirs Jaylee she's well a white girl with brown hair and she's really short and she's really girly and she owns a lot of black clothes to be honest she's also really nice and outgoing, and last but not least Gailin ,He is bi-racial (mixed) what ever you wanna call it he usually wears his hair in a mini Afro , he's the average straight boy of the group , but he's also a good friend and also very accepting of my sexuality which is something I can't say about a lot of guys. Anyways after talking with my friends I finally see my other friends they are in 10th grade theirs Imani she's African-American with curly hair and she's really nice unless you piss her off, then there's breanne the curly haired openly lesbian tomboy or "stud". She has been my friend for a big whopping 5 years. Rashad: Hey guysBreanne: hey Imani: hey shady boy!!Imani and Bre:you look cute Me:thanks you tooMe: Omg what if I see austinBreanne: Oh my god look is over thereMe:Oh my god really Me:Oh my god he's coming towards usAustin: hey Rashad how you doingMe: I'm doing goodAustin: you look great!Me: thanks Austin: you should text me *gives number*Me:Ok I will*austin leaves*Breanne: oh my god did he really give you his number?!Me: I know right I wasn't expected thatBreanne: are you really gonna text himMe: I don't know!!Imani: How do you guys know each other Bre: well he was skateboarding one day and-Imani:No him and Austin i know that story.Me: oh that's a long story w'ell tell you layer*bell rings*1st periodBiology 1I sat in the back of course and the Teacher have us syllabuses and stuff which I kept obvi.2nd PeriodSpanish 1I still sat in the back Same as first 3rd period Algebra 1Same as 1 and 2nd4th periodI made a new friend we have so much in common omg she loves tyler the creator and friends.Lunch I sat with Gailin, Luiz,Inezz,and Jaylee5th period English 1I made friends with a really cute boy6th period Introduction to fashion and textilesThere is a really cute boy in this class7th periodPEI hate this class already and it's the first day Dismissal finally!!!