
I was going to kill my sister.
I woke up to the sound of One Direction. Like I have been for the past five years of my life. Half asleep, I began groping over the side of my bed until I grabbed the object nearest to me. I think it was a shoe. Perfect. And with all the strength my skinny arms could manage, I threw the could-be-shoe at the wall. Mom and Dad wouldn't appreciate the act but it was necessary to get my sister's attention.
"Hannah! For the love of God, turn your music off!" I yelled before covering my ears with my pillow. This is the third time this week that she has woken me up earlier than I wanted. Hannah didn't reply and a moment later I heard the volume increase. What a little bitch.
Letting out a frustrated scream, I leaped out of bed and stormed down the hallway to my sister's room which, for the record, looked as if a tornado had come through and destroyed. It looked more like a messy shrine dedicated to the British band than a bedroom. Even Hannah's bed sheets featured the five boys faces.
The second I stepped into the 1D temple, I immediately tripped and face planted onto the floor. "Are you kidding me?" I gritted out, kicking the Louis Tomlinson doll that made me fall. I heard Hannah laughing over the deafening music and wanted nothing more than to slap her smug little face. I groaned before lifting myself off of the carpeted floor. Looking to my left I noticed the large stereo that homed Hannah's iPhone, the source of my initial anger. It sat on a shelf piled precariously high with One Direction merchandise.
In a flash I plucked the phone off of the dock. The room became unnervingly silent as Hannah and I stared at each other, the phone in my hand. Then before she could say anything, I dashed out of Hannah's messy room.
"Whitney! Give it back!" I heard her scramble behind me. Running as fast as I could, I made it to the end of the hallway, where the bathroom sat. Whipping inside, I shut the door and locked it just as Hannah reached the other side.
"Whitney, open the door. Give me my phone," Hannah commanded, slamming her fist on the wood.
"No can do, sister. You see, some people enjoy sleeping in past five AM. Not everyone wants to stay 'up all night and jump around until they see the sun.'," I replied, quoting the song she was just blasting. I looked down at the phone, which of course was coated in a case picturing the boys all standing next to each other with small smiles on their faces.
"We have to get up at six anyways! I did you a favor by waking you up earlier!" She whined, "give me my phone!" She banged on the door.
"No." Bang.
"Yes!" Bang.
"No." Bang.
Bang! Bang! Bang! "Stop acting like a five year old! You're eighteen! Just be mature and give me back my phone!" I looked in the mirror in front of me, noting my lifeless hair and puffy eyes. Maybe a shower is a good idea. I rolled my eyes as Hannah's knocking became more persistent.
"Open the door! I'll get mom!"
"Do it!" I taunted, "Anyways, now that I'm up I think I'll take a shower. So thank you for your kind wake up call, and your phone and I will see you in thirty minutes," I smiled in victory before turning on the water. Hannah groaned, slamming her bedroom door as she went back to finish packing. If she was thinking straight she would have packed the night before so that she could relax this morning.
I stripped out of my night clothes before brushing my teeth. Mid brush, an idea came to me. I quickly unlocked my sisters phone and downloaded an album that she would rather die than listen to. Hooking the phone up to the bathroom's stereo, I turned it all the way up before selecting the first song off of the playlist.