
Shaking my head to rid my mind of those thoughts I turn onto my Grandma's street. The street I grew up on. Hard to believe it was twenty years ago when my brother and I were left at her doorstep. Our parents were drug addicts, and decided one day to overdose on heroin together. I thank God everyday they chose to drop us off in the middle of the night on Grandma's doorstep where I was found sitting on Herbert, my brothers, lap as he rocked me back to sleep. It is funny how an eight year old was more capable taking care of a six year old better than two thirty year olds.
As I make it to Grandma's house I stomp on the brakes at the scene in front of me. I see Grandma outside looking at her flowers I have kept up for her over the past few months. She keeps leaning forward in her wheelchair to smell the roses and lavender planted there. I see her lean her head back laughing at something the man pushing her said. I can feel a smile form on my face and tears well up in my eyes as I take in the happiness I see on her face. As soon as it appeared I wipe the smile and tears off my face and look at the man. He is just as I saw him last, like nothing has changed all these years. He is tall, just over six feet, with short brown hair that looks gold in the sunlight. I see his shoulders move up and down as he laughs along with Grandma.
I take a deep breath composing myself as I step out of my car. My phone decides at that moment to blare Talia's ringtone. I rummage through my purse trying to find my phone, finally.
"Yes Talia?" I say as I answer the phone call.
"Where the Hell are you?" She asks I can hear the worry and nervousness in her voice.
"Where do you think?" I hear her take a long breath and let it out loudly over the the phone.
"So you saw then?" She asks rhetorically.
"Yeah, I saw. He looks good, happy." I say referring to the man that is now turning my grandma to look at me. As they turn I take in a surprised breath as I look at his face. Oh, I was always a sucker for that face. That gorgeous jaw bone, the chiseled features. Oh no. No, no no, dont do that. Shit, he smiled those straight perfectly white teeth gleam in the sunlight. I swear if I was any closer I would have gone blind.
"Ally? Ally? Damnit, I am on my way." I hear Talia screaming from my forgotten phone. I mentally shake myself looking away from him to continue my conversation.
"No dont do that there is no need. All I am going to do is get everything ready for her in the house then leave." I can just vision her shaking her head at my last sentence. "Look I gotta go. I will call you when I leave I promise. Oh and code pink.' I say as I end the conversation. Code pink is our secret message to each other saved for moments like these. If you see an ex or you are on a date, in half an hour we call each other with an "urgent" matter that requires us to leave immediately.
Looking up at the trees above me I take another deep breath and turn around. The entire two minute walk to Grandma I mentally brace myself for what is to come. I plaster a smile on my face and kneel down to Grandma's level.
"Hey Grandma, I see you have made it to see the flowers today." I say kissing her cheek.
"Oh, you have done well. I have raised you to have a magnificent green thumb." She says placing her hand on my cheek. "too bad you never take me out here when you visit." she smacks me playfully on the cheek. I hear a deep rumbling laugh. Shit, I forgot he was here. Closing my eyes for a breif second I straighten up and look at the man standing next to me.
"How are you?" I ask after a long uncomfortable minute of us just looking at eachother.
"I'm good Ally, you look great." He says looking honest. I tuck a piece of my hair behind my ear as I look down at my shoes.