
"Chaz, what was that all about?" I ask after a few moments of stifeling silence. he doesnt reply. I walk over to him and put my hand on his shoulder. "Chaz?' I barely get his name out of my mouth before he turns around and smashes his lips on mine. I was so surprised I couldnt do anything but stare at him as he kept his lips on mine. This was my first kiss, from anyone, let alone him. The boy I have been in love with since all those years ago when he would sneak into my room. Finally I close my eyes and relax into the kiss.
He begins to slowly move his mouth against mine, and I let him. The kiss turns from slow to feaverish quickly. I wrap my arms around his neck to deepen the kiss, as he traces my lips with his tounge asking for entrance. I give in too willingly. I moan into his mouth as our tongues wrestle against eachother. His hands are all over my body, until he gets under my shirt. He pulls away and leans his forehead against mine.
"Why did you stop?" I ask looking into his eyes.
"I don't know how long I can control myself anymore. No, I can't do this because I know I dont want to control my self. You make me so crazy. I dont know when it started but I know I cant go back now I am in too deep."
"What do you mean?" I ask. He is talking gibberish to me, my mind cant comprehend what he is saying I am still frazzeled from the kiss we just shared.
"I mean, fuck, I dont know what I mean. I grew up with you being the one to always be there like a sister I never had." Well that was a slap to the face, I said to myself. "God, I dont want to hurt you anymore then I already have, I dont want to do anything that might risk our friendship." At that point I realize what he is saying. He doesnt want me that way because I am like a sister to him. I feel tears well up in my eyes as I turn my head away from him to look at the crowd outside.
"Ally, look at me please." I turn my head to look at him straight on. I want to tell him. No, I have to tell him. He has to know and no longer will I be the shy girl that acts as his bestfriend. It is time I get what I want for a change. "Shit, I didnt mean to make you cry." I push him until his back hits the wall.
"It is time you listen to me Chaz Douglas." His eyes widen when I use his middle name. The only time I have done that is when he pisses me off. "You no longer get to say what you want. I have gone through this for years. Like the time you wanted your space after your dad left. I was there when you were ready, which may I add was two years of waiting on my part. The I had to sit there with you on your dates with all those girls throughout high school. And now here you are kissing me. What do you want? huh? No, you know what I dont care what you want anymore. It is time you know what I want." I breath heavily as I end my rant, he is just looking at me. I take a deep breath then kiss him. Everything is a blur all I can think about is kissing him and wanting more, no, all of him. It is time I staked my claim on him that he is mine. That I love him, and no one is taking what is mine from me. I cant feel his hard abs as I run my hands up his shirt, I moan into our kiss as I feel his muscles twitch under my fingertips.
I grab the hem of his shirt in my hands and we pull away from the kiss long enough to get his shirt off. he grabs onto my hands to stop the trail towards his belt.
"What do you want?" He asks breathless.
"What?" Why does he have to do this know? why cant he just be with me? He takes a deep breath closes his eyes.
"I want you to say it, tell me how you feel. At this moment you... I cant tell if we are thinking the same thing or not. Just tell me how you feel." He says after his eyes open.