
Sunstar: (screams out) Oakspirit, HELP!
Me: (hears the cry, waking from a dead sleep) huh?! What?! (Looks around, worriedly) what the-?!
(I walk outside to see you with a Fox trap, and another cat, Tigerstar. Sunstar is caught in a Fox trap, and is about to lose a life)
Me: Gah! Sunstar! Hang on, I'm coming!
(I run over to him, and start digging up the wooden stake holding the Fox trap down)
Me: I got you! (Loosens the wire and pulls it off Sunstar's neck) there! Stay still, let me patch up the wound. (Grabs cobwebs and presses them to the wound) there...now... (turns to Tigerstar) what are YOU doing here?!
Tigerstar: (smiles) I want to make your mate suffer. I'm going to take away everything precious to him, (his Amber eyes narrow as they land on me) starting with his mate and unborn kits...
Me: (growls) your dreaming if you ever think that's gonna happen!
Sunstar: (gasps) you're expecting?!
Me: I didn't want to tell you until I thought you were ready! (ears flatten as I start to cry) I'm sorry!
Sunstar: (gets up, and looks at me) we'll figure this out, I promise.
(I can't help but feel bad, Tigerstar sneers at me) oh no...did I hurt your feelings? (Smiles evily) Mapleshade, Hawkfrost! Take care of them.
Hawkfrost and Mapleshade: (growl as Tigerstar leaves. They crouch, unsheathing their thorn-sharp claws) you got it!
Sunstar: (looks to me with fear in his eyes) Oakspirit, head for Skyclan! Tell them everything! (Unsheaths claws, and starts fighting both Hawkfrost and Mapleshade)
Me: oh Starclan help him! (I cry while running to the camp, I hear a cry and see Hawkfrost strike Sunstar down, I gasp) NO!
(Tears form in my eyes as I become mortal, and Firestar comes down from Starclan to help fight)
Firestar: Tigerstar, Hawkfrost, Mapleshade! (Blocks them from Sunstar) leave him alone! (Growls)
Sunstar: (gasps in shock) Firestar? What are you doing here?!
Me: he came to help! So did I! (Slashes Mapleshade's face, blinding her in one eye) take THAT! (Smiles and begins attacking Hawkfrost)
Firestar and Sunstar: (stare in shock while they watch me work) oh...my...Starclan...
Hawkfrost: Tigerstar, she's not backing down! We have to retreat!
(He runs off with Mapleshade, Tigerstar looks to me)
Tigerstar: this isn't the last time we will meet, Oakspirit. (Snarls, and turns away, stalking after his cowardly henchmen)
Firestar: (looks to me) what...was THAT? How we're you able to turn mortal, then fight like that?!
Me: the kits...I can't be in spirit form with unborn kits...so I had to change. And I was fighting for them. (Smiles)
Sunstar: (walks up to me, slowly, and nuzzles me, purring)
Firestar: (smiles) you're mates. Now this makes sense. (Sighs) FireWolf arranged for Tigerstar to kill Sunstar, and his back up was to go after you, Oakspirit.
Me: (gasps) no way...but...WHY?! I'm nothing special! I'm just an ordinary she cat!
Sunstar: (speaks with a ragged voice) not to me.
Firestar: Sunstar knows you're having his kits, so he wanted to protect you, but Tigerstar was persistent. He wanted you and the kits dead. I still can't figure out why.
Me: (nods in understanding) well guys...that's it for this chapter...comment, vote, share, and-
Sunstar: (speaks in a raspy voice)Follow my mate!
Me: they don't have to follow, but YOU need to rest. You shouldn't even be talking! (Growls sternly and touches noses with him as Firestar leaves)
Sunstar: ugh! (sighs) fine...but only for you, Oakspirit.