
"He suffocated himself with a plastic bag two years ago. He was 3."
Her eyes widened and I was suddenly pulled into a hug. Being the awkward person I am, my hands just hung by my side.
"I am so so sorry for asking."
"It's fine. It happened a few years ago, I'm over it."
She nodded against me, giving me a quick squeeze before letting me go.
"So what do you do in your free time?" She changed the subject as we walked into the classroom.
I took my normal seat, and she sat down next to me.
"Mostly read."
"What kind of stories do you read?"
"Promise not to judge?"
"Uh... sure."
"I uh- I read stories about wolves and werewolves..."
An amused glint reached her eye. "Cool."
Oh God she was going to laugh at me wasn't she.
"I prefer stories about Demons, to be honest."
I laughed at this, causing the twinkle in her eye to brighten.
"Wait, you said you just started today, right?"
She bit her lip. "I didn't actually start today."
"Okay I was wondering why you would be coming in on the last day for a week. So, why did you need help finding this class?"
Wendy sighed. "You didn't seem like you had a lot of friends, and I mostly definitely didn't have any, and I saw you in the class before, always by yourself, so I asked so we could possibly start up a conversation."
I grinned at this.
She grinned back.
The teacher then walked in, and started up the class.
---
"Hey Alex, do you want to hang out anytime over break?"
I turned around and smiled at Wendy. "Sure. What day?"
She thought for a second. "Tuesday?"
I frowned. "I can't Tuesday, I'm visiting my Aunt. Monday?"
"Okay sure!" She smiled at me.
We had exchanged numbers during class so I told her that I would text her later and headed off to my house.
I was right when I told my mom that there was nothing important going on in school today. Although I am kind of glad I went because I now have a friend.
I hadn't told Wendy that Monday was my 16th birthday because I didn't want her to do anything for me, especially because we just became friends. Besides, it wasn't a big deal.
I just came another year towards death. What's so cool about that? Because believe me, I don't really want to die, I have to many books I need to read.
Mom was waiting for me when I got home.
"I got a call from your school today."
That's never good.
I didn't reply and waited for her to continue.
"Did you really have to sass Mr. Foran?"
I shrugged.
She sighed and shook her head. "Just go to your room."