
Fine with me.
I made my way to my room and put my backpack in my closet.
For an entire week I wouldn't have to lug that stupid thing around. Finally.
The rest of the night was filled with me reading, as usual, and then sleeping.
---
I brought my brown hair up into a high pony, to lazy to actually do anything with it.
Then again, I was always to lazy to tame the beast that was my hair.
"Alexandria, I'm going grocery shopping. Do you want anything?"
Mom peeped her head in my bedroom. Last night she eventually caved and 'let me out of my room.' Even though I was completely fine staying in my room the entire night.
I clicked my retainer out of place with my tongue before replacing it.
It was this bad habit that I had, but knowing it was bad didn't stop me from doing it.
"Can you get me another Cinnamon Apple Candle? Mines almost completely burned out."
"Sure. Anything else?"
"Actually, can you drop me off at Marshall's?"
"Why?"
"I want to get a few things from there."
She sighed and nodded. "Sure. You have five minutes to get in the car."
Five minutes meant ten because my mom was never on time.
"Okay." I smiled at her. She smiled back before closing my door.
I changed out of my pajamas and pulled on a hoodie and sweatpants.
I was to lazy right now to try and go through yanking on skinny jeans.
Maybe I would later. Maybe I wouldn't. Who knew?
I slipped on some converse and walked into the garage.
Mom wasn't in the car yet, even though it had already been five minutes.
I laughed a bit to myself, knowing that should would be a few more minutes.
To my surprise, three seconds later, she walked into the garage.
"Good, you're ready."
I rolled my eyes jokingly and pulled a the car door.
She huffed and unlocked the car before getting in on her side.
I got in and buckled up quickly, and Mom started the car.
We pulled out of the driveway and started the journey to the store area.
Mom pulled up right in front of Marshall's.
"Get out of me car."
I groaned. "Mom. Don't."
She just laughed. "Go on, get."
I huffed and got out of her car.
Because I didn't have a wallet, my money was in my phone case. And I always had my phone with me so I never had to worry about not having money.
Marshall's was fairly empty when I walked in. There was only a few people walking around. Most of them in the Junior Girl's section. A few were in the cash register line.
I walked to the back of the store where all the knick-knacks were.