
-Blairs POV-
I heard my dad walk in.
"BLAIR GET DOWN HERE," he screamed at me. I got up from my bed and walked downstairs. He glared at me.
"Do the dishes," he said and he slapped me.
"Yes sir," I said softly walking to the kitchen. I start scrubbing. Here's a good time to explain myself. My name is Blair. My parents died in a accident. I'm sixteen. I have secret powers. My foster parents abuse me. Whenever they had a bad day at work, they came home and took it out on me. Which was basically everyday. I stay strong though. The only time I get worried is when my dad comes home drunk. He does some really bad stuff then. I usually leave the house then. I reached for the purple amulet around my neck. I have had it since birth but I never knew why. My parents just told me to always keep it with me. Now about those powers. I can control the elements which are earth, water, fire, and air. I can also control frost. My other powers include shape shifting, telepathy, and telekinesis. I am also a mermaid. Sorry it sounds so childish but it is actually really serious. There is a lot you don't know about us. I finished the dishes and went back to my room. My dad was sitting on the couch.
"Hey come here," he said. I walked up to him and waited for my slap. I felt it and then turned around and went to my room. Usually he did that. So did my mom. They did it for fun. Whenever they see me I just get a slap, or a punch, or a shove. I spent all of my time in my room if I didn't have chores. I heard my mom come in. She walked into my room.
"This is for being a terrible child," she said and she punched me. She walked out and I went to my mirror. I had gotten a bloody nose. I quickly cleaned it up and went to the kitchen to make dinner. After I made it I set it on the table and went back to my room. Soon after my dad came in with my dinner. I always got the leftovers. I ate my small amount of food then went to sleep. This was a normal day for me.----------------------Hey people's! Hope you enjoyed me first chappie! Srry it's so short. But still. Intros r short. Da girls got secret powers! And she's a mermaid! Ok so i know mermaids are for children but I just wanted to turn something for children into a story that is for all ages. I just wanted to add something magical into the story. Sorry. I will try to keep it simple. Btw I know team crafted is separated but they r still together. DEAL WITH IT. ITS MAH STORY. U DONT LIKE IT THEN LEAVE. Love ya tho.
Cya peeps!
Love ya Libs! (My new catchphrase. I have a friend named Libby and I know she is reading this. IM WATCHING U LIBBSTER! Love ya tho. U changed mah life bestie! Ok I shut up)
Heather Out!