
Quick note; I have never written a werewolf story before so please don't blame me for the shittiness. Also picture is of Alexandria's shirt
Chapter 1;
"Alexandria! You're going to be late for school!" Mom yelled.
"I don't see what the big deal is. It's the last day until Spring Break. Nothing important is going to happen." I replied, walking out of my room and towards her.
As usual, I was dressed in black skinny jeans, converse and a shirt with a wolf on it.
"Not that shirt again." She groaned.
I looked down at the one I was wearing. It was just a wolf snarling, what was the big deal? "What's wrong with it?"
She just shook her head and gestured for me to pick up my bag. I grabbed my backpack, which was of course black, and walked out the door.
"Goodbye dearest mother! I'll see you once I escape hell!"
"Just get your ass to school!"
I laughed and started my journey to school.
Also known as the fiery pits of hell. I was Satan there though, so it was pretty cool.
To explain, I mean that most students there hate my guts. And are fearful of me (well except for a few snotty bitches) so my nickname is Satan.
And because I hate school, I call it Hell.
---
"Ms. Greybeck, if you have 237 apples, and your friend wants 142, how many would you have left?"
Why the hell would I have 237 apples? Also, this is high school, not 4th grade. What's with the question?
"237, obviously."
"What if they forcefully take them?"
"Then I would kick them until I got them back. Simple."
Mr. Foran groaned and shook his head, moving on to ask another student a question.
For God's sake would he shut up?
I pulled out my phone, not caring if I would get in trouble, and clicked on the Wattpad App.
Clicking on the first Werewolf story I could find, I started to read.
---
"Excuse me!"
I turned around to see a short girl, probably my age, run up to me. She had blonde hair and what looked like silver eyes.
"Dude, your eyes are freaking awesome." I stated.
She blushed. "Thanks! Do you know where room 34 is?"
"I was actually just heading there so you can follow me." I smiled at her, causing her to smile back.
As we walked, we talked.
I found out her name was Wendy. She had been homeschooled practically all of her life until she managed to convince her parents to let her come to actual school this year.
She had turned 16 about 3 months ago, meaning that she was slightly older then me.
Wendy had two siblings, a brother and a sister. Both were older.
"So what about you? Any siblings?"
"I had a little brother."
"Had?" She looked at my confused.