
"BELLA WAKE UP" Cameron yelled from downstairs.
Hi im Isabella... Bella for short. Im Cameron Dallas's little sister.
"YOUR MEETING THE BOYS TODAY"
This is my 1st week being raised by Cam. My parents both died and they gave custody to Cameron. We have another brother named Tyler but he is away at collage.
I jumped out of bed I was finally meeting the boys today. I already knew Nash because Nash and Cam were best friendss. Nash was like an older brother to me.
I pulled on a pair of skinny jeans and a flowy tank top crop top. I brushed my natural straight hair and put on a little makeup.
I ran down stairs into my big brothers arms. "Good morning Cam" i said. "Morning cutie" he laughed at me.
Cam and I were REALLY close. He was likemy best friend. even though we have. 9 year age difference we are closer than anything.
"Ready shorty" he asked. Everyone calls me shorty.
Im 4'10 and im 13 years old. Im pretty small.
I sat in the car and Cam drove. I was so excited to meet everyone. Especially Hayes. Hes really hot and he is my age.
We pull up to a house and Cam gets out of the car. I jump out behind him and walk up to the house.
"BELLA GIRL I MISSED YOU" Nash yelled amd picked me up.
"NASHY I MISSED YOU" i hugged him back.
He put me down and i was surrounded by boys around 17-20 years old. "Guys this is my little sister Bella... Bella this is, Matt, Jack J, Jack G, Taylor, Shawn, Carter, Aaron and Hayes" Cam said.
"Okay im gunna need some time with that" I laughed.
"Bella how old are you" Aaron asked.
"Im 13" I said. "Aw your so small" Jack G said.
"I know" I laughed. "Hayes is 13 too" Matt said winking.
Hayes looked up "Hey im Hayes" He smiled. "Hi" I said.
I sat down and hung out with the boys. They are SO much fun.
"Bell, its 5 you need to be at dance at 6 we have to get going" Cam said. "Ya i know ready" I said.
"Bye guys it was fun meeting you all" I said. "Bye Bella" everyone said. "Bye Bella" Hayes said. "Bye Hayes"
I think me and Hayes hit it off. Hes so funny and sweet and hes sooo hot.
"Dose Bella have a little crush on Hayess" Cam said when we sat in the car.
"No Cam shut up" I was blushing and I knew it.
"AWWWWWWWW" He said.
I ran inside pulled on my pink tights and my leotard. Pulled my hair into a ballerina bun and put in my white bow.
I am a HUGE dancer.
Its the beginning of competition season and my dance teacher was givinv out parts.
I got 3 solos, a duet with my best friend, and im in 12 group dances.
My dance teacher knows that my mom& dad died so she is giving me a tribute to them as a dance.
I am using my parents wedding song "I will always love you" As my Lyrical solo song for my tribute to them.
After Dance Cam picked me up and Nash was in the car.