
"The sun goes down, the stars come out," The Wanted sang, "and all that counts is here and now."
"No!" I heard Hannah's scream before I stepped into the hot stream of water. It was an old feud, but was still very alive in my sister's mind. So, with my sister screaming about my awful taste in music and her vows to get me back, I took a nice long shower in which I shaved, washed my hair, and very loudly sang along to The Wanted, even though I knew absolutely none of their songs.~~Apparently we had woken our parents with our little spat. My dad, usually a understanding man, was bitter all morning, going so far as to refuse Hannah and I breakfast while he made omelets for my mom and himself. My mom, on the other hand, was a ball of sunshine, jumping from room to room with the energy of a toddler.
"I don't know how y'all could fight this morning! You should be bursting with excitement! The cruise is today!" Mom said, eating her omelet on the kitchen table. She grabbed a pitcher of orange juice from the lazy susan before pouring herself a glass, "It's going to be so fun!"
I frowned at her from the breakfast bar, nibbling on my pop tart as she enjoyed her delicious meal, "We wouldn't have fought if that one," I hitched my thumb in Hannah's direction, "had been responsible and packed the night before like you told her to. Instead she got up super early and woke the whole house with her music." I couldn't understand why my mom was so hyped up anyways. This was probably our twentieth cruise. We've been going on them since I was born.
"Shut up, Whitney! There was a One Direction special on last night! I couldn't very well ignore it!" Hannah defended herself as she poured some cereal, "They played their first two movies and had interviews for all of the boys! And their parents! And their siblings!" She gushed.
"Oh my gosh, Hannah. You're sixteen! You should be over this phase already!"
Hannah's outraged gasp echoed through the kitchen. Then there was the calm before the storm. I could see Mom about to leap up to stop Hannah if she tried to pounce on me. Which she did.
"Take it back!" She screamed, grabbing my arm and wrenching me out of the seat, "this isn't a phase! I will always love them."
"Mom! Help me!" I cried, managing to grab both of Hannah's wrists and holding them away from me, "What are you, the Hulk?" My sister was freakishly strong considering all she did was listen to music and go shopping. Maybe carrying those bags really was a good workout. Then again, if that was true then I would be stronger than her, considering I shop more than her. It's a passion of mine.
After a small struggle Mom had pried Hannah away from me and was standing between us like a wall. Breathing hard, she said, "Okay, I think that's enough family time for now! Why don't you go start putting your bags in the car, Hannah?"
"Ha, good idea," Dad mumbled. His eyes glued to the daily newspaper as he sipped his coffee. How stereotypical-dad of him.
Hannah stalked out of the room, sticking her tongue out at me just before she turned the corner. I rolled my eyes and returned the action. This was the life of two teenage daughters who live under the same roof. At least we didn't have to share a room.~~We sat in the back of our car, the hatch filled to the brim with bags. Hannah and I were separated by a few backpacks that were stacked in the middle seat. Under each of us was a duffel bag, leaving us with no leg room. That was hard on my 5'8" body. Mom and Dad sat in the front seats, their area clear from clutter as they lounged comfortably.
"Are y'all comfortable?" Mom called back, obviously aware of our cramped seats.
"Of course, Mom," I said sweetly, having to bite my tongue to keep from complaining. It's only a thirty minute trip, I could keep quiet for that long. I think.