
Kian's POV:I wake up to a surprisingly quiet house. I check my phone and see that it's 10am. I get up and take a quick shower and dress for the day. I look in the mirror and see the bags under my eyes, I can never seem to get enough sleep with Jc always on my mind.
I go downstairs and see Connor cooking some breakfast. I put on my usual fake smile and say " hey Connor" he jumps and says " KIAN! You scared me! But hey, I'm just making some pancakes" I hear my stomach grumble and we both laugh.
A few minutes later Ricky, Jc, Trevor, and Sam walk downstairs. I feel my heart beat faster when I make eye contact with Jc, god I hate this. No one knows that I'm gay, but we know that Connor is. Today I decided that I would tell him everything.
" yo Kian today we have to upload for Kian and Jc, and I was wondering if we could do a truth or dare?" Jc says with a mouth full of pancakes." yeah sure! I'll tweet out right now" I put a pancake in my mouth and tweet " for today's video, we're doing a truth or dare! Ask any questions you want with #kian&jcTruthordare! "
Few hour later:Me and Jc are setting up the tripod and cameras. I say " how about we make the game more fun? Let the other guys pick the questions and we have to answer or do them?" He smiles and says " yeah! So then all the fans can get a better chance"
We start filming and I go first " dare" I say and smirk toward the camera " I dare you to kiss Jc on the lips" I stare at Sam horrified and he just smirks back. Jc sees it and says " what? Am I that bad?" He then starts fake crying. We all laugh and I say " fine fine. I'm only doing it for the fans"
I lean toward Jc nervously and he does the same. The moment our lips touched I felt butterflies and sparks every where. He pulled away quickly and says " there's gonna be so many edits of this" I frown.
We finish up the video and go inside. I text Connor saying To: Conrad Met me in my room in 5?
He looks at me confused but then nods. I walk up the stairs and sit on my bed. Connor comes in moments later looking worried " what's wrong?" He asks as he sees my face. " you might wanna sit down for this" he sits down on the bean bag chair across from my bed.
" ok so first thing is, I'm gay, second thing is, I think I'm In love with Jc" I say quickly. Conor stares at me shocked but then says " well Kian, I will support you no matter what, and about the Jc thing, I'm sorry? I'm pretty sure he's straight. Don't worry you'll find someone" I smile and hug him.
Right at that moment Jc barges in with a disgusted look on his face " did I just hear that you were in love with me?" He says harshly. I whimper and nod slightly " oh my god I can't believe it! I have no problem with you being gay but really? I'm straight and I would never love you back" he walks out and pushes the other guys out of the way.
I start crying hysterically and curl up into Connor. Ricky says " Kian, I'm so sorry that this happened to you, but me and the guys support you with everything" the guys murmur in agreement. I smile and say " you guys are the best" We all group hug and I feel much better. I go in my room and grab my camera that I use for my main channel.
" hey guys, it's Kian, and your not used to these kind of video from me, especially since I posted a video today on my channel with..... Jc" it hurt to say his name but I have to cover it up. " I wanted to tell you guys something important. I-I'm gay......." I sigh in relief.
" it feels really good to have that off my chest, I'm not going to make this a long coming out but I will say, I figured out that I was gay 2 years ago, and I never really told anyone because I was scared. I don't really want to go in depth with this so I'm just gonna end it here. Hope you guys enjoyed, and if you did comment, thumbs up, subscribe and I may or may not start vlogging more" I say with a wink and wave goodbye.