
Me: (smiles as my kits nurse) I hope you three will be great warriors...or medicine cats...as long as you serve your clan...
(Time skip four moons. In Skyclan's hunting grounds)
Sunstar: (stalking a rabbit, then gasps as it takes off) oh my Starclan, that thing is fast! (Gasps and runs after it, Then soon stops, out of breath) I don't...hunt rabbits...that's Oakspirit's job. Not mine. But I promised I'd catch her something, I don't want her or the kits to get hungry...
(Sniffs the area, then is alerted of a scent that makes him gasp) dog? No...they're can't be one in Skyclan territory!
(A huge dog runs right up to Sunstar, who gasps and bolts)
Sunstar: I can't lead it to Oakspirit and the kits! I have to lead it away from here somehow! (Leads the dog over the gorge, and it falls into the gorge) and that solves that problem. Now...on to rabbit hunting again.
(In the clearing)
Me: Firestar, I think Sunstar is hunting for rabbits...
Firestar: I'll catch you something, Oakspirit. Just stay safe, and keep the kits safe. (Runs off and comes back with a rabbit) this was hard to catch, but here. (Smiles)
Me: thank you, Firestar. (takes it and eats half) I'm sure Sunstar will want some.
Sunstar: (walks over, panting, he looks as though he's about to pass out)
Me: (gasps) Sunstar! (Ears flatten as I strain to see him walk over)
Firestar: maybe you should've let me take that dare. I caught a rabbit for your mate, by the way. (Smiles as I giggle)
Me: Firestar! Don't rub it in! I'm sure Sunstar tried his best to catch one!
Sunstar: (out of breath) I...tried....to catch one....but I'm...not fast....enough... (falls to the ground, barely breathing)
Me: (gasps and noses him, my eyes wide with fear as he starts to twitch) what's wrong with him?!
Firestar: he's losing a life. How many more does he have left?
Me: (crying) t-two...
Firestar: (Nuzzles me) don't worry. We are watching him. I promise you that if he goes, either Bluestar, Cinderpelt, or I will be by your side with guidance. (Smiles)
Sunstar: (gasps, and goes still. His eyes open a few minutes later) ugh...what happened...
Firestar: you lost a life. Its alright. You're back with us.
Sunstar: I...I saw...(he looks to me) I saw you...Oakspirit...and the kits...
Me: that was because they were apprenticed. Meet Cloudpaw, Thistlepaw, and Emberpaw. (Smiles) now, the subject of training...we are not climbing the great sycamore. Or letting them near the gorge.
Sunstar: how about we just...I don't know...let them decide what they wish to be?
Firestar: (looks to the kits) what do you wish to be?
Cloudpaw: I want to be a medicine cat!
Emberpaw and Thistlepaw: we want to be warriors!
Me: okay then, Cloudpaw, your mentor will be Yellowfang. Emberpaw, your mentor will be Firestar, and Thistlepaw, your mentor will be Sunstar. I'll be here while you three train, meet me in six moons, and your father will give you your warrior names. (Smiles) that's it for now, guys, be sure to comment, vote, share, and follow! Bye!