
"Holy shit" Hayes said. "jesous" Matt said"Thats insaine" Nash said
Finally i was done with 5 hours of dance.
I went home and of course the boys were at the house. I was exhausted and i just felt like crying my solo meant so much to me and it just reminded me of my mom and dad so i went right up to my room and started crying
HAYES POV
"Cam is it okay if i go to Bellas room and lay with her" I asked Cam.
"Of course Hayes i trust you with her" He said.
I walked up the stairs and there was a sign on the door that said "Bellaballerina"
I heard crying from inside her room.
"Bella can i come in" I asked.
"Yeah" she said.
Her room was huge. It was a light pink and had a white bed in the far corner where she was sitting.
She had dance pictures and browadway signs everywhere.
"Bella are you okay" Isaod walking over to her bed.
"Ya im fine" She whispered.
"Isabella no your not tell me whats wrong" I said hugging her. "I miss my mommy amd daddy" She sakd starting to cry again.
I hugged her and my heart broke. I love this girl and I dont want to see her upset.
"Bella its okay" I saod rubbing her back.
"I never got to say goodbye" She said hyterical crying into my chest. "Bella its okay shhhh" I said holding onto her. I didnt know what to say.
"Bella beautiful, its okay i know how much it must hurt you but you know that they love you and they are always here in your heart and upabove you in heaven. God always has something planed for all of us. So its going to work out. I promise you." I saod wiping her tears away.
"Hayes thank you so much" she said.
"No problem sweet heart" i said.
"Want to go downstairs with the boys" I asked her.
"Sure" she threw sweats and a tank over her dance stuff and walked dow stairs.
"THE BABY IS HERE" Matt said picking me up.
"Hi Matt" I said hugging him. He sat me on his lap. "So Beyonce whats up" Matt asked.
"Beyonce"? Cam said.
"Have you seen that child dance, her jazz solo shes like beyonce" Matt said.
"That kid can do so many flips" Nash said.
"Yeah shes going somewhere in the future" Cam said.
"I better give you back tour boyfriend or else he will think im stealing you" Matt said handing me to Hayes.
"Were not dating" I said
"Yet" Hayes chimed in.
Everyone laughed. I was still really upset but Hayes cheered me up a little bit.
"EVERYONE I HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT" Nash said.
"Me and Cam have been thinking, and since we all basically live at eachothers houses, How would umyou guys like to rent a house togethed, still in New York" Nash said.