
After I stood up and brushed the grass off of my jeans, I started to pace back and forth. I rubbed my hands on my face, trying to figure out how I ended up here. As I moved my arms back on my sides, I noticed that everything was starting to disappear in to darkness. I tried to run away so I wouldn't slip into the darkness but it was too late. I was falling.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Then, I landed on dirt, faced down. I opened my eyes. I was at a different place. This strange place happened to be the opposite of where I was before. I was in a forest, but not just any forest. Not even a forest you may dream of (an enchanted forest). I stood and brushed the cold dirt off of me as I looked around.
The trees were black and rotten. So was the grass. The dirt was blackish-brown and the texture of it was rough. Then I looked up at the sky. It was redish-orange color and the clouds were the same color as my skinny jeans. There was no way out of this place. I wanted to leave badly.
Then, I felt a burning sensation coming from my feet. It felt like I was being burned at stake. I looked down at my bare feet and saw nothing that could be causing this.
I later felt the sensation crawl through my whole body. It burnt badly. I wanted to scream and fall on the ground, but I couldn't. I felt like as if I were in one of those dreams couldn't speak nor move. But, I was in no dream.
Then, I automatically fell onto the ground which made the burning sensation in me even worst. It was so bad that I couldn't even think. All I could do was close my eyes hoping that something good would happen. So I did.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
When I stopped feeling the burning sensation, I sighed in relief. Then I opened my eyes. I looked around in confusion.
Why am I in a hospital room?
There were three doctors and two nurses. One of the nurses was a girl who wore a pinkish-purple dress that went up to her knees. Her hair that seemed to be long was put on in a messy bun. The other nurse was a guy who had brown hair, which was the same color as mine. He wore baby blue and white scrubs. I couldn't really describe how the doctors looked because they were in torquoise coats and a mask. They were all working on this one person so I bet what happened to this person seemed to be very serious.
Then, the nurse with the blonde hair went to get some supplies for the doctors from one of the cupboards. While she was walking towards me, I tried to give her my attention by saying hi, but she just passed by me... this was really weird. How could she just pass by me without saying anything? They all seemed not to notice me.
"Hello?", I said waving my hand in front of her face. "Can you hear me?".
What the hell.
I was really confused. Why am I here? How come I ended up here when I closed my eyes from that place-like-hell? I was very curious about who the person was in the hospital bed the doctors were doing surgery on. So, I took a step closer then hesitated.
What if I know this person? What if their one of my closes friends or relatives?
I took another step closer. When I made it to one of the sides of the hospital bed, I took a peak at the persons face.