
This book is completely from my imagination. I doubt that there is an academy named Bilwich in New York. I wouldn't know that because I live in LA... But anyways I hope you enjoy the first chapter of my first book ever! P.s, there might be a lot of grammar mistakes so...Yah
I stood on the edge of the four story building at Bilwich Academy in a town in New York. I had no idea what I was doing on the edge of the dormitory building and I never knew what was happening to me would actually lead to this moment. It was chilly on the rooftop Maybe about 45 degrees.
I was wearing dark grey skinny jeans and a white spaghetti-strapped tank top. I was barefoot. I shivered as my short brown hair blew with the wind. The clouds were gray and they covered the sun. It was foggy from up here and it looked like it was going to rain.
I heard shouting.... shouting and screaming. I looked down at the huge crowd below me. Almost everyone who attended Bilwich Academy was there. I tried to take a step back, but I hesitated when I saw a group of people happened to be my friends... my fake friends.
Everyone was shouting things to me, like 'don't jump.... don't jump!,' but I happened to block out everyone and what they said and focused on that one group. That one group that posted that stupid video to the freaking internet. I only payed attention to what this group was saying.
"Jump! Why don't you jump already you whore! Nobody likes you!," said one of the girls from the group. I believe that was Brianna, who happened to be my best friend. Other people in the group were saying to jump and that I was a slut.
A tear escaped from my right eye. I couldn't take what they were saying, but they were right. The people from outside of the group were telling me not to jump. But it was too late.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Later on, I woke up.... or at least I thought I did. I took a look at my surroundings. I was laying on light green grass with beautiful flowers. They were pink, yellow, white, and blue. I was in a meadow. I looked up at the sky. It was baby blue and the clouds were white as snow. I always dreamt of going to a meadow, but I never could.
My parents died in a car accident 5 years ago. My older brother, Jonah also died in the accident. After that terrifying incident, I was sent to live with my mothers sister. She didn't seem to like me because I was annoying to her. So after my middle school years, she sent me to Bilwich Academy. I've haven't seen her since.
I picked up some flowers and threw them up in the air. I loved the feeling of being in a beautiful place by myself. Where no one could call me names or do anything to hurt in any kind of way. I was mentally damaged enough. I ran through the peaceful meadow.
The grass smelt of lawn clippings and beautiful fragrances. I sat down and rolled onto my stomach to look at the flowers more clearer. Then I thought about something as a turned to sit on the grass. I hugged my knees to my chest and wondered:
Where the hell am I  and how did I end up here?