

"Your server will be right with you" I thank her and we wait a little while and the server comes.

"Hello im aviana, and ill be your server today may I start you off with your drinks?" She seems like a perky girl.

" yeah, I vwould like a coke. " I wait a few minutes staring at kanny as he looks out the window. "Babe." I say and he looks at me.

"9h im s9rry. I w9uld like a pepsi and a water." He looks away again.

"Ok, well ill be right back with your drinks as you decide what you want to order!" She walks away cheerfully.

"Babe. Vwhats vwrong?"

"9h cr9nus I was just w9ndering why 9ut 9f all the places y9u c9uld pick me t9 my fav9rite restraunt. I mean its s9 nice of y9u t9 d9. And I d9nt want t9 be triggering in the least but I..."

Oh no. Hes on a rant. I should do something before he gets really into it and im stuck here listening to him all night. " so babe, vwhat do you vwant to eat?"
" Cr9nus y9u arnt answering my questi9n." He looks at me curiously.
"Vwell I thought it vwould be nice to come here. Vwhy cant I go to my boyfriends favorite restaurant for our anniwversary."
" 9k cr9nus. But im still w9ndering."He looks down at his menu and looks like hes deciding what he wants. Thank gog. Hopefully hes off that tangent for now. The waitress, Aviana comes back and gets our order of 9oz steak for me and a ceaser salad with no dressing for kanny. Man its kinda tough for him to eat out since of his vegan thing. We make small talk as we wait for our food.
**** TIME SKIP CAUSE AUTHOR CANT MAKE SMALL TALK FOR NOTHING WITHOUT SOUNDING WIERD.****
The food finally comes and I chow down while kanny goes through his delicately. I cant belive hes been this adorable the whole time. I just want to kiss him. But when your eating steak I dont think he will want to as much as me.
When im all done with my dinner i decide to get desert so I order a chocolate cake for me and him to share. The cake arrives in a matter of minutes.
"Kanny you enjoin your cake." I ask as I see him eating it delicately.
"Yes, it is very g99d cr9nus. I am glad y9u 9rdered us s9me t9 share." He said smiling. Oh,  I would do anything to make him smile.
Sliding out of my seat I go down on one knee. Kankris staring at me eyes wide open.
"C-Cr9nus what are y9u d9ing."
"Babe, im doin somfin I should hawve done a long time ago."
Hes still looking down at me and I take out a small box with a gold ring with a red diamond. And it had small little fringes around it.
"Kankri Vantas, vwill you marry me?"I take out the small box opening it seeing his expression. He looks absolutely shocked.
"W-Why cr9nus I didnt kn9w you were g9ing t9 d9 this right now and its s9 perfect and nice. And..."
I interrupted his ranting and kissed him again.