
Tick
Tick
Tick
The class was silent, it was eerie. The teacher was nowhere to be seen and my stomach was doing flips as it wouldn't stop complaining at the deep hunger that came from within. No one seemed to make eye contact with me, but who am I to judge, I am after all the new girl.
It such a weird thing to say, because I have been worn, pulled, destroyed and put back together weakly nothing about me is new. But to them I could be anything or anyone. I looked into the large window next to the white board and watched the water slowly edge its way down the window. As I finish the second water drop race I see a black figure approach the door. I tilt me head in confusion as it runs towards the door. Everyone starts murmuring as they notice it as well. The now drenched I assume teacher barges in the door letting a waft of cold air that smelled like wet tree bark come in making everyone shiver. "I am so sorry I am late!This rain is awful isn't it!" she said very excited, I rolled my eyes, I have the looney teacher. Don't act like you have never had one before.
English Teacher: Looney.
"Oh we also have a new class member, Ambrose Emrys. Would like to say something about yourself?" She said signalling to me, was that actually a question or order, I rolled my eyes and stood up puffing my chest with bitchface mode on, "I am Ambrose Emrys, I come from......I come from Seattle."  I say looking at the teacher dead straight. I sat back down, that didn't go as smoothly as hoped. "Well I expect great things from you!" She said smiling ignoring my obvious bitchy manner. I did a sarcastic smile before going back to resting bitchface. The rest of the class was a blur I was looking out the window thinking, I was always daydreaming it was how I entertained myself. The only thing I noticed was a boy, blond messy hair, blue eyes and a killer jawline. Player, Ambrose he is a boy your new and vulnerable do not fuck anything up okay?
Yes Sargent Ambrose.
I giggled at my train of thought before realising I would look crazy and immediately stopped. I look upwards to see everyone putting their stuff away. So I proceed to do the same, this teacher doesn't pay attention to anything I swear.
English Teacher: Looney and doesn't pay attention.
I got up and walked out the room once everyone else had. But the second I got out yet again the boy was staring at me smiling, like I was his next meal, "Pervert." I mutter under my breath. I walk in the opposite direction hoping to avoid the man walking as fast as possible. "Hey are you new?" Oh god not again, I turn around to see a girl with blonde hair that ended at her shoulders, she had blue eyes big eyes ,small nose, tanned she remind me of a normal me to be honest, "Yeah, I am Ambrose you?" I say shaking her hand smiling the best I could manage, this was hard work. "Lyra. Wanna eat with me?" she said gleaming, I nodded knowing this wasn't a choice but order. She escorted me to about ten people eating and laughing, it was the popular people. I would of rolled my eyes if I wasn't standing before them. I smiled before realising the boy from before looking at me. I scowled and ignored him before just chatting to Lyra. The bell went and I was off to PE, I hate PE, it wasn't that I was complete shit at it, it was the fact it changed me, it changed me into a competitive bitch that yelled at my friends and it gave me displeasure to think about being some one like that. I quickly tied up my raven black hair into a high pony tail that still managed to end near my butt, long hair problems much.
I put my foot on a chair to tie my shoelaces to get a very angering response from hormonal teenagers, I found out their are many perverts brains I need to bash in. I step up to a white line everyone is lined on, when I see a teacher toned, tall, brown healthy hair and a strong cheekbone.
PE Teacher: Heartthrob.