
"Okay, we will start today with a quick game of dodgeball." He said looking at a clip board, I turn to both my sides to see all girls lost in a trance, I smile at my observing skills, "Girls vs. boys!" some random guy from the crowd yells which then was replied by, "Okay, girls on left boys on right." the girls groan as they make their way to the end of the court. I look up at the guys, they look like their ready to kill us. Oh joy. I roll my eyes and look at all the other girls who don't seem to care about sport, like me but today I needed to put those boys in their place, so I was all in.
The whistle went off and I bolted to the middle of the court not wanting to draw attention to myself. I was their for several minutes watching my team slowly deplete with little boys sitting on the sideline. Stupid non sporty girls. I managed to dodge two balls heading towards me with ease thanks to my quick reflexes. Soon it was down to me and three other girls and ten boys eye us down. Now these were the girls that didn't do sport, they were the people that didn't do anything so they were always last in the court, I rolled my eyes as the two were all out soon it was only me and them. "Don't worry we won't hurt your pretty face to much." One of the men beaconed, are the teacher deaf or do they not care when someone is being verbally harassed? Guess not. I look up to see them with five balls in the best of the teams hands, two of the weakest of the five through their towards me, I slowly plummeted in the splits as the went past my head. Everyone murmured in shock but I didn't get to stay still for long A ball was going towards me, I used all my strengths to push myself up with my legs apart and the ball going through my legs just missing my ponytail. 3 down 2 to go. The last boy scowled and and through the ball towards me, I quickly went Michael Jackson as I dodge holding my hands in the air and making a semi circle with my body. The ball come spiralling towards me and I grabbed it stopping it in its tracks, I smirked as he stormed off the court. The girls cheered and it was me and the boy from english class, he smiled revealing he had three balls with him, well shit.
He threw them all towards me at the same time, if I move I get hit so, I grabbed one of the balls in my hand and the second in the other I then went into a handstand and caught the last with my feet. I smirked at me achievement, I love gymnastics. I got ready to jump back up and I through the ball towards him, with out realising he tried to move but it was too late he got hit in the chest falling to the ground on the sudden impact. I smiled and the girls cheered as I got everyone of the boys out. The whistle went off and I was showered with applauses only from girls though. The boys scowled at me or were still checking me out. This was going to be harder than I thought.
But I dealt with worse.
From my past, present and my future.
