
2009
"No, no no they will find me! The will find me again!" I scream. As the police try to stop me from running away from the headquarters, A nightmare that ruined my life is over they say but the don't know anything, I will never be able to escape! They are relentless.
"Let me go! Please, please!" I struggle but I can't escape with the four police hold my arms, my parents rush through the door with tears of relief as the come up to me, I scream "Leave me alone! I need to leave!" my parents stop running as they are in shock as what has become of me and I don't know if I will ever change. The are just standing there as I am screaming but the police jabbed a needle into me and I slowly lose consciousness.
"How did you escape?" The interrogator asked while I am cuffed to stop any more problems.
"I,I" I wasn't going to reply I don't think  can. The police officer is now become more stubborn. "We are not leaving till you answer these questions miss, you do want to see your family?" he asks
"Well, uhh." I look at my feet as he asks another question. "If you can honestly answer this question you may see you family okay Ambrose? Do you know where you were and the address?"
"Y, yes, it is 34 Ace rd. in the middle of no where."
"Well, do you mind if we take you there so we can be sure?" silence across the room as he stares intently into my eyes.
"Okay." I feel helplessness as I answer the question I don't think I can go back to that awful mansion it was horrific if you could tell with all the bruises and scars covering what used to be my tanned skin that is pale from the lack of light.
I am escorted to a car that is disguised as a normal car I have a feeling they do not want to waste anytime because no protocols where made just up and left in four cars. I was in the back where the arrested people would be I guess they didn't want me to run.
Half an hour and we are still driving I still don't know how I escaped from them I was running for what seemed like hours until the neighbors found me and rushed me to the police as I ran and screamed. But here we are at the red four story mansion that had detail in every area of the house to the gold door to the spirals and gargoyles on the roof, but the police opened the door with their guns leaving me in the car as I watch them bust open the door and the police search the house for about half an hour. They walk out confused and frustrated. I don't know why though this is the place I know that I could never forget but one of the very frustrated police walk up to me and say "There is no one here Ambrose are you sure it was here."
"Yes this is it!" I yell but they already know I am gone, they left and they where not going to get caught. So the nightmare will forever linger behind my back and no one will ever know what happened until they are caught.
They all get in their cars and they all left taking me back to my home, the police believe I will not help them and even though they investigated for months the case was dropped but at home I felt like something completely different had happened.
As I walk into the house my family hugs me even my dad was crying with relief "Our baby is back after the three years we thought they we had lot you Lucy." My mother says as she shows me my room. Nothing had changed over the years and I started crying as I think about all the years I spent in that corrupted house. I walk in and my mother sent me to bed. As I pull the blanket over me a start crying into my pillow until I fell asleep.
I wake up and open the door but it is not opening I budge on it and start yelling memories flashing into my brain and it opens sending me to the floor hyperventilating with my mum standing behind the door my mum, Miranda staring at me with her spotty dress and red lipstick, she has new colored brown hair and is slowly becoming shorter. "Sorry dear we decided to lock your door so no intruders come to the house and take you away, and umm well here is the key and you will not be leaving this street okay? You just stay home and read a book until the new semester starts at school I hope you enjoy year 6 sweetie."