
My friends and I walk home from the party. Then all of a sudden Melissa disappears And Riley as well and it just left me Sophie in a ally. I freaked and I scream. Suddenly someone grand me from behind. He spins me around by my hips and his stormy grey eyes met mine. While he did that I was going to reach in for a kiss but then I knee him in the balls,scared,I run.
"Hey don't leave!" He screams with his perfect voice I said nothing. Somehow he catches up to me and pins me to the wall. He tells me "Never leave me! And if you do I will always find you!"I questioned"what? Your not superhuman!" And he whispers by my neck "but I am. And if you don't listen to me I'm gonna kill you!" He says with a smirk as he squeezed my ass
I scream again
He covers my mouth as a single tear drops from my face and he wipes it off and asks me "are you scared of me ...um....." He continues "what's your name?" I reply without any life and very lowly "Emily." He says "I'll call you Cutie beacause it's suits you,cute.""
He then says "come with me!we need to leave now!we are on the border?" I ask "what border?" His eyes that were silvery grey were now black as he aggressively yanks me and says "follow me now!" The because I'm a badass say "no I don't want to!" He then uggs and picks me up and carry me to a Lamborghini but I don't know which one beacause I don't know cars. He then puts me inside and buckles me and I say "I'm a grown and independent woman!" And he replies "And with me your not" he stares still at me with those black eyes suddenly another muscular good looking guy comes and shouts "Luna!" I reply "My name is Emily nice to meet you!" As I shake his hand the he slapped my hand down and he shouts "NEVER TOUCH ANOTHER MAN SEXUALLY EXCEPT ME!" I laughed he says "why the fuck are you laughing is this funny?" I reply "yes!" I shouldn't have said that beacause he punched me and I black out.
I wake up in a white room on a confertable table bed I see him playing with my hair and that calmed me.i smirk as he stops and asks "are you ok cutie?" I said " thanks for the black eye!" I whimpered as I touch it the I eye as he says "my name is Ethan." And then he says "don't try to escape beacause you never will!" I sob as he kissed me passionately damn he can kiss well he then kissed harder as I feel tingly and he then sticks his toungue into me and I moan/speak "Ethan" in pleasure he then jumps on me still kissing me. I take off his top to find his abs and he takes off my top and squeezed my breasts. I play with his back and that made him moan more he then tells me "if we continue doing this I'm going to fuck you!" He yells as I pull away
HOPE YOU GUYS LIKE THIS CHAPTER THIS IS MY FIRST BOOK EVER AND ITS GOING WELL SO FAR PLZ RATE IT AND TY