
Ohaji's Pov: why the hell am I being arrested !? Especially from Lenny! He knewed me since I was a baby. He knows I wouldn't do anything bad that'll get me in jail. This shit better be a joke cause once in out here I'm sueing his ass!
Imani's Pov
Mama: so you don't know who did it?. She said through tears
Me: no...I know exactly who did it. I say with no emotion. Right now I just don't feel like crying I showing any emotion towards everything .my brother just got arrested for some shit be didn't do I bet and I couldn't stop them from doing it
Mama: all of this will be over once you tell me who did it. We'll get them arrested and life will go back to normal. I look at he as if she was crazy
Me: How?! Once we find that person....we're not going to find who did it because I don't want to! Stop forcing me to tell you! Nothing is going to be alright! And you know that nothing will get back to normal! I yell at her through gritted teeth
My Mama looked shocked. But it's not my fault
Mama: I am your mom and you'll do as I say! Don't you see I am trying to help you find this person that you somehow know? I will find them and everything will get back to normal!
Me: leave me alone! I say As my mom got a call from someone
She picked up and it was the police station
Ohaji....
She out put it on speaker
Ohaji: Ma. I need you to come get out of here. They claimed that I raped Imani . He sighed
Mama: did you?
Me: Mama!?
Ohaji: Ma!? Is that even you talking ? I love her deeply why the Fuck would I rape my baby sister?! I yelled while police's in the back told him to calm down
Mama:  she's saying that she k les exactly who did it so I'm guessing its-
Ohaji: your guessing it's me?! You have no heart to be saying shit like that! Where's Imani let me talk to her
Me: Haji I'm here-
Mama: no! Your not talking to her until you tell the truth .
Me: Mama stop! Haji can you hear Me?
Police: times up. The police says Ohaji yells and I drop the phone.
Me: Mama are you hearing yourself !? He didn't do it! Rico did. I say throwing the phone at her as she slides down the wall
Mama: Baby...
Me: Mama stop! Just when I think my life can't get worse shit like this happen! I yell out of anger while my mom covers her mouth.
Mama: watch your language! Ok I'm sorry for everything I can't fix none of this ! She yelled getting up and heading into her room locking the door
My mom is bipolar reck....
The one time I need my mom ....
Ohaji's Pov
Me: Thanks for every. I say hugging my dad scared for my life
Dad: she thought you raped Imani? He said as we got in the car
Me: I don't even wanna see her anymore , can I live with you for a few until I get my own place
Dad: sure but what about Imani? She needs her brother especially at this time ok in her life
I think I must just bring Imani then. I don't want Her near out mother right now