
Every year, on the last day of summer break, I go watch the sunset on the beach.
I cross my fingers as the sun goes down and I make a wish. It's usually something like get good grades or something school related. Today I had everything I wanted...but someone to share it with.
I crossed my fingers as the sun was slowly making it's way down and whispered, "I need someone who loves me more than I love him". I took a breath and started walking to my car.
I turned the radio on and started driving home. I didn't notice it at the time, but someone was walking on the street. When I finally saw I stopped the car. I hit someone!
I rushed out the car and ran to the front of it. It began to rain a second after I got to him.
I went on my knees and began to cry."oh my god are you okay?!" I asked. He looked at me and smiled." I'm fine Ava"he replied. "How do you know my name?" I asked. "It's Damon"
I helped him up and that's when I recognized his face. "Damon?!" I said so very happy. I hugged him but not tight, I was afraid his ribs had cracked.
"What are you doing here?" I asked. "Well my sister, Lizzie, she got married and when I heard they were moving here, I decided I'd come with them" he answered.
"Hey you wanna come over? I love this setting but it's a bit wet at the moment" i joked.
He nodded and got into my car. I continued the drive home. I opened the door to my house and my mom walked up to us. "Damon?" She said surprised. "Hey Mrs. Donovan" he said. She gave him a hug and a kiss. "Uh mom we'll be upstairs".
I opened the door to my room and took off my shoes. He did the same. I sat on my bed and he sat next to me. "So, why did you move with your sister?" I asked. "Well um..." I could tell he was shy to say it. "Just tell me"
"I moved here, because... Well I moved here because of you" he replied. I blushed. "Um, would you mind giving me a sec? I need. To change out of these wet clothes" I said getting up. "Yeah sure".
I grabbed some new clothes from my drawer and went to the bathroom. It was locked... Of course Caroline was taking her every day 5 hr shower.
I walked back in the toom and sighed. "Caroline is using the bathroom" I said closing the door after me.
I turned around to my door and changed there. I could see at the corner of my eye he was looking at me change. "All done".
I took out my computer and went to my 7th birthday party photo album.
I had blonde hair back then and so did he. "I remember the Piñata, it was so hard to hit because my sister was constantly pulling it" he commented.
I laid back on my pillow and so did he. From the corner of my eye I could tell he was looking at me as I watched the slideshow.
I looked at the time on the bottom of my computer screen. 10:00pm. I shut the computer off and then my mom came in the room.
"Damon, would you like to call your sister? The roads are flooded and I'm not sure walking or driving is safe" she suggested.
He got his phone and called her.
"I can stay"