
I towel down my wet hair, it's annoying me. The water, already cold, was making me shiver. I lazily stride down the stairs to the basement, wearing a neon green hoodie, black tracksuit pants and old sneakers that were falling apart.
I made a mental note to buy new shoes when I got the chance.
Sighing, I opened the creaky basement door. Dropping my towel on the stairs behind me. I stick my head in to the dark room and listen hard. Hearing nothing but faint breathing, I switch on the light. The old lightbulb swinging in the middle of the small concrete room flickers on.
The person sitting in the corner, blinks their eyes open. They groan through the gag. I chuckle at their misfortune, but I'm not cruel or stupid enough to not check if anyone would miss them. This particular girl I will take great pleasure in killing, she was no older than 19. Already the bitch of a gang leader. Her flesh not too old and not too young. I smile at her, half-heartedly trying to get her to trust me. Her sedative should have completely worn off by now.
It seems she seems to wake up properly enough to realise that she's not completely in a safe environment. Her eyes widen almost comically. I flat out laugh at her, her eyes flick around the room frantically.
How adorable, she's scared.
Her face is framed by long silky, dark brown hair. It's slightly out of place due to my own rough handling and spending the night in a basement of course. Terrified blue eyes look up at me, bright as the sky. Her bangs are kept out of her eyes by a green hair clip. She struggles against the rope holding her wrists together and tied to a chair, I had welded the chairs metal legs to the floor in that corner a few days ago.
They try to yell and scream at me through the gag and I reach into my pocket. I look up at her as if to say 'You asked for it'.
I pull out my favourite switch blade. It's a beautiful 80s design with a custom painted neon green hilt. My now dead father awarded it to me after my first kill. I flick it open and I run my tongue along the blade to feel the cold metal.
My 'guest' had gone silent, but her breathing had quickened. 'She's probably on the edge of a panic attack now' I think to myself. I smile down at her, idly playing with my knife. She paints a clear picture of terror as tears run down her face, making the cloth in her mouth damp.
"Lookie, lookie." I chuckle and breathe out, wording my next words carefully. "...I'm gonna be generous and take off your gag in a sec. One thing you have to understand, is that if you scream too loudly it won't be a trouble for me..."
She looks at me confused and scared, yet still glaring at me. I had to give her credit for that.
"...To slice your windpipe and shut you up for good."
She nods her head quickly. I smile once again at her cooperation and reach for her gag, quickly pulling it down. She attempts to bite my pale hand.
"Feisty?" I say as I put on an obviously fake smile, poking my blade at her cheek. I push the knife in enough to see blood. Her full lips scowl at me
"You do know why you're here right?"
"Lemme guess, you're some creep stalker who has fantasies about holding me down and raping me" She spits out, my blade still pressed up against her cheek.
I laugh at her stupidity
"Close but no cigar, miss." "This has nothing particularly to do with my needs." I'm almost curious about her deduction. I've almost given it away... Such fun.
Unfortunately she stays quiet, waiting for me to tell her. Her eyes look up at me defiantly.
I let the blade down and sigh, in a crouching position I had taken in front of her. I tell her only the truth. "It's nothing personal... Someone paid me well... Someone wants to see you gone."
And those were the last words she heard.