
"It was you?" Alvey said from behind Wilmer, making us to both turn around. At this point, I couldn't control my emotions. The tears fell down my face repeatedly, and I was suddenly having a hard time breathing. "Demi, Shhh.. Nick's not dead," Alvey said, as he ran over and rubbed my back. My head snapped up and looked at him.
"Wh-what?" I said, confused.
"He's not dead. He is unconscious, but the doctors are fully confident that he should wake up soon. It's just a waiting game," Alvey said as he looked at me with a warm smile.
"He is alive? I heard the doctors say that he was brain dead and that there was nothing that they could do for him at this point," I said, explaining my confusion.
"Yup. He is very much alive," Alvey said with a laugh. "I guess they had to move him rooms because that room was occupied with a guy who was in a bad motorcycle accident. He is in room 32A, just up the hall. You are welcome to go in there and talk to him. Maybe it will help him wake up quicker," Alvey said as he winked over at me. I smiled and gave him a big hug.
"I can't believe this," I said as I looked at both him and Carter.
"I told you he was a fighter," Alvey said with a smile.
"Alvey..." Wilmer said, causing us all to turn and look at Wilmer, who was now standing there with his hands in his pockets.
"Alvey...I am so sorry for everything. I am sorry for the pain I have caused you and Nick, and anyone else I have hurt," Wilmer said to him with a sad look on his face.
I turned and watched as Alvey listened to the words that Wilmer spoke. "Listen, Wilmer. I am not happy with the outcome of everything, and I know that Nick won't be thrilled when he finds out you were in fact the cause of his injury, but I do want to help you. I want to help you be a better person," Alvey said which made me a little surprised.
"I would really appreciate that," Wilmer said as he slightly nodded his head.
"I know what it's like to have so much rage inside of you, that you just snap. I was in that same position once," Alvey said as he looked over at me, and then back to Wilmer. "So I can relate to you. I would be lying if I said I never did that in some of my own fights. So, if I do this, and help you be a better person, and really live up to the man you're capable of, then you need to do something for me, and I will personally make sure that you don't end up going to jail," Alvey said which made my ears perk up. What did Alvey want?
"Anything. I will do anything for you, Nick, and... Demi," Wilmer said as he looked down at me, and then back over to Alvey.
"Three things. First, I want you to testify against your friends. You need to tell the whole story, and let them know that you didn't know it was going to go that far. Next, you need to seek help and go see a counselor. Lastly, if you're serious about being the better version of yourself, then you need to come over and train under my watch at Navy St. exclusively," Alvey said as he watched Wilmer, who was listening to every word.
"Ok," Wilmer said as he nodded his head. "I will do those things for you and for you, Demi," Wilmer said, but I just rolled my eyes. He wasn't going to be off the hook with me as easily as he was with Alvey.