
It all started way back in grade school. Pete moved to town and met Patrick on his very first day of kindergarten.
Patrick sat alone at a hideously bright red table when Pete walked up to him with a gap-toothed smile and held his hand out.
"Hi, I'm Pete, I'm from Calforna. I just moved here. Wanna be my friend? I have trucks and cars and airplanes!"
"I don't wanna be your friend." Patrick responded before looking back down at the table.
Now, this was the worst thing in the world to Pete. He was crushed, broken hearted, and disappointed, but he started to walk away in search of a friend.
"I wanna be your best friend"
Pete whipped around at the timid words uttered by the small, shy boy.
"Really?! What's your name? Best friends know each others names!"
"My name's, uh, Patrick. I'm not from Calforna, I lived here my whole life, and I love trucks and cars and airplanes." Patrick offered a small smile and a beautiful friendship that would last for they're entire lives began.
In third grade, they had their first big fight.
Pete told Abigail Cane, Patrick's heartthrob, that Patrick liked her. Patrick had been infuriated, so he told everyone that Pete liked Mindy Lane, the girl that no one liked. Pete yelled at him, saying he wished he walked up to someone else and was best friends with them instead of Patrick. For the rest of that year Ryan Ross and Patrick were bffs and Gabe Sporta and Pete were the power friends.
That summer, Patrick ran away to Pete's house for a week. Everything was back to normal, Pete and Patrick were attached at the hip, playing with their trucks and cars and airplanes like kindergarteners again.
And that's why right now, Patrick is sitting on Pete's ugly-ass carpet as he got wasted till he couldn't move.
"What's wrong with me? I don't understand! Am I not a good boyfriend? Why would Ashlee dump me?" Pete whined.
"She dumped you because she didn't love you. You deserve better."
"I don't want better, I want Ashlee!"
"Peter, go to sleep."
There was a long pause and Patrick thought he had fallen asleep.
"I can't. I'm gonna throw up. Carry me to the bathroom, Pattycakes?"
Patrick sighed and forced himself off the stained carpet, "If I had known this is what I was going to do, I never would of said anything after, 'I don't wanna be your friend,'" Patrick mumbled.
"But, Patty, if you weren't my friend, no one else would care. If you weren't my friend, no one would wake up and drive to my house at three in the morning and sneak in to my room because I'm feeling sad. No one else would take care of me when I'm sick or drunk. No one else would love me. No one else loves me like you. And I love you for that. You're the bestest friend in the whole wide world." Pete slurred, closing his eyes and blacking out.
Patrick sat back down and thought about what Pete said. "No one else would love me. No one else loves me like you love me. And I love you for that. You're the bestest friend in the whole wide world."
"You're my best friend Pete. Of course I'll take care of you. I love you. No homo." Patrick whispered to a passed out Pete, knowing he'd laugh if he was awake. And with that final confession of platonic, no homo, love between two guys, Patrick followed in Pete's footsteps, and immediately fell asleep.
Whoo! New story! I started writing this at four in the morning. XoxoAlexander