
"Ok, we will be in contact," Alvey said as he stuck out his hand for Wilmer to shake.
Watching Alvey and Wilmer make peace, made me want to leave the room before Wilmer tried to speak to me again. I turned to Carter and told him that I was going to go in Nick's room, alone, and that I would be back in a while. He understood and nodded his head. He told me, if I needed him, he was there, but I was confident that I was going to be fine now.
I started to walk slowly down the hall, looking in every room that I passed. Being back in the hospital brought back those memories of my father. As I approached Nick's room, I pushed those thoughts away and slowly walked inside of the room. I watched as Nick laid there on the bed, almost lifeless. His chest raised up and down, and the monitors were keeping track of his levels. I walked in and pulled the chair close to his bedside. I reached up and grabbed his hand and held it tightly in mine.
"Nick..." I whispered, but there was no movement. A tear ran down my face. "I love you Nick, and I'm not going anywhere," I said as I leaned back and watched Nick. I watched for several minutes, hoping that I would see him flinch or move, but I didn't. Just then there was a knock on the door. I looked over and saw the nurse.
"Hi, sorry. I just came in to check his vitals," The nurse said as she walked deeper into the room, and over to the other side of Nick's bedside.
"It's okay, there isn't much going on in here," I said with a light laugh, which made the nurse look at me.
"Are you his girlfriend or sister?" she asked me.
I let out a nervous laugh, "hoping to be his girlfriend again," I said with a smile.
"He looks like he is very handsome behind all the swelling and facial injuries," she said to me, which made me smile as I looked over at Nick.
"Yeah, he is pretty handsome," I said as I got out my phone and pulled up a picture of us at the game. I leaned over and showed the nurse. she let out a laugh, "Yup, definitely a handsome man, perfect for such a beautiful girl like yourself," she said with a wink and then left the room. I leaned back with a smile on my face and started at the picture on my phone. We really did look pretty perfect together. I just hope that Nick still thought that when he finds out about Wilmer.
"Demi?" I heard someone say in a groggy voice. I looked up from my phone and saw Nick open his eyes.
"Oh my god, You're awake," I said as I threw my phone down and leaned closer to his bedside. I gave his hand a squeeze and smiled wide at him.
"Do I look as bad as I feel? Nick asked with a weak smile on his face.
"It's pretty bad," I said with wide eye brows, and let out a soft laugh. Nick just watched me. "You scared me, Nick. When I saw you look at me, and then Wilmer hit you-"
"Did I win?" Nick asked, completely clueless to what I was saying.
"Huh?" I asked, taken off guard.
"The fight. Did I win?" Nick asked again.
I shook my head confused, "You don't remember?"
"No.. The last thing I remember is being in the hall, outside, with you," He said as he wrinkled his forehead, trying to understand what he was missing.
Just as I went to open my mouth to say something, The nurse came in. "Nick, glad to see you're awake. How is everything," The nurse asked as she came in and waited for his answer.
"I am a little sore, but I am good," Nick said with a smile.
"Well, that good, right?" She said to the both of us, I just kept my eyes on Nick, wondering what was going on. "So, do you know why you're in here today, Nick?" She asked him.