
Who am I? I'm Gale. Gale Rosewood to be exact. I'm the daughter of two noble and rich parents, and I both work and live in the kingdom's castle. I'm also the eldest of five children: me, Christina Rosewood, Fredrick Rosewood, Nicholas Rosewood, and the youngest; Elizabeth Rosewood. Our parents are Holly and Isaac Rosewood. My siblings and I are all separated by two years. I'm twenty, Christina's eighteen, sixteen, fourteen, and twelve of course. Is odd that it turned out that way but I guess that's just how things go.
Now before you misunderstand, no, Christina and I are NOT JEALOUS! Sure Elizabeth is beautiful. She has the long blonde curly hair to die for, crystal blue colored big eyes. Tan skin. A super thin and curved body with freckles and not a blemish in sight... she's only twelve and my parents are already arranging her marriage, yet they haven't even layed a finger on Christina and I's. Christina and I are just normal I guess. The regular old wood color hair. Not even a slight tint of red. The same normal colored small blue eyes. No freckles. We're both on the shorter side and have nothing special about us. Ok maybe I'm a little jealous of my sister, but you'll have to ask Christina for her opinion.
About our brothers though...
The oldest, Fredrick, is book smart. He isn't interested in becoming a head knight for the king or anything. He actually said he's interested in trying to become an author. Our parents think that it's absolutely ridiculous but I kind of like the idea. The youngest, Nicholas, has his heart DEAD SET on being a head knight for the king. Except that'll be hard for him because he got our mother's height, and unfortunately her strength too. But our parents believe in him, especially our father. I try to have hope too, however small it may be. He has more of a chance of becoming a head knight than Christina and I do of marrying a nobleman. Oh, the pain...
But no matter how little hope a have---
Someone knocked on the door.
I got up and walked over to it and opened it slowly. It was the mid afternoon, and I was done with all my castle chores. What could anybody want? When the door opened I saw James, the king's head servant.
"Gale, the king has requested that you go to the top of the castle and set up the bedrooms for the ball tonight," he said.
"The king is having guests staying with us?" I asked. James nodded.
"Kings and queens from other countries. Prince Jack is going to be wedded in a couple of days," I scrunched my eyes at this.
"To who?!"
"The king says he's keeping it a secret until the wedding. Not even I know, and even if I knew under classification I would tell you. You know you're my favorite of all the workers," he said, chuckling. I smiled.
"Well, I better get to work then. Can I have Victoria help me?"
"Yes, just don't be working on different rooms at the same time in case one of the "royals" walk by."
"Yay! Thanks, James!" I gave him a quick hug, and then ran to where Victoria's room was. Victoria has been my best friend for as long as I could remember. I always get so hot happy when we worked together! At least my setting up of thirty guest bedrooms won't be by myself.