
This is my first Creepypasta story so it may not be as good, but I hope you like it anyways.
You wake up to the sun brightening your room with fresh snow falling. You could hear everyone else down stairs very happy, and exited. You got up and put your zombie slippers on and walked downstairs. Good morning dear. Hi mom, so you know what today is? Your mother said happily. Oh jeez I don't know, oh I know F*cking dumba** day! Oh course it's F*cking Christmas! Jeez I don't know mom. You said sarcastically. It's Christmas morning dear? No shit Sherlock. Oh its Christmas, oops it must have slipped my mind. You always hated Christmas. You just thought that hearing all the Stupid, annoying children scream, jump, and run around is gonna drive you insane! Everyone around the tree, its time for presents! Your dad called. Coming. Your brother Luke (You can change it if you want) pushed you aside and ran to the tree. Everyone came inside the modern sized living room, and sat around the tree.  You all sat down, your brother looked like he was about to explode with excitement, mom looked trying to calm him down, your father looked like he knew this is going to be a LONG day. While you sat there patiently, but also impatient trying to get this over with.
"Ok first Luke. Go ahead sweety. Your mom said camly.He ripped open the box extremely quick like he was in a quickest person I'm the world contest! Later that day you all celebrated Christmas, ate and went to bed. While everyone was asleep you were drawing with the new sketch book you got with color pencils. Alittle later you decided to call it a night. You were asleep for awhile, then you heard a noise coming from inside. It was only 3:05AM, so you were cautious.You walked down stairs to the source of the noise. You heard a few people laugh, as you hid behind the couch with your eyes watering up. You heard them go upstairs to the rooms then you heard them scream. You ran up there as fast as you can. You ran to your mother's room and saw them dead. Their bodies to horrific to describe for you. You ran across the hall down to your brothers room. And there they were, standing above your brother with a butcher knike up to his neck, your brother was crying and screaming, struggling for help. Hey! Pick on someone your own size. You growled at them. Hey , look boss fresh meat. And what are you gonna do little girl? Hurt us I'm so scared. They all laughed. You quickly punched one in the face. He stumbled backwards albit. Luke run! He tried to run as fast as he could, but it was to late. One of the guys Grabbed him quickly and slit his throat, and threw him on the ground. Your turn, one of the guys said. He picked you up and threw you down stairs. You tried to get up, but your leg hurt, ALOT. with your nose bleeding.
You limped over to the phone and tried to dial 911, but the other one kicked you in the face so hard that you could hear a crack in your skull. You coughed up blood and kicked him.He grabbed his leg while the other 3 Grabbed you by your hair, and dragged you into the kitchen. They brought you to the dinning area and slammed you on the table, hard. Your back cracked. And you coughed up ALOT more blood. You tried to get up, but one of them got on top of you while the others Grabbed your arms and legs. Now, now, you've been a naughty girl haven't you. Tst, tst. Time to die. He punched you in the face over and over again to where you can't even see you face, because its covered it so much blood.Next they slowly cut your arms off. You let out a blood curling Scream then lights out. The men hid your body and drove off to the lake and dumped your body. Sweet dreams b*tch. They walked away laughing, and drove away.