
December 29th
Imani's Pov: I decided to tell my mom that I had gotten raped . I call up my brother to tell him the truth first because he  is basically my best friend. I have no friends because I'm home school plus my mom and brother decided it'll be best if I had no drama dealing with kids at school cause I was to younger . I call my brother and he picked up on the third ring. Ohaji was overprotective when I hung out with guys and when I did behind his back and without letting anyone know he'll cuss me out and do many other things like beating me with a belt or anything that relates to that I guess...
Ohaji: Is everything ok Imani? He said worried because he is always the first to call me
I took a minute to respond
Me: can you please come over...please. I mumble as I bit my tounge trying my hardest to not to cry.
Ohaji: Tell me what's up now. Why is my baby about to cry? He asked trying not to cry as well .
Ohaji was soft and thug at the same time. He never got close with anybody and never fell in love then only person my mother and I is the only females he'll ever truth and love no one else
Me: I need you here. I bit my lip harder as I hang up
He calls me a few times but I don't answer
Fifteen quick seconds he comes bursting in my room
Noah's POV: I was outside of Ben's house ready to beat the black off of him. This guy comes at me saying that I was the one who made his girl dump him? Ain't my fault I'm cute shiiii. I don't chase girls they chase me
I ring the doorbell and his mama opens it
Ben's mom: Noah?
Me: is Ben here?
Ben's mom: I know you two ain't about to fight over that girl. She said as she leaned against the door frame
Me: nah we're just going to talk about our decisions like civilized people. I smile hugely as she looks me up and down then calls Ben over
I waited more than twelve minutes for this guy to come down the stairs I was gonna leave to. He comes out
Ben: what you want? He says closing the door
Me: Why you have to be like that? Are you really mad that I tried taking your girl...I mean I didnt she just came on to me
Ben: so why she say you wanted her and that you forced her to be with you? All of this ain't adding up. He said pulling his sleeve up meaning that he a ready for a fight.
I stood up straight taking my Jean jacket of and sending it to the grass. If it's a fight he wants then he'll get it.
Me: I thought it was bros be for hoes? I say trying to back out of the fight. Not because I was soft but for several reasons
1. I'm in front of his home2. I'm not about to disrespect his mom3. I just want to forgive and forget even though I didn't do anything wrong4. I want our friendship back because we were best friends5. I'm much bigger and taller than him so I can win a fight thatd between us both...
Just when he was about to swing I got a call and dogged it. It was from this girl I met at Starbucks. I smiled and waved the phone in Ben's face revealing the picture of her
Me: see I got a girl and her names Grace. I say. I don't need your girl and wasn't trying to get with her. I know I lied about Grace being my girl but come on I'm saving my friendship here
Ben looked at me for a minute and put his sleeve back down then headed inside the house locking the door. This kid was usually the one to dumb chicks.. I get where he's coming from