
Demi's POV
I looked up at Cater, with tears streaming down my face. I swallowed hard, and let out a deep sob, "He's brain dead," I said as I let out another big gasp. Carter, walked me over to the set of chairs that were nearby, and sat me down. He came down next to me, and wrapped me tightly into his arms. He held onto me securely, and rocked me back and forth, as the tears fell down my face. "Why is this happening to me again?" I muffled into Carter's chest as he lightly moved back and forth.
"I am so sorry, Demi," Carter said as he stroked my head, and cooed in my ear. "Shh.. I've got you," he said as he tried to calm me down. The more Carter talked to me, the more I felt my body slowly coming down from this emotional rollercoaster. I was finally able to breathe normal again, and the tears were starting to slow down.
"He's dead, Carter. The man I love is dead," I said as I leaned back, away from him, and looked deep in his eyes, with my sad, puffy eyes.
Carter looked down and reached for my hand, "Demi, I will help you get through this. You aren't alone, he said as he caressed the top of my hand.
"If I would have just told him that I loved him before the fight, none of this would have happened. He would have been alive, and he would have been here with me. He wouldn't be... he wouldn't be gone," I said as I felt the tears starting to come down once again. Carter didn't say anything this time. He just looked at me, with sad eyes, and nodded his head like he understood.
"Demi, I don't know what to say to help make you feel better, but I just want you to know that I will be here in whichever way that I can be. I will help you get through this. You aren't alone," Carter said as he looked over and gave me a soft, warm, smile. I looked at him and just nodded my head. I appreciated Carter for being here for me right now, and for being such a strong person in my life. I leaned my head on his shoulder, and just when I went to wipe my eyes, dry , I came face to face with the last person I wanted to see on earth. I instantly stood up, and started fuming. Rage ran within me, and I felt the adrenaline starting to kick in.
"WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE! YOU NEED TO LEAVE!" I shouted in Wilmer's face.
"I needed to come here and apologize. I wanted to see how Nick was-"
"DON'T YOU FUCKING SAY HIS NAME, YOU MURDERER!" I said through my clenched teeth.
"What? Murderer?" Wilmer said confused as he looked around and then looked back at me.
I stepped closer to Wilmer, and started to point my finger in his chest, "I hate you! Do you hear me! I hate you! You did this! He is brain dead because of you! I will never forgive you!!" I said as I held back the tears, and had to turn away, so Wilmer didn't see how weak I was right now, and how much my heart was aching.
"Demi, I am sorry!" Wilmer said as he turned me around and tried to explain himself. "I never meant to hurt Nick, let alone kill him. Things just escalated, and I wasn't thinking straight!" He said, which just infuriated me more.
I went to say something, but Carter quickly interfered, "Look, I think you need to go, Demi has enough going on, and she doesn't need this right now," he said to Wilmer, but Wilmer refused.
"No, I need to explain this to her. She needs to understand," Wilmer said as he looked at Carter, and then down to me.
"Demi, I never meant to hurt Nick, and I definitely never meant to cause him any harm. I was in a bad place when I had my friends beat up Nick, that day, and I haven't been proud of myself since then. When you confronted me about it, and said you were going to tell Nick, and the police about what I did, I snapped. I lost it. When I was in that cage with Nick, rage took over, and I couldn't control myself. If I could rewind, I would never go into that cage with Nick. I would have walked away, Demi. You have to believe me. I want to change. I want to be a better person. I want you to forgive me, and be proud of me one day. I don't want to be this person that you hate, and that you despise," Wilmer said as he kept his eyes glued on me. Just as I was about to speak, we both were caught off guard by the person behind Wilmer.