
I called back Grace and she basically yelled at me but in the sweetest tone which put a smile on my face. I began walking
Grace: Next time don't tell me to call you if your not even going to answer back! She yelled
Me: Next time don't answer my texts late. Pay back is really fucked up ain't it? I laugh
Grace: I had something important to do. I told you I was visiting my nieces and nephews
Me: you act Like my life ain't important..I got bills to pay. I have to cook for these got darn kids , clean their disrespectful asses up, try and not beat them in public and ish like you dont know how I feel girl. I say in my most ratchetish voices
Grace: get out. She laughs
Me: ight ight. How you doing though? Everything cool?
Grace: yes very much cool.I actually found out that I got A's in every term this year. I can tell she was cheezing
Me: Ayye thats awesome. My girl smart. I say doing my little cheer dance even though she couldn't see
Grace: I'm not your girl. She said getting serious . I smacked my teeth
Me: why you so complicated
Grace: well sorry. Listen please come over to my beasties birthday party. Everyone has to have a date even if they aren't dating.
Me: so let me get this straight. You want me to pretend to be your date or boyfriend just so you can get into a party but don't want me calling you my girl? This don't add up
Grace: ok? Listen Im really want you there ok? I'm serious I'm not going to talk to you if you don't come over..and you never know..maybe after the party I can actually be your girl...maybe. she hangs up and I just think about what she says.
Ohaji's Pov
Me: who did it. I say getting up angry as hell
Imani: he told me not to tell..
Me:ok? I'll just get Lenny to investigate this ish. Tell me now
Imani:  no! Please stop! I said as I fall on my knees crying. I can't tell!
Me: Imani Osai-Autumn Miller! I yell  at her with tears in my eyes as cops come into my room
Imani gets up from the ground crying as she looks up at the police
Police: Anything you say or do may be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to consult an attorney before speaking to the police and to have an attorney present during questioning now or in the future. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed for you before any questioning, if you wish. One of them say arresting me
Me: Why I'm being arrested!. I yelled as my mom comes into the room. I struggle to get away from the cops but they grabbed their taser and tased me. They pulled me into the car and started driving away