
I am, like, so excited for today. I'm Amy. I'm sure you've heard of Raven and the others, but this is my story. We're going on vacation today, to the Emerald Islands! As I danced my way into the dorm, I found Raven on her computer. I sat down on my perfectly pink bed, and Raven greeted me, not looking up. "Hey, RC!" I said to her, but she just mumbled something. I heard the click-clicking of the mouse and started to feel curious about what Raven was doing on her computer. I walked my way towards her bed and sat down beside her. What I saw on the computer almost made me wheeze! Right there, on the computer, was the beautiful Emerald Islands! There were bright blue waters, crystal sands, green plants, bright flowers, and I could even see part of the reef! Raven saw my dumb-found expression and said, "Beautiful, huh?" she ruffled my pink hair. "Watch the hair!" I said, slightly annoyed.
Just then Jayda came into the room. "Hey, I got a call from Chey," she said, and looked down at her phone. "She said she'll be back at 3:25 right after she picks up supplies for our vacay." I beamed. I was. So. Excited! I started jumping up and down and ran to the porch. I squealed and breathed the fresh air, and threw my arms into the sky as if I were hugging the whole world. Jayda was suddenly behind me, and she looked longingly outside. "I'm excited too, Amy Carmichael."She said, and I smirked. "Don't call me that."
Just then I heard a shout. It was Chey! "Hey come down! Got somethin' to show ya!" she said, and I ran outside. Raven and Jayda looked up and started to follow, but Raven beat me to Cheyenne. When we all got there Cheyenne took something out of a bright blue bag. "Look at these journals! Perfect for writing down our vacation memories!" Cheyenne said, and we each took a glassy purple book. It was a little fat, and I hugged it as if it were a treasure. Raven opened the book and chuckled. Cheyenne started back to the academy, and we all followed. "Well, the voice on the intercom says we better head to the main lobby," Jayda said, and we all walked to the main office, where Director Prima Tempest was waiting for us. "Good day, girls!" she said, eyeing us. "I expect that you are ready and that you get in the jet with the other agents. Have a wonderful break." she said again, and we all smiled. "You too!" I called back to her, as she stepped into a private helicopter. Dude, she has private everything! Just then I got a text from my Mom.
Melanie Carmichael: Hello Sweetie, how's your vacay going?

Amy Carmichael: Actually, we're getting in the jet now. But I'm so excited!
Melanie Carmichael: Well, have a great time. Don't let me keep you!
Amy Carmichael: ^-^ so excited! Can't wait! Better be going, bye.

As I got in the jet, which was a lovely shade of light purple, I started writing in the journal Chey gave us. I put in that diary all that I was feeling, all that I was expecting. What could go wrong?