
"Michael! Stop it! I don't want to get my hair wet!" "Avery come here!" "No Michael you're going to get me all wet!" "Well hopefully." He said giving me a smirk. "Michael!" I screamed back hitting his arm. He picked me up and put me on the edge of the pool, wrapping his arms around my legs as he stared up at me. I put my hands around his neck and roughled his hair a little bit. "I love you Avery Green." "I love you Michael Clifford."
If you haven't figured it out already. I'm Avery Green. I'm 19 and dating Michael Clifford from Five Seconds Of Summer. They are on tour and Michael had me tag along. So far we've been on tour for 4 months and it has consisted of them doing shows, being goof balls in the hotel, and Michael and I spending lots of time together and with the other three members of the band.
To describe me I am 5'7 and I have long dirty blonde hair. I have dark brown eyes and I'm pretty fit I guess. I have the line on my ab area and you can see muscles on my arms. I have tan skin all year long. So that's me.
"Michael.." I moan as he kisses my neck while we are still in the pool. But no one is around so it's perfectly ok with me. "My turn." I tease and lift his head with my hands as I leave small kisses along his jawline. He moans a little and I suck on his neck a little to tease him. "Oh my god Avery.." "Yes?" I say innocently. "That's it!" He picks me up and pulls me closer to his body. I wrap my legs around his waist and crash my lips onto his. His tongue glides along my lip and I let it enter my mouth. Our tongues do a little dance and I pull back both of us breathing heavily. "Dear god Avery you're so good at that." "I know." I simply say and hop down off of him and get out of the pool. I grab my towel and wipe the back of my neck off. I take notice that Michael is just watching me so I smile and take my hair down knowing it's his favorite thing and it is also my way of initiating to him that it's about to get serious. He gets really excited when he sees my hair down and runs towards me and I give a little shriek and run towards the hotel. I make it to our room and realize I forgot the key so I turn around only to be stopped by Michael shoving me against the door smirking and holding up the key. He unlocks the door and grabs my waist backing me into the room. "You ready for this? Because it's happening." He says smirking. He kisses me untying my black bikini top. It drops to the floor and he goes for my bottoms when i stop him and pull his down first. He pulls mins down and shoves me on to the bed. This boy makes my whole body tingle every second I'm with him.