
Usually going into a forest especially when it's dark is the last thing I wanted to do. This time I made an exception considering I was going with my twin sister Ira. " why are we here ?" I ask Ira as we walk deeper into the darkness of the forest. " because I need to show you something that's happening to me ......and I don't think it's a good thing," she says. " we'll show me what's going on , then if its bad I will help you get through it," I reassure her. She doesn't say anything then she sighs. " ......ok," she finally answers. " there's only been two things going on with me so far, first the color of my eyes," she says as she comes face to face with me. I look at her eyes and watch as her beautiful dark brown eyes ( same color as mine) changed to a brownish/goldish color. " that's amazing ," I say with wide eyes. Ira ignores me and continues. " the second thing ....," her voice trails off. She walks to the nearest tree and places her hand on it. Nothing happens at first then as I watch blue sparks of electricity appear from under her hand. I watch in awe as the blue sparks grow and grow until it takes down the tree completely. I stand there shocked as the blue lightning doesn't destroy anything else but simply evaporates when Ira lifts her hand from the tree. " I think what's happening to you is a good thing ," I finally decide. In response Ira turns away from me and walks farther away from me and grabs tightly to a tree branch. Then she starts screaming as if being engulfed in flames. As I get closer I realize what was happening as soon as I saw feathers sprouting from her back. When her wings finally grew into full length about a minute later I couldn't help but stare. My sisters wings were breathtaking. Her wings were silver, and edged in a deep black. I come towards Ira and she turns around tears falling down her cheeks, and her long dark brown hair flailing around in the wind. " what if I hurt someone?,"she asks through tears. " you wouldn't ," I say. " I JUST CAN'T PRETEND LIKE I WILL NEVER HURT ANYONE!! ," Ira shouts. I come towards her attempting to reassure my sister but she holds her hand out in front of her and a tingling sensation goes through my body. I'm on the ground and I see Ira frantically crying and running towards me. She sits beside me and says repeatedly through tears " I'm sorry, I didn't want to hurt you Miara , I'm sorry...," then my vision blurs and I'm submerged into total darkness.