
Chapter 1: first day of hell.
Ashley's P.O.V
I heard the alarm rings. Very loudly. I groaned turning the alarm off and fell back asleep.
I heard someone knock the door but I ignore the knocks and continue sleeping pretending doesn't hear anything.
"Ashley, wake up sweetie. Time to go and shower." That's my mum. Allison Styles, the woman I would always be proud to call my mum.
"Okay, mum." I get up and grab my towel.
After taking 15 minutes of shower, I grab a tank top, blazer and a pair of skinny jeans. I don't use cropped tops. Don't get me wrong, I like cropped tops but it will flesh my scars. Yea, I cut...a lot.
After getting ready, I grabbed my bag and get out of my room.
"Morning dad." I said.
"Morning, sweetheart." He answered.
"Are you excited to come back to school?" Dad asked. No dad I would never call hell a place of excitement.
"Uh? Yes..too excited." I said. Sense my sarcasm.
After eating cereals, I hugged Mum and Dad and wave them goodbye. I got into my car and drove off to high school. A place I hated the most out of all my life.
How can I not hate it? It's where I got addicted to cutting, not believing myself. I just couldn't resist blades if they are in front of me.
Once I reached school, I quickly get to the nearest washroom and puke everything out. Not forgetting, I have bullimia. Do I really look like a happy soul anyways?
"Ash? Ash is that you?" A voice calling my name.
"Yeah, it's me." I answer, coughing slightly. I get out of the cubicle and wash my mouth.
That's Audrey. My one and only best friend. She knows I would puke everything out every morning after eating breakfast. She know me too well than my parents, I guess?
"Hey audrey, I miss you." I told Audrey to break the silence.
She hugs me. I hugged her back. God, I miss this girl.
"I miss you too. Ash, didn't you told me you're going to stop puking." She speaks. Her voice cracks, don't cry Audrey.
"Hey,hey. Don't cry Audrey. I'm trying but it seems so hard." I said looking to the ground.
She grab my wrist and walk outside. Probably bell's going to ring, that's why she's rushing.
I went to my locker and grab my stuffs for lesson. As always, notes are there to pull me down. Down as fuck.
Didn't I told you I'm stubborn? So I decided to read it.
Wow the notes are hilarious though.
"Welcome back, whore. Hell is waiting for you."
"Can you survive for the second year of hell? Doubt so."
"Can't wait to see you being hurt, cry okay? It feels so good seeing you cry."
I crushed those papers and throw it inside my locker and lock it. First day of school and my feeling are ruined. Audrey knows about the notes but she doesn't know that they are still sending me notes now!
"Ash, you okay?" Audrey's voice snapped me out of my thoughts.