
My p.o.v. this is my first story so sorry if there is a lot of mistakes i hope u will like it and i am only ten so it will have a lot of mistakes.
It is the day of ninth grade so exited about going to high school you run to the school. Once you have gotten there you realized that no one was there. So you thought that maybe everybody is late for the first day well u look at the time and says oh. Maybe i'm a little to early for school. So you just walk home and notice by the time you got home it was time to go back to school. So you angrily walk back to school. When two boys walk up to you and say are you ok you seem mad. "Yes i am mad". The one boy said ''What made you so mad''? You say well i was to exited i came to school to early and when i found out i walked back and to my house and when i got there it was time to go to school. The boy said ''That happened to me to on my first day of ninth grade''. You say so this is your first day of tenth grade. the boy said ''yes i am so i'm wondering what is your name''You say Y/N. The boy says what a pretty name for a pretty girl. You say what is your name. The boy says SnakeMan. You say what a interesting name. As that goes by its the end of the first day of school and you are walking home and when you got home you sat down and told your mom everything.
You are getting up to go to school and your mom says Y/N somebody is here for you. You say ok i'm coming. You walk out and it was SnakeMan. SnakeMan says do you want to walk to school together.  You say yes. When you got to school everyone was talking about about a prom. You and SnakeMan were so confused so we walked to the principles office to ask. The principle said yes we are but only the guys ask no girls can ask. You say ok thank you. SnakeMan said''Well thats crazy only guys can ask  i bet you girls can only ask next year''.You say in a shyly way oh wow only girls can ask. So its the end of school and your walking home and you said''Bye SnakeMan see you tomorrow''. You thought about about the prom and thought that know one would ask you to prom. And you also wondering about next year when girls have't to ask the boys to prom. You thought about who you were going to ask out next year if only girls can ask. after a wile you fall asleep. You woke up to go to school but you noticed SnakeMan didn't come to pick you up. So you walk to school by your self when you noticed SnakeMan was walking with another girl. You are so jealous you walk over to hi and say i thought i was your best friend. He says i can have more then one friend. You walk away in a angrily way. That day after school you got a text from SnakeMan saying meat me outside. You walk outside when you saw flowers and a card.