
4 years ago from today, Maddie Monroe sat in the cold school gym crying. She went through another day of being bullied. Moonlight shone through the tall windows. Another day waiting for her angel. Another day of slowly losing faith. She picked up her head from her knees at the sound of the steel door being pushed open. Her bullies' laughs filled the air. "Don't be afraid, Maddie. We just want to hang out.." The leader of them said. "Well..I don't.." Maddie replied timidly. Another set of laughter. The bullies slowly grew closer. Maddie was against the wall. Fear, in her eyes. Horror took over her, she couldn't speak. This is the day...finally. She thought to herself. She wouldn't have to live another wretched day on Earth. The leader grabbed her by the collar of her shirt, a punch landing in her face. She winced. She was nearly used to the pain. The others grabbed her by her arms and legs and pulled her. A rag was immediately placed on her mouth to muffle her screams. She said silent goodbyes in her head. They threw her out the door, into the ally. At this hour, the heavy metal gates enclosed the area. The first thing she did was run to the gate. She grabbed hold of the black metal bars, pulling herself up. She felt a sharp pain in her back, followed by more. Rocks. They were throwing rocks. The stinging was too much to handle. She let go, falling to the ground below. They dragged her to the center. The leader still held a rock. He put his hand up a little as if to say,"Wait. Let me think." The others complied as he scanned the glass window above. CRASH. Glass rained down, giving everyone small cuts. The leader picked up the longest, sharpest shard of glass. He looked it over in his hands, smiling grimly at the terrified fourteen year old before him. She couldn't move. She tried, she really couldn't. He sat on his knees so he was on her level. He took the knife, slicing the skin across her nose. Maroon blood almost immediately poured from the open wound. Her eyes bulged and silvery tears mixed with the blood. The pain was almost unbearable. The leader took her chin in his hand, raising the knife. Another good slit down her left cheek. She let out a muffled scream. He chuckled. "Now, Maddie. Your eye has got to go." He pointed at her right eye with the bloody shard of glass. "I want you to do it yourself." He handed her the glass. "I...n..NO!" She wailed, almost numb from the pain. "Do it, or both of your eyes go." He challenged her. Maddie looked at the glass, the moon's reflection bouncing off of it. She took a firm grip on the shard and swallowed. "DO IT!" The bullies screamed. Maddie quickly took the knife and shoved it into her right eye. A blood curdling scream filled the air. Half of her vision was maroon colored and dripping down her face. She fell unconscious, blood covering her. * My eyes opened. Bright lights filled my sight. Something must be wrong with my right eye I thought. "She-she's awake!" Mom yelled from beside me. "M..mom? Where am I?" I looked up at my crying mother. "The hospital, sweetie." Dad said from my other side. The memories from last night took over my mind. I slowly started to get up, limping towards the bathroom. People aided me, guided me, helped me walk. I flicked on the lights, still looking at the ground. I slowly looked up at my hideous face. I started to cry. Scars. One eye. What is this? I fell to the ground sobbing.* Maddie had just got done with her last day of being homeschooled for the summer. She was thinking about enrolling in an online college. She was just about to go to her room when she heard her parents talking in the kitchen. "Mike..haven't you noticed her acting a bit..monotone lately?" Her mother whispered to her father. "A little..I accidentally walked in on her doing her 'research' for college. Research as in looking at and studying different murdering techniques!" Her father said. Maddie narrowed her eyes and stomped into the kitchen. "I hope I'm not interrupting something." Maddie said blankly, looking back and forth between her parents. "Um, no, sweetie!" Her mother lied. She glared at them and ran to her room. That night, the house was silent. Her parents were out of the house, watching a movie. Her little brother, James, was in his room playing video games. Maddie laid on her bed, holding her head in her hands. "They're watching me. They're waiting for me." She rocked back and forth. She chuckled. "Just wait." She said. Her family was into hunting. They always have been. With that, there were many guns to get rid of. She knew the first thing her parents would do is try to defend themselves. She tore on a leather jacket over her white tank top. She took off her pajama pants and replaced them with skinny jeans. She rushed to her closet to get her converse. "Now..I'm ready." She said with another chuckle. She got rid of all the guns besides 2 handguns which she put in her pockets. She searched her father's drawer. She knew it was in there somewhere. She felt her fingernail hit something and make a clink noise. She pulled it out. A long, sharp knife. Maddie smiled and chuckled once more. She knew they were watching. Tempting her to do this. She had the urge to. "Hey, James!" She said darkly as she walked into her 12 year old brother's room. Hey replied by waving. He didn't notice what she held. With the knife, Maddie cut the wires from the TV and video game console. "Maddie! What the hell was that for?!" James threw the controller across the room. Maddie looked at her brother with one eye. "I think you need to get active." Maddie said with anger and hatred in her voice. "You don't have an ugly face! You haven't been homeschooled for 4 years!" She screamed at her brother. He has noticed her dark attitude by now. He starting to shake, getting scared. He didn't speak. "You know what, James? You deserve to die. You don't hate yourself everyday. You walk around freely. You don't understand how I feel! I can't do that! Now you...you will be ugly too!" Maddie said with hysterical laughter at the end. James backed up and grabbed a baseball bat. "Maddie, don't.." He said. She lunged anyways, stabbing his hand that held the baseball bat. He thought she was just playing. Just pretending! She hurt him.. "James, where's your hunting knife?" She looked over her shoulder at James. She moved her dark brown hair from her eyes. Blood oozed from his hand. "My top drawer! My top drawer!" He cried. Maddie walked to the drawer, pulling out an almost identical knife to the other one. She ran to the kitchen to get more knives. James followed her, wielding the bat. She turned around. Maddie raised her foot and kicked him onto the ground. He winced, holding his stomach. She walked over to him and kicked the bat away. Taking the knives in her hand, she pinned his limbs to the wooden floor with them. He screamed, his arms and legs being impaled. "That's not even the worse part!" She said, taking his jaw in her gloved hands. She pulled with all of her strength. His jaw was tearing, bleeding almost endlessly it seemed. James stared up at his older sister, screaming as loud as he could. "Shh, James. You don't want to wake the neighbors, do you?" The 18 year old put a bloody finger to her lips. "How about we take that tongue out first?" Maddie suggested, taking her father's knife in hand. She put it to his tongue. "Hold still, James." She said. Maddie sawed his tongue off, leaving James writhing and making gurgling moans. She threw the bloody pulp of a tongue aside, finishing tearing off his broken jaw. She let out a chuckle, throwing her brother's jaw near the front door, soaking the mat in blood. James shook his head violently, tears silver in the moonlight. "James, you just don't understand, do you? Everyone has a perfect face. They're all so beautiful. But I'm ugly. Now I will make everyone ugly." She said, standing over James. With knife in hand, Maddie cut into his chest. Ripping out his bloody lungs, she said,"Now you're ugly." She watched her choking brother struggle to stay alive. He looked around the room, looking for anything. The last thing he saw was his older sister. Maddie exhaled deeply and leaned against the opposite wall of James. She looked at the bloody figure that was now her little brother. "I'm sorry." She said gently. "Now we just have to wait for mom and dad.." She said grimly once again. About 20 minutes later, the doorknob turned. Maddie stood in front of the door, knife in hand. She heard her parents giggle at a joke. When they stepped inside they would not giggle. When the door opened, her parents stood in shock. "You bitch!" Her father said, looking at his son's mangled body. Before he could do anything, Maddie ran at full speed into him, slitting his throat. Blood sprayed on her face, but she remained calm. She shut and locked the door, pulling out a gun. She pointed the gun at her terrified mother. "Hello, mommy." Maddie said, chuckling. "D-darling! Why did you d-do it?" Her mother asked, shaking violently and weeping. "Because I was tired of all the beautiful people. I didn't want to be the only ugly one. And soon, you'll be ugly just like me and James." Maddie smiled, blood from her father on her teeth. Her mother, Claire, reached for the phone. Maddie pushed her back. "Nuh-uh-uh, mom!" She said, wagging a finger at her trembling mother. Maddie inched closer to the frightened woman. Before she could raise a fist, Maddie was knocked out. Her father stood, caressing his wife's face. He was suffocating. * Maddie's eye opened. She was in the backseat of her car. Her mother was driving. Maddie stood, causing her mother to jump. "M-mom? Where are we going?""The police station." Replied Claire, less afraid from her daughter's innocent approach."But why?""Y-you killed..you killed dad and James." She told her now crying daughter. Maddie's tears turned to blood. Blood poured from her nose and mouth. "What's wrong mommy?" Maddie asked. A chuckle escaped her lips. She grabbed the steering wheel, moving to the far right. The car swerved, sliding into a muddy ditch. The windows broke, and glass impaled her innocent mother's throat. She reached out to Maddie, grasping at her daughter's throat. Claire was dead. With a shard of glass, Maddie stuck it into her mother's eye. She caressed her face one last time before disappearing into the night. *THE END *