
"Nothing. I'm fine. I'm happy for Alice and Frank, really, I am, but I guess I'm a bit jealous. They get to go out and they've been with each other for so long and I haven't even had a first date. Every single boy that asks me out, I end up getting stood up by," I say, tears piercing my eyes, threatening to spill. I look out the window, "Oh, look, we are here," I say in a monotone, dashing out of the car. I get two trolleys for us and we load our trunks on them.
We walk into the station after speaking a quick goodbye to Mrs. Lupin. We casually lean against the wall between 9 and 10 and when it seems no one is looking, we fall through, pulling our luggage with us. I look around and see the welcoming sight of the Scarlet steam engine that is the Hogwarts Express.
"MOONY!!!" James Potter and Sirius Black run towards us and tackle Remus. I roll my eyes, "Remus," I say, catching his attention, "again, thanks for the ride, neighbor!"
I quickly go to the train and find the girls in our usual compartment. We chat and get caught up even though we saw each other two weeks ago. Alice wonders off to find Frank and Mary is absorbed into her book. Marlene brings up something, "So, Lils, did you find a boyfriend this summer?"
I shoot her a look, "What do you think, Marlene? I've told you I've given up because for the past four years, I've been stood up by every guy that has asked me out! I'm not going to risk being dumped before they get to know me again!"
"There's one person you've kept shooting down that wouldn't do that," Marlene mutters.
I stare at her as if she has grown a second head, "You are kidding me right? Potter doesn't like me. He just asks me out to annoy m-"
Marlene cuts me off, "How do you know, Lily? Has he told you that he asks you out to annoy you?"
"No, but-"
"No buts Lily! Maybe, just maybe, Lils, he truly likes you and has been waiting on you this whole time!"
"I still won't say yes," I mutter, "he's too arrogant, vain, and a bully. I've got to go to the Heads Meeting." I get up and walk out into the corridor.
James POV
"Again, thanks for the ride, neighbor!" Lily says before she hurries away to the train. I round on Remus furiously once she is out of earshot.
"Neighbor?! Remus, you've been neighbors with Lily, the girl I love, this whole time and didn't tell me?!" I roar.
Remus just looks at me calmly as we board the train, "James, I have a perfectly good reason to as why I never relayed that information to you. Lily dislikes you, does she not? If you were to just show up at her house without invitation, she would most likely hex you. Not to mention her horrid sister would be bloody rude to you."
We reach our compartment, which has our group name, Marauders, carved into the doorway in Sirius' chicken scratch. Sirius flops down onto one of the seats and Remus and I sit on the other side.
"Wait, Remus, what do you mean by 'her horrid sister'? I thought her sister was nice," I ask, having absorbed what he's said.
"Well, then, you have certainly not met Petunia Evans, then," he says sourly, "I met her two summers ago. She has a huge disliking for 'our kind'. Meaning witches and wizards. She is completely rude to Lily. She thinks of us as freaks and as Hogwarts as a freak school. Do you remember last summer when Lily got onto the train and her cheek was red and swollen? How she said she tripped and fell?"
I nod, remembering, and he continues, "That's not true. She had argued with Petunia about telling Petunia's boyfriend about Lily's being a witch. Petunia was going to tell him she went to a troubled school, but when Lily argued, Petunia slapped her and called her a freak."