
(Quinn's POV)
I woke up to hear Noah screaming and crying so I got out of bed and put my robe on then walked into his room to calm him down. I picked him up and sat in the rocking chair then started to rock back and forth to calm him "mommy is here now baby boy, just rest." I said to him and he nodded and calmed a bit. We stayed in the rocking chair for two hours Noah and I were both asleep, him asleep peacefully in my arms but it didn't stay like that for long cause my phone started to go off and woke Noah up "Noah it's just my phone going off." He nodded and I put him back into his bed then answered the phone.
Me: Hello?
Rachel: Hey Quinn
Me: Hey Rach, what's up?
Rachel: Can I come over?
Me: Yeah, just walk in and say that you're here
Rachel: Okay, do I have to be quiet though?
Me: No, Noah is awake now
Rachel: Okay, bye Quinn
Me: Bye Rach
I hung up and got Noah dressed then went to my room to get dressed too.
"Hey Quinn I'm here." Rachel said while walking in.
"I'm just getting dressed." I said finishing getting dressed then walked out of my room. I walked over to Rachel and hugged her and she hugged back.
"So..how are you and Noah?" She said smiling.
"I'm good but Noah is a bit upset." I said then kissed the top of her head. Noah came out of his room while rubbing his eyes, I smiled and looked at him "hey baby boy." I said and picked him up.
"Hi mommy." Noah said.
"Hey Noah." Rachel said and kissed his head.
All Noah did was look at Rachel and do nothing not even smile. I put him down then he went to go play with his toys "Noah you only have 10 minutes to play with your toys till we have to get you to school." I said to him.
"Okay mommy." He said.
I smiled and went to go pack his book bag, Rachel came up behind me and wrapped her arms around my waist which made me jump.
"Did I scare you?" She asked.
"A bit." I smiled then finished packing Noah's bag. 10 minutes later I got him into the car and got in myself, Rachel sat in the passenger seat then I started to drive off.
☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺
Gez_Glee_JLS came up with book idea so I thank her