
Lily POV
"FREAK! WAKE UP! YOU NEED TO LEAVE FOR FREAK SCHOOL!" my 'lovely' sister Petunia shrieks up the stairs. I stand up, stretching until I hear the small pop of my back. I make my bed and walk around my bedroom picking up any last minute items to put into my trunk, my feet padding across the carpet.
After I put away everything and shut my heavy trunk, I go over to my wardrobe and grab a pair of black skinny jeans with rips in them and my red Gryffindor sweatshirt to pull over my black tank top. I pin my Head Girl badge onto my sweatshirt. I slip on a pair of gold flats and grab my wand. I step over to my vanity mirror and tap my wand to my head and my hair turns into a perfect messy bun. I stick my wand into my bun and grab my trunk. I pull it down the hallway and to the stairs. Since Petunia is at the bottom of the stairs, I can't levitate the trunk and I can't carry it without falling, so I ask my father to help me.
"Dad?" I call.
"Yes Pumpkin?" he yells back from what sounded like the direction of the kitchen.
"Can you come help me get my trunk down the stairs please?"
"Yes, I'm coming!" He jogs up the stairs and grabs one of the trunk handles while I grab the other one. We pick it up and slowly make our way down the carpeted staircase. We set it down next to the front door.
"Thanks, dad," I smile giving him a hug.
"You're welcome, now, how about some toast and milk before the Lupins arrive to take you to King's Cross?"
I walk into the kitchen and my mum hands me a piece of toast and a cold glass of milk. I smile my thanks and walk into the dining room with her. Mum sits down next to Petunia, who is rambling about her whale-ish boyfriend, Vernon Dursley. I sit at the end of the table with my father.
"Oh, mum, Vernon is really wonderful! I can't wait to go to dinner with his family tomorrow!" Petunia gushes. Dad looks over at me and rolls his eyes. I giggle and hear the doorbell.
I excuse myself and get up, dashing to the door. I open it and there stands a smiling Remus Lupin, the most sensible of the Marauders, my neighbor, and one of my close friends. I hug him quickly, "You showed up just in time, Remus," I smile, "I thought I was going to end up hexing Petunia! She wouldn't shut her bloody mouth about her horrid boyfriend!"
Remus laughs as he steps inside, "Good Morning to you too, Lily. Oh, and congratulations on getting the Head Girl position!"
"Thanks!" I exclaim.
My parents come over to the door, "Ready to go?" They ask.
We nod and Remus and I carry my trunk to his mum's car. It lands in the trunk of the car with a thump. I wave goodbye to my parents and slide into the car next to Remus.
"So how was your summer?" I ask Remus.
"Well, I mainly stayed home except for those three times I went to Potter Manor, for...well...you know," he says, frowning. I do know what he's talking about. I know Remus Lupin is a werewolf. I don't judge him for it though. He's still my friend.
"I understand, Remus." I smile at him reassuringly.
"So how was your summer, Lily?" He says, evidently wanting to change the subject.
"Well, I went to the beach with Mary, Alice, and Frank. Actually, it felt really like only Mary was there with me. Alice and Frank were too wrapped up with each other," I sigh.
"What's a matter?" Remus asks.