
Oh my god. Year 11 already, where does the time go? I have very few friends, teachers don't approve of me because I am a little loud at times but I love the friends that I do have, I am so grateful for them. I receive my timetable first thing this morning. I pray to god that I do not have P.E. I want an educational lesson that will help me gain GCSEs.
I walk into tutor to receive the timetable, our teachers, Mrs Simmons and Mr Hibbert gave out the timetables. Mr Hibbert is my English teacher, he is so plain and boring, he has no personality what-so-ever. Mrs Simmons is a really kind teacher who always gives advice to those who needed it, she is a Music teacher.
I have Science this morning with a new teacher that has joined called Mr. Vulcano. I like that last name, it doesn't sound very plain and British. I am still dreading to meet him though, my first impression that I give is usually a loud "HI". I am asking around to see if anyone else has him. A girl called Alice, who I dislike, has him as well. I just politely smile.
I am walking up to the class, preparing myself to be calmer this time round. All of a sudden I feel hands on my shoulders, I jump but it's only Freya. She has been my friend for about 2 years, she's great. "I'm in your class, who's this Vulcano dude, I want Bolton dude back". Mr Bolton was the kindest teacher ever but he moved to Birmingham therefore he couldn't teach us anymore. He let us get away with anything, he promised us that we'd get a nice teacher so here we are. I really hope he is nice. "Haha, Bolton was a top guy, ugly as hell though" I shout, we both snigger.
We've waited 12 minutes, eventually he turns up, I didn't see him at first. He came walking up behind us, "Oh my god, people, I am so sorry, haha, I was caught up with Mr Lenehan, he wouldn't let me go, you know that history teacher right?" Mr. Vulcano shouts, he has this adorable American accent. I jump out of my skin though, he frightened me. Mr. Vulcano opens the door to the classroom. I've never seen a teacher so attractive, I turn to Freya and smile."Okay, I've got a seating plan on my desk, Georgia, you start filling up the front row, Dalton you next to her, Paul you sit next to Dalton... aye wait a second, who am I kiddin'? Sit where you want!" Vulcano laughs. Me and Freya go to the back of the classroom. "Isn't he just beautiful" I whisper to Freya while getting our text books out."Meh, have you seen his weight?" Freya replies."You are so judgemental, gotta agree though, he's gonna be a good teacher"Freya nods at me.