
Ross POV
I leaned back a little and my eyes were the size of the moon. "Y-you what?" I asked. She chuckled a little. "I'm in love with you Ross Shor Lynch." She brushed some hair out of my eyes. I didn't move. I couldn't. I just sat there staring at her. Taking in her beauty. I think I'm creeping her out. Say something.
I just hugged her and cried in her neck again. She squeezed me tighter and rubbed my back. "You have no idea how long I've been waiting to hear that." I cried. She kissed my neck and leaned her head on mine.
I calmed down after a few minutes so she could start packing. That's when our random conversations came...
Me: do you still like pie?Cora: where the hell did that come from?Me: I'm hungry. ----
Cora: how can you like sushi? It's raw fish. Me: maybe the fish like to be eaten raw. Cora: I'll eat you raw. Me: that's cannibalism missy. Cora: you're cannibalism. Me:...----
Cora: SHOT THROUGH THE HEART AND YOURE TO BLAME. YOU GIVE LOVE A BAD NAME!Me: what the hell?
----Cora: Peeta.Me: Gale.Cora: Peeta.Me: Gale.Cora: PEETA!Me: why the hell am I discussing this?
----Me: why do you hate your first name?Cora: because it's dumb. They could've made my first name Cora and my middle name Lynn. But no! They had to do Coralynn.Me: I think it's pretty. Cora: Whatever.Me: what is your middle name?Cora: not telling you. Me: BOO!----
After about an hour of packing all of her stuff, I drove her to the airport.
After hours of checking bags and going through security, we sat on the plane. She had the middle seat, but thankfully no one was next to her. I had the window. Haha sucker. She laid her head on my shoulder and fell asleep. I rested my head on hers and watched some old home videos of us when we were younger.
August 16th 2000:
Stormie: Ross! Cora! Look at momma
( 4 year old Ross turns around holding Coras hand and waves)
Ross: hi momma!Stormie: Cora, honey are you okay?
(Cora starts crying and Ross hugs her)
Ross: it's okay CorCor.
Stormie: Awe- RIKER! STEO AWAY FROM THE COOKIE JAR!
April 17 2001:
All: HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR CORA! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!( a now 6 year old Cora blows out candles and Ross hugs her)
Ross: now you're older than me (cross arms and fake pouts) no fair.
Cora: (giggles and kisses his cheek) it's okay Rossy. You're cuter
Ross: (smiled and shoves hand into his cake then his mouth) want a piece?
Cora: (shakes her head) no thank you.
December 29 2001:
Ross: now we are the same age again CorCor!
Cora: BOO! (Fake pouts)
Ross: (kisses her cheek and eats her cake)
We were so adorable. I looked out the window then over to Cora. She was hugging my arm and her head was hanging down. I kissed her head and pulled out my phone.
"@rossr5: I'm so happy to have my CorCor back 💛💜💛💜 ily @coralynn417"
I attached a picture I took of us and sent the tweet. "Attention passengers we are about to make our final descent into Los Angeles please fasten your seat belts." I really don't want to wake her up. I sighed and gently shook her with my shoulder. "Cora. We're about to land." She moaned and fluttered her eyes open. "I want to sleep." Her words were sort of slurred. "You can when we get in the car. Riker is picking us up." After me, she is closest with Riker. After I said that she shot awake. "I'm up!" I laughed and kissed her cheek.