
Levi's POV: I was in love with her she was beautiful and all around perfect in every way. Tall, tan, amazing eyes unlike any other. She was gone... It has been 4 years since she disappeared. There were rumors thatshe was kidnapped and killed some said she left because she wanted to. Others don't know why. She's been on my mind for four years now. I wish i could've told her how i felt.
I kept thinking about her as i searched for my dorm room. I was going to Maria Wall College. Weird name for a college but its what ever. I find my room and luckily its empty. I set my stuff down on the bed. Then i hear the door open.
"Listen i have a few rules about rooming with other people so listen carefully." I turned around to see someone i wasn't expecting..two people actually.
"Rules later son we have things to discuss."
"Dr. Jeagar?!"
"Yes. It is I"
"This whole town hasn't seen you in 4  years where have you been where's Eriana, what happened to you guys when did you get a son.?" i looked over at the boy nexted to him.
"All will be explained Levi just calm down and have a seat." I sat down oj my bed and they sat on the bed across from me.
"Now I understand you may know my wife had died 4 years ago just before we left this being a small town and all. Well we left because after my wifes death Eren and I had been going threw a rough patch with family matters back in Germany." I just nodded. Then i became confused who was Eren?
"Wait Dr. Jeagar who's Eren?" he pointed to the boy next to him. I just nodded.
"Anyway when we got back to Germany our family had gone down the drain because of Carla's suicide that her family and mine believed it was Erens doing. So in order to get their respect we spent a year proving them wrong. We were hoping to leave after we got their approval we were going to leave but our family said otherwise. Do you understand?" i understood clearly that Dr. Jeagars family was bat shit nuts.
"What happened to Eriana."
"Who?"
"Your daughter sir."
"Oh my goodness its been so long since I've had a daughter i completely forgot."
"Forget ?! How could you possibly forget someone as amazing and wonderful as her!?"
"My apologies Levi but "she" is sitting right next to me."
"So you mean that that boy Eren next to you is really Eriana?"
"Indeed"
"So that would make him-" suddenly i was cut off by him
"Oh my fucking god Levi I'm transgender. Female to male. Meaning I'm a boy. For someone who's smart you are really fucking dumb."
"But Eriana you-"
"Its Eren dumb ass."
"Eren whatever why did you-"
"Become a boy well its like any other transgender person i felt one way on the inside even if the outside didn't show it."
"This is all so sudden. Why are you telling me this. Does Mikasa know."
"Yes your sister knows. She was a little more accepting."
"Eren be nice." he rolled his eyes.
"Well I'm telling you since our families are so close and i need someone to look out after Eren in case there are any complications concerning his "transformation" if you will."