
Kiyo switched his gaze at Jackal. Jackal's fist connected on Kiyo's face. He kept his balance and was pushed back.
Kiyo rubbed his cheek. "That's some punch you got there, but if that's all you've got then you are gonna be a sinch to deal with."
Jackal began to cackle.  "What's so funny...?" Kiyo asked.
Jackal pointed at Kiyo's face. "Why don't you look for yourself."
"Huh for myself..." Kiyo glanced down to see his cheek glowing.
"W- what is going on?" Kiyo asked.
"The answer is simple. Anytime you are touched by me I can do this..."
Before Kiyo could react a explosion happened directly on his face. Smoke and debris filled the area as Jackal laughed.
When the smoke cleared Kiyo was left on the ground unconsious.
Jackal walked up to Kiyo's body and examined him. "Not dead huh... What's this guy made of..."
He sneered and touched Kiyo's head. "I guess it doesn't matter since he'll be dead in just a moment..."
"Wait just a moment Jackal." Tempester said as he called to Jackal.
Jackal brought his hand back. "What is it Tempester?" He said as he looked to the side.
"He isn't any ordinary human, I'm sure he could make an excellent demon if we take him back to Kyôka."
Jackal stood up and turned around. "Fine, whatever. Let's finish destroying this village now. I'm itching to blow something up."
"Fair enough..."
Jackal ran in the direction of the untouched village and Tempester grabbed Kiyo as he followed behind Jackal.
The two watched as the town burned. "The scent is amazing. All of the burning flesh... Pitiful humans." Tempester said.
"Took you two long enough..." A female voice called from behind the two.
The turned to see a blond haired girl whom was a bit on the short side. "I'm sorry Hina we had a bit of a bump in the road..." Tempester said glancing at Kiyo's still unconscious body.
Jackal let out a laugh. "He wasn't too tough. I took care of him easily."
"Oh is that why you're all cut up...?" Tempester said.
"Tch... Shut up..."
"Look I don't care why you two are late but what I do want to know is why you're bringing.... This one with you..." Hina said as she stared at Kiyo's face.
"Tempester thinks that this guy will make a good demon to help us aquire what we want." Jackal said.
Hina stared at the three. "Very well, come along. We'll ask Kyôka what she thinks and if he can handle it then we'll have Lamy convert him."
The three walked down the path towards the guild of Tartaros, unaware of what was going to unfold.
A/N Here is the first chapter guys. Hope you enjoy and support this series, it means a lot. Chapter two will be coming soon so check for updates.