
Hermione's pov
" she can't do that , we need to pass our O.W.Ls " , I looked at the headmistress's face like she was crazy . No one , and I mean no one would do that . If your wondering what i'm talking about , professor McGonagall just told us we won't have classes for the next month . And of course , the great hall filled with 6th and 7th year students erupted into cheers .
" Not too happy with the news , are we granger ? " malfoy's voice came from behind me .
Great , and here i thought that we will have peace this year . But its clear malfoy has other ideas .
" Oi children , be quiet McGonagall is talking " nearly headless nick , the gryffindor house ghost , said .
" Students under 6th years will be going to their dormitories. And i'll have an announcement for 6th and 7th year students . For those of you who don't know the ministry decided that you lot need to know how to deal with having a family , so the Hogwarts staff came up with a brilliant idea . " , I could clearly see the excitement on McGonagall's old face , " each two students will be partnered together to have their own dorm , and you will have to take care of a child " before anyone interrupts her , she quickly added , " girls will be pregnant for a month , with a magical child of course not a real one "
Everyone started gossiping and choosing their partners , but all came to an end when McGonagall said something that caught our attention
" The sorting hat will say your names each pair that hear their names will have have to stand here , and i will have no objections "
The sorting hat started saying the names of people I recognized and people i didn't know .
" Harry Potter and Ginny Weasley " they stood up , both having goofy smiles on their faces .
" Blaise Zabini and Luna lovegood "
" Seamus Finnagan and Lavender Brown "
" Ron Weasley and Pansy Parkinson "
" Dean thomas and Cho Chang "
" Theodore Nott and Daphne Greengrass "
" Vincent Crabbe and Padma Patil "
" Draco Malfoy and Hermione Granger " All eyes were on us no one dared to talk .
" I'm not having a child with her ,i won't let a child of mine associate with the likes of her , nor am i going to live with her " Malfoy broke the silence.
" The feeling is mutual , ferret " , was my only responce . Because what can i really do McGonagall made it clear that its not going to change .