
Hermione's pov
When I left Malfoy , I directly when to Headmistress McGonagall's office to knock some sence into her head . I knocked on the door leading to her office.
"Come in " , McGonagall muttered.
" Good evening professor , I wanted to talk to you about the parenting classes"
" If it is about your partner , we can't replace him "
" But professor you know that Malfoy and I do not get along very well . We can't stand looking at each other , let alone live together "
" I'm sorry Ms. Granger , but I'm afraid we can't do anything about the matter " she said  calmly while looking at some papers she has to sort
" Please do something , how would I be able to stand malfoy who treats me as if I don't deserve to stand on the same ground he stands on "
After I said that , I heard the voice I loathed.
" Oh really ? Get over yourself Granger , as if I want to stay in the same place you're in , my life would be destroyed "
" There is something called knocking, Mr. Malfoy " , McGonagall snapped . ha , take that you stupid bouncy ferret !
" For the last time Malfoy , I don't want you in my life either. But it seems that is too much to ask for "
" Now now Mr. Malfoy and Ms. Granger , this is not a way to treat your partner " , thank you professor that was really helpful.
We headed to the hall still insulting each other.
I've had enough . " Listen Malfoy , I don't want anything from you . Just stop annoying me with your stupid insults ! "
" You started Granger , and my insults aren't stupid , they're nothing but witty " my god , he's so full of himself. I would rather die than apologize .
" C'mon 7th and 6th year students , each two partners are to stand together to go to their dorms " , nearly headless nick , while clapping .
I started talking to Harry and ignored that annoying ferret .
" Oh hey there hermione , what's up ? " he said laughing and glancing at Malfoy .
" Just drop it Harry ! "
" I think your dorm will explode on the first day ! " that traitor has the nerve to laugh. If he's got someone as annoying as Malfoy he won't be laughing at me . But he has Ginny Weasley as his partner . Weasley ! Weasley !
" Harry ? "
" What ? "
" Where is Ron ?? " I asked , wondering who is his partner .
" At the back , with Pansy Parkinson . " he burst out laughing and I couldn't help but laugh too . Because hey , one could only wonder what their child would be like.
" I feel sorry for him , he's got to put up with all her shit "
" Don't forget you have to put up with Malfoy's shit too " oh god , he really needs to remind me . Life is unfair.
" Can you just stop doing that ! " that jerk just continued laughing .
I looked at Malfoy beside me " What's wrong with Pansy ? " , he asked with a raised eyebrow.
" She's with Ron , don't worry about your girlfriend's pretty ass , Ron would never fight with her " , little did I know that what I said is far from the truth.
" Aaaaaaah , get your filthy hands off of me !! " , Pansy Parkinson's voice came from behind .