
"So you're pretty much being a babysitter that doesn't get paid. Dad i can take care of myself."
"ja letzte Mal gesagt, dass Sie in der Klinik waren muss ich Sie daran erinnern ?"
"yes dad i erinnern Sie mich jedesmal, wenn ich irgendwo hingehen und daran zu erinnern, die Sie wollen, dass ich sicher nichts für ungut, Levi , aber ich weiß nicht, dass er sich für diesen seinen verdammt dumm ich meine, schauen."
"Ich glaube an ihn sollten Sie das gleiche zu tun." i just gave them an odd look.
"Well then i must be going take care." Dr. Jeagar left leaving it a quiet awkward silence between "Eren" and I.
"You probably have a lot of questions considering last time you talked to me was when you handed me a love letter."
"A what?"
"Letter confessing your feelings just a day before i left. You don't still have those feelings do you?" i didn't know how to answer that i was in love with Eriana not Eren.
"I loved Eriana."
"Whats the difference is it because I'm a boy now? Wow i never thought that Levi Ackerman could be so childish."
"I am not being childish i just don't know what to think right now. I mean you were beautiful and smart and just so amazing and successful."
"So what you're saying is now that I'm a boy I'm not attractive, I'm dumb, not amazing and i won't be successful."
"That's not what i meant"
"That's what it sounded like to me."
"Look Eri-"
"Its Eren."
"Look Eren -"
"Just save it i don't want to hear anything else you have to say. I'm getting in the shower first so don't come in." I rolled my eyes and started unpacking letting all the information i had just received sink in
....Eriana is now switched to Eren..female to male..but why?
A/N okay translationGrisha: yes last time you said that that you were in the hospital , I must remind you ? "
Eren: yes dad i  remember every time I go somewhere you always remind me that you want me to be safe no offense to Levi , but I do not want him to do this he's fucking stupid I mean , look . "
Grisha: I believe in him you should do the same.
Thanks for readingBye-bye -AUNA