
Cora POV
-Flashback-
"D-do you really have to go?" I asked my best friend, Ross Lynch.
He saw the tears in my eyes and hugged me. "Yes, I have to. My mom wants us to go as a family."
He's moving to L.A. so his brother can peruse his acting dream. He's been in my life for the past thirteen years. That's all my life. He's been there for me through everything and I have no clue what I'd do without him.
"Listen to me Cora, I'll come back on holidays and during the summer and spring break. I'll be here for you. You can text me whenever I'll always answer. Okay?" He didn't look away from my crystal eyes once. I nodded and he hugged me again. The car honked. "I have to go." He sighed. I nodded as he turned away.
Suddenly he stopped, dropped his bags, and turned around. He ran up to me and did the unexpected. He laid a soft delicate kiss on my lips. "Goodbye Cora." He mumbled before running to the car. "Bye Ross." I cried.
-end of flashback-
That was four years ago today. We have Skyped and texted every day. I haven't seen him in person though. He's always filming or recording of touring. It was the roughest transition when he moved. And my life when down hill from there.
I walked downstairs from my room and walked into the kitchen. After pouring myself a glass of tea, I walked over to the end table by my couch it has two things. A lamp, and a picture of Ross and I the day before he left. I felt tears brim my eyes and slowly wiped my eyes. I just realized we haven't talked in six months. Oops.
I sat there on my couch for an hour. Should I try to call him again? He probably got a new phone and changed his number. I'll try anyway. I picked up my phone, pressed his contact (Shor💙❤️👫) and put it on speaker. After two rings he answered. "Cora?" He asked. I felt the tears again. "Ross." I tried to make it not sound like I was crying. "Cora!" He cheered. I smiled. "You have no idea how long I've been waiting for you to call again, Coralynn." Oh God he used my full first name. "I've missed you so much Ross. So much has happened and I wish you were here." I could feel him smile. "Your wish is my command." He stated. I raised an eyebrow. "What?" "Go outside." I walked to my front door and opened it.
There he was with the phone to his ear. He looked basically the same except his hair was longer and he was taller and tanner. He smiled and hung up. "Cora-" I didn't let him finish his sentence before I jumped in his arms. I wrapped my legs around his waist and my arms around his middle and buried my face in his neck. "Ross!" I exhaled. He placed his arms on my back and buried his face in my neck. "God I've missed you." He exhaled.
I felt more tears. "Why are you crying?" He asked lifting his head. I shook my head. "More than one reason. The first one being my best friend in the whole universe is at my doorstep. And two, well, come inside and I'll tell you." I jumped down from his arms and grabbed his hand dragging him inside.
He sat on the couch and pulled me next to him. "What happened?" He asked full of concern. I closed my eyes and breathed before starting. "The week after you left, my parents finalized their divorce. My mother became a drug addict and an alcoholic. She abused me for a good six months before she killed herself. My father met someone else, married her and just left a note on the kitchen counter saying 'have fun alone'. I've been living by myself for the last month." I didn't know I was crying until he brought me into a hug. God I've missed his hugs.
We sat there for about five minutes before he started to talk again. "Come back with me." I looked up. "What?" He smiled. "Come back with me. To LA. I came here to try to convince your parents to let you come. Now all I have to convince is you. Sorry that sounded bad. I've just missed you like hell these past few years and I need my Coralynn back." I smiled. Even though he said Coralynn . He's the only person I let call me that. I sighed the nodded. "Alright." His smile got wider and he hugged me again.