
(Picture is Ally's hair style.)
Ally had dark hair that was bleached at the bottom, dark tan skin, green eyes behind black framed 'hipster' eye glasses and a curvy figure. She wore a cream shirt, a dark purple blazer, pale purple skinny jeans and dark purple flats. Everyone was so excited to hear that she was joining a room in the arts wing. Ally got to school a walked over to the arts wing with a blue piece of paper in her hands. She opened the door of the art wing and Lenny was all up in her face.
"What are you doing here?" Lenny said with his hands on his hips.
"I'm joining the film room." Ally said backing away.
Ally knew that classes didn't start for another 10 minutes and saw that a few students were in the film room. Lenny who just got in her face, Vince who just gave her this death stare as well as Sahara, Addison and Damian were playing cards, Taylor had his arm around Dylan's waist and Quintin who just smiled and blushed.
"Where's the proof?" Sahara said crossing her arms.
Ally held up the blue piece of paper that was in her hands which was immediately grabbed by Vince and started to read it.
"Welcome to the film club!" Lenny said putting her arm around his shoulder.
Just then the bell rang and Dylan, Taylor, Damian, Sahara and Addison left. Sahara looked over see that Ally and Quintin were having a few laughs.
"Quintin is being oddly nice to Ally." Sahara said turning to Damian and Addison.
"Yeah so?" Damian said levitating above Addison.
"So something's up and I'm gonna find out." Sahara said crossing her arms.
"What are you going to do about it?" Addison said.
"My brother has to stay after school for two hours to work on a film room project. While Quintin is busy with Lenny and Vince I'm gonna look through is room and try to find something out. Wanna help?"Sahara asked with her hand on her hips.
"Why us?" Addison said.
"Three heads are way better than one. So it wont be weird if someone who I don't like that much comes over to our house to hang out, so whadda ya say?" She said.
Addison and Damian turned towards each and gave a smile.
"We're in." They both said I union.
"Today after school." Sahara said and smiled.
Damian and Sahara went Jackie's class along with Taylor and Dylan and Addison walked over  to the art room to start there early classes today.