
Kiyo had always hated the thought of working with others, even now after being with Fairy Tail for a year he had only begun to tolerate them. Try as he may he can't deny that he has a fondness for them.
Kiyo believed in what they did, there's always good in others and to learn to accept those with different ideals. This is what he had learned while he was with Fairy Tail.
But now he had to cast that aside, everything he had learned would be useless to him in this situation.
He was told to try and infiltrate Tartaros and find out what was going on. The only way to get there attention... Kiyo had to do something that the Kiyo from a year ago wouldn't have hesitated at doing...
He had to go and kill off a village. In particular he had to destroy a village that was anti Zeref. He had been given information about where Tartaros would attack next.
Kiyo walked along the beaten path as the village came into sight. The village looked peacful. Farmers were beginning to harvest their crops, children were playing and mothers were trying to control their rowdy kids.
"I can't believe I have to do this... Why would they make me..." Kiyo continued until he was outside the village. Before the villagers even noticed him a huge explosion happened at the center of the village.
Kiyo let out a sigh. "They were right..."
Kiyo made his way into the village and a cackle was heard from a blond haired man that was standing next to where the explosion took place.
Kiyo eyed him and saw another one. It was a cloaked man that had smoke coming from his body.
The cloacked man turned towards Kiyo and poked the blond man. He looked at Kiyo and walked up to him.
"What are you looking at child?" The blond man said with venom in his voice.
"Tch... I'm no child, and I could be asking you the same thing."
The blond man had a quick look of confusion appear on his face but quickly squinted at Kiyo. "What do you mean?"
Kiyo gave an evil smirk. "This was supposed to be my village to slaughter... For Lord Zeref... So what are you doing here tainting this place with your filth?"
The blond man sneered. "Lord Zeref huh? I'll have you know... Boy, I am a demon straight from the book of Zeref." The man cackled. "The name is Jackal, but no need to remember it... You'll be dead soon anyway..."
Kiyo stared at Jackal and laughed. "A demon from the book of Zeref... This should be more fun than I thought..."
Jackal called back to his commrad. "Hey! Tempester, this one is mine, got it!?"
A sigh was heard from Tempester. "Yeah I got it Jackal..."
Jackal turned his view towards Kiyo and grinned. "This should kill some time..."
Kiyo only starred as he raised his hand at Jackal. "Ice Dragon secret art... Towering ice shards..."
Before Jackal could react ice erupted from the ground and began to slice his skin.
Kiyo snickered at his work. He turned his attention towards Tempester. "Well are you going to fight now that your partner is gone?"
Tempester laughed. "If you think Jackal will be taken down so easily then you're out of your mind." His face then changed to a more serious look. "Although... I think you may be a bit of a problem..."
As Tempester finished speaking the ice began to shake and rumble. From the ice came Jackal. He bursted out and flew at Kiyo. "You're dead!"