
"Cora?" He asked while I was packing. "Yeah?" He stood up and walked over to me. He tucked a piece of my chestnut hair behind my ear then leaned in. He kissed my lips almost as soft as the first time. When he pulled away, he blushed and looked down. I smiled and lifted his chin. He didn't look me in the eyes he looked down and I saw a single tear roll down his cheek. I wiped it away with my thumb. "What's wrong." He wouldn't look at me. "That reminded me of the day I left. After I kissed you, I didn't stop crying the whole drive to LA. I felt horrible. I just kissed you then left." I sighed and hugged him as he cried into my neck. "You have no idea how horrible it felt." I sat on my bed and held him until he calmed down.
"I'm so sorry Cora." He sat up and wiped his eyes. "Why are you sorry?"
"In sorry for leaving you. I'm sorry for not taking you with me. I'm sorry for not being the best friend you deserve. I'm sorry for kissing you then abandoning you. I'm sorry for not telling you how I felt before I left. But God damn it, Cora I have to tell you this now before I freak out. I love you. Not a friendly love. A deep burning passionate love that you get when you need someone. I need you, Cora. I need you with me. I need to know that you're safe and protected 24/7. I'm in love with you. I have been since the week before I left. Seeing you and not being able to hold you or touch you killed me. I was dying without you. My parents don't even know I'm here. Riker is covering for me. I had to see you or I would've killed myself."
Well damn. I knew he liked me but this was not what I expected. He was shaking and had his face in his hands crying. I grabbed his wrist and preyed them away from his face. He looked into me with his bloodshot hazel eyes. I wiped his cheeks and pulled him by the collar closer to me. I smashed my lips on his. He was shocked at first, but eventually kissed back. I pulled away and pressed my forehead to his. "I'm in love with you, Shelby." He mumbled against my lips.
To be honest, I've always liked him. I've just never been able to say it. Now it's the perfect moment. He's here with me. I need to tell him.
"I'm in love with you Ross."