
My Ma and Pa sat in the front on our covered wagon, as I sat in the back of the wagon looking out  the covered wagon as we drove on. I then heard a whimper and I looked down at my little German shepherd puppy, I smiled and said" Bandit, you want to see too?" He sat there and wagged his tail happily. I then picked him up and put him in my lap and we both look out the opening from where we just left.
We used to live in a big city called Chicago, but my parents told me that they didn't like it there anymore so we are now heading west to start a new home. I didn't mind, I didn't like the stuffy city too.
A few hours later, "Whoa, there. We will stop here for tonight." My Pa said as he stopped the wagon.
Once he jumped off the wagon he said" I will go get some fire wood to start a fire, Dear. So we can have super."My Ma smiled and climbed in the back where she started getting stuff to cook super.
I looked up at my Ma and asked" Can me and bandit go outside and play?" I stood up holding Bandit in my arms.
My Ma looked up at me and said" yes, Katie, you and Bandit can play outside but don't go too far away, we don't know what's out here."a
"yes Mama" I said as I climbed out of the wagon.
I then put bandit down and I looked around there was lots of long tan grass everywhere, then I spotted a group of trees off to the south side of the wagon. I smiled down at Bandit and we headed off to play near the trees. I was chasing bandit around through the trees when I heard my Ma calling me for supper. I then ran with Bandit at my side back to the wagon. I saw that Pa had a fire going, Mama had super nice and hot.
I sat down next to them and smile when My Ma gave me a bowl of soup, with a biscuit.
Then I looked up at Pa and he smiled and said" let's pray, Dear Heavenly Father thank you for the safe travel so far and thank you for my blessed family, and thank you for this food, amen."Then We all started to eat.
Once we were done eating, my Pa got out his Guitar and started playing it for us and we sat there by the fire, after a while my Ma said it was time for bed. So I kissed them and took Bandit into the wagon with me.
-----
The Next morning, we ate breakfast and headed out with the rising sun.  I was playing with bandit in the back of the wagon when I heard  gun shots, horses shrieking, and men yelling.  I then heard my Pa saying for me and Ma not to move, and he was grabbing his rifle.
I then heard a gruff man's voice say" you too get out of the wagon!"
I then heard my Pa say" We don't mean to cause trouble."
I then heard the other man say" I told ya to get out of the wagon! Douglas go check the wagon for anything a valuable." I heard my parents get out of the wagon and walk tore the men.
"yes, Pa" the man named Douglas said as he got off his horse and walked tore the back of the wagon.
My pa then said" you thieves, get out of here right now before..." he was cut off with a gun shot, then I heard another gunshot and my Ma scream. I looked around and hid behind a barrel of grain, with bandit in my arms. My heart was beating fast,  and tries started to trickle down my face to what I now realize that my parents are dead.
I then held my breath when I heard the man named Douglas opening the wagon and climbing in as he mumbled. I heard him moving things around when I saw that I could get out of the wagon before he found me. So I snuck around a few boxes and ran  and jumped out of the wagon when I heard Douglas yell" hey come back you!" as I heard him jump out of the wagon after me.