
Ross POV
I woke up next to the most perfect girl. I smiled as I noticed our position. She was literally on top of me hugging my waist with her legs and my middle with her arms. She had her right cheek in my bare chest and her hair was covering her face. Her mouth was slightly parted and small snores were escaping. She's so beautiful I can't even stand it.
About an hour later I decided to wake her up. I rubbed her back and kissed her head as she hugged me tighter. "Mmmm." She moaned before falling back asleep. Well that plan failed. I checked the time. 7:30. Why the hell am I awake? I sighed and moved some hair out of my girlfriends face.
Girlfriend.
Girlfriend.
Coralynn Marie Dillard is my girlfriend. Wow. I'm the luckiest guy in the world.
I grabbed my phone and opened Twitter. I got the picture Rydel took yesterday and attached it.
"@rossr5: so happy to finally call her mine 💛💜💛💜 @coralynn417"
I sent the tweet and locked my phone. I started playing with her hair again and pretending I had a mustache. Rydel came in and saw me. She raised an eyebrow. I dropped her hair and cleared my throat. "What? Can't a guy give himself a mustache with his sleeping girlfriends hair in peace?" I asked. I could tell she was holding in a laugh. "No. Breakfast is ready, but I see you're restricted right now." I smiled as she left.
I felt Cora move off of me but hug my arm. "Hey sleeping beauty." I kissed her head. She smiled. "Hi." I moved some hair out of her eyes as I spoke. "Breakfast is ready." With that she shot up. "Why didn't you say so?"
I shouldn't be surprised by this. The girl maybe barely one hundred pounds but she sure can eat.
I laughed at her as she attempted to put on leggings. I threw on a pair of shorts just before she dragged me by the wrist downstairs screaming "FOOD!" She took the seat next. Rydel and I took the one next to her and we ate our pancakes. I looked over at Cora, who's face was covered in powdered sugar, and giggled. "Cor." She snapped her head at me. "What?" She asked with her mouth full which made me and my family almost die laughing. "You have a little powdered sugar..." She attempted to find it but I wiped it off of her cheeks with my thumbs. "Thanks." Then she went back to her pancakes.
After breakfast, Cora and I were watching a movie with her on my lap. "There goes the baker with his tray like always. The same old bread and rolls to sell." she quietly sang along thinking I couldn't hear. I kissed her ear and whispered. "Your voice is beautiful." She smiled and slightly blushed, but she didn't try to hide it. I smiled as she rested her head on my shoulder. I leaned my head on hers.
Halfway through, my phone started ringing. "Hold on sweetheart." I kissed Coras head. "Hello?" I asked. "Hey Rossy." Courtney. "What do you want?" I said rather harshly. "You of course." I rolled my eyes. "I broke up with you last year and I have a girlfriend. So for the last time leave me alone." And with that I hung up.
"Are you okay?" Cora asked rubbing my shoulder and sliding off of me. I shook my head. "Ever since I broke up with her she's been clingy." She sighed and made me lay my head on her lap. "Just calm down." She whispered as she played with my hair. I closed my eyes and turned my head to face her. "You're the best you know that?" I asked now half asleep. She giggles and kissed my cheek. "Just relax, sweetheart." I smiled before falling asleep.