
I ran around the wagon when I suddenly stopped not moving a muscle. There were five men saddled on their horses, wearing all black with bandannas over their faces. they were outlaws. I then looked down at the ground to see both my parents bodies laying there with blood around them too much blood.
I then saw my Pa's peace maker pistol laying next to him, and I didn't think I just walked up and picked it up. it happen to be loaded, I lifted it up and closed my eyes and I pulled trigger. I heard the gun shot and then I heard a thud. I opened my eyes to see the older man of the outlaws laying on the ground next to his horse dead with a bullet in his head.
Everyone just stared at their pa not saying anything. I was so scared, I never had shot anyone in all my 7 years of my life. but now I have and I was so afraid that that will be the same fate as me. I just stood still staring at the dead man wide eyed.
" she just darn killed our Pa! she should end up like the rest of her family just shut up Sunny!" as one of the men took out his gun and pointed it at me.
"Mike! Just hold your horses!  She is just a little girl no more than 7 years old!" another man yelled.
"Come on!  she killed Pa no matter her age!" Mike yelled back.
"She has some darn good aim, she had her eyes closed when she shot." Douglas said behind me. I shook in terror what will happen to me.
I looked up at the men in front of me. And I saw all the men staring at me most of them with a look of surprise written all over their face. then there was Mike with an evil look on his face as he pointed his gun at me.  Then I looked at the man that was on the horse next to Mike and saw he had the look of concern on his face.
Then I heard one of the men say" Douglas is right, she did shoot with her eyes closed either she is very good at shooting which I don't think so, or she shot out of sheer luck."
"We can't just leave her here all by herself, Mike and she just might be a help to us." another man said.
I looked up at Mike and he then cursed and said" fine, she come with us, but Sunny yer goanna take care of her."Sunny the smiled down at me, knowing he won the battle for my life.
Mike then looked up at Douglas and said" yer driving the wagon back to our place." Douglas then gave out a groan. But walked  and grabbed the my pa's rifle and took the pistol out of my hand then grabbed his horse and tied its rains to the back of the wagon then he climbed in the front seat  got the horses moving. Then one of the other men got off his horse and rapped their Pa up in a blanket and put his dead body on his horse, then the man got back on his horse and tied the rains to their pa's horse to his saddle and they headed out.
When Sunny rode up to me and got off his horse he grabbed Bandit and put him in his saddle back and then he flung me onto his horse, then he swung onto the horse behind me and he clicked his tongue and we rode off.
---------------------
We rode for miles, when he finally got to the cabin the sun was setting. It was little bit shaggy old looking but it also looked sturdy, there was an old barn sitting right next to the old shaggy cabin.
Everyone stopped and got off their horses, and walked into the cabin once they tied their horse up to the hitching post. Mike looked over at Sunny and me and said" you too are taking care of the horses." then he walked inside without another word.
Sunny let out a sigh and slid off his horse, then he grabbed me by my waist and lifted me off the horse and set me down on the ground. then he opened his saddle bag and got Bandit out and he looked at me and said" Lassy you better be good, here is your dog." then he handed me Bandit and I took him into my arms and kissed the top of his head.