
I gasp for breath, sitting bolt upright on the table. I look down on myself and see I'm naked. There are windows in the all white room I sit in with people in white jackets on. They all move their lips, but I hear nothing. I whip my head around when someone clears their throat from the other side of the room. My hair gets caught in my face and I flip it out of the way with a toss of my head.
The man walks up to me and pushes me back into a lying down position on the hard table. He touches me everywhere and begins to bend my legs and arms. He tells me to do what he did to me, but to myself. I do so by bending my leg, followed by my arm, my wrist and my ankles.
He looks shocked as I bend everything he bent on me himself in the exact order. He bends my toes, then my fingers. I do so myself.
"Can you I understand me?" He asks. My mind races as I hear his voice for the second time. I try and think of what I'm supposed to do to tell him yes. He asks again, slower this time and I don't respond because I don know how to tell him.
"Speak," he demands. I open my mouth and try to say something, anything. Nothing comes out.
I hear a door open from the other side of me. A woman in a white lab coat comes and places her hands on the table. She looks at the legs of the table and pushes down a button with her foot.
She tells him several things, but I don't listen. I pay attention to how she's moving the table when it wouldn't budge before. It glides easily against the concrete floor. The woman stops talking and begins to push me into a lying down position again. She pushes the table out the door she came in and down a hall.
Everything is white; the floor, the ceiling, the walls and the doors. Everything screams, "science laboratory."
We enter another room and the woman stops the moving table. She presses the buttons on the wheels again and leaves. I lay there for a while feeling uncomfortable.
Another door opens and in walks a younger woman. She wears a lab coat, and holds another. When she gets to my table, she hands me the coat.
"Here, put this on. And, you can sit up," she says kindly. Slowly, I sit up and take the coat she offers. I stare at it for a little while as I try and remember what to do.
The woman writes something on her clipboard I didn't notice before. She looks back up to see me looking at her curiously.
"Do you know how to put this on?" She asks.
As soon as she asks, it clicks. Yes. I think, unable to tell her. My mouth opens slightly as I focus on moving my arms to get them through the holes.
When I get it on, I slip it under my butt to cover myself. I wrap it around my small waist. I button up the buttons starting from the middle going up, then starting at the bottom and going to the middle.
I look up at the lady again, grateful. Her head is tilted a little and her mouth is ajar slightly, a smile subtly on her lips. Her eyes are wide in surprise. I tilt my head, too and smile at her sweetly.
She gasps, then scribbles something on her paper. It takes her a little while and I just watch her the end of the pen make squiggles in the air. She pauses and looks at me, tapping the pen against her curled lips.
I reach out for the clipboard and grasp it in my hand. I pull gently so I don't startle her so she drops it.
"You can't hold that," she says smiling. She looks at me like I'm a child like I don't know what I'm doing.
I don't like it.
I grab hold of the clipboard tighter and pull harder so it would come out of her hands. It does as I expect and I hold the clipboard in my hands. I look for the squiggles she made with the pencil to find none. I see words, instead.