
Hi my name is Ashley and I am the writer of Somebody to Love. All ideas are mine and I worked real hard to make sure this chapter turned out good. Please comment your ideas and opinions. Enjoy!!! Xoxo
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
My boyfriend Rob and I have been dating for a year and a half. It might not seem like a lot of time but we have been through so many ups and downs together and I really feel like he is the one. After a year of being together Rob asked me to move in with him after graduation. I was a bit spectacle because I had just been through a lot with my family. My parents divorced and they were going to court all the time to see where my little brother would live. Plus I just started college. It was a rough time but I had an amazing boyfriend to help me get through it. My brother ended up living in Athol, Id with my dad. I decided to move in with Rob a few miles away from home because 1. Rob makes me happy and 2. I needed to move out and start a life of my own. My parents were very worried at first because they thought I wasnt going to concentrate in school and get pregnant. I convinced them that I was going to be okay and that it was gonna happen eventually.. just NOT soon. I know better than that.
It was the weekend of the Cool Desert Night car show here in Richland, Wa. Rob and I were heading out so we could get good seats to see all the cars. We packed water bottles, chips, and a 6 pack of powerade.
"Ready to go babe? I'll grab the cooler and you grab the chairs." said Rob with a smile.
I grabbed the chairs and locked the door behind me. Id like to think that our home is cozy and very family like. We have two bedrooms, a decent sized kitchen and a bathroom. Our living room is connected to our kitchen so we count that as one room.
"Its like 100° out here!" I said whining closing the trunk door.
"Yeah but itll cool down soon. The show starts around 7 its 645 so get comfortable." Rob said opening a bag of doritos.
A black tundra started the show blasting rock music. Thunderbirds, camaros, and corvettes all over the place. People on golf carts were driving around also giving out water bottles and in case of emergencies they had a first aid kit. There was an old truck full of cheerleaders waving at us happily.
"Wow babe look at that 1972 Ford Torino. Thats my dream car!!!" Said Rob pointing at the vehicle.
"Yeah thats rad. My dad used to have one." I replied.
Rob didnt say a thing but the look on his face said it all.. jaw dropped and his eyes sparkling.
"Oh.my.god." he said turning his face towards me dumb founded.
Two or three hours passed and I was getting bored of seeing the same cars drive in circles.
"Rob I think Im going to walk home okay?" I said gathering my stuff.
"What why? Arent you having fun?" He asked getting up.
"Yes but I dont feel good, my stomach hurts. I dont want to spoil your fun so just chill." I smiled.
"Its okay Ill go home with you and take care of you baby." He said while putting away the chairs in their bags.
"Okay." I said feeling bad.
Once we got home I emptied the cooler and put the drinks away. I sat on the couch while Rob went to buy Ibuprofen for my stomach. I started thinking I was getting my period early, Im such a wuss when it comes to cramps.
I waited for another 15 minutes but he didnt come l so I decided to go to sleep at 930.
"Baby.. wake up. I brought you some snacks." Rob whispered.