
Beep Beep Beep !
I groaned as I rolled over and slammed my hand on top of the alarm that was ringing so loud in my ears and laid in my bed for a few minuets until I remember I had school. I slowly opened my eyes and looked around my blue room filled with posters of drake and queen bee. I slowly swung my legs around and landed my feet on the floor getting up.
I walked over to my bathroom and looked in the mirror. I looked a hot mess, so I decided to take a shower and get dressed.
" Good morning honey." Mom said as I slowly walked down the stairs " Morning mom." I smiled and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
It was kinda weird seeing my mom home because she's usually at work. My mom was a lawyer so she always went to work early.
" Sorry I wasn't here yesterday night, I was really busy." She says
" No, it's fine, your a lawyer you have to work hard." I said grabbing the plate my mom made for me. " Have you started talking to your friends again ?
" Bri, Jade ,Chris and tanner ? Yeah I still talk to them, i mean I talk to them everyday mom. " I chuckled taking a bite into my sandwich
" No honey, I mean Naya, Zayn and Avan, I mean what happened you guys were really close."
" Mom things happen, people grow and get older." I said looking down but continuing my sandwich."
" True but...."
"Mom I can't talk about this right now I gotta go." I said finishing the last piece of sandwich and leaving the house grabbing my car keys.
I know ever since secrets slipped out and they were telling lies we just went out separate ways, I mean Zayn , Avan and Naya has their own reputation now and I'm just a regular girl in my own world and I like it like that.
|| Avan ||
Avan come on wake up homey it time to go to school, I mean it your first day back." My mom yelled
Your probably wondering why my mom said that, well I kinda got arrested for selling drugs so I spent some time in jail and now I'm back and everything is still the same I'm still that bad boy Avan but I've been thinking about making a change for myself and my mother cause I put her through a lot.
I jumped out of bed and took a shower, changed and put my hair into a small messy bun. I grabbed my book bag and walked down the stairs meeting my mom by the living room.
" Now don't you look handsome." She smiled taking her reading glasses off.
I gave her a fake smile as she walked over to me and hugged me.
" have a great day at school today, okay honey ?" yeah, mom."'I smiled as I walked
I know I've been arrested a few times and everything and I made the wrong choices, but I gotta make the right choices, I wouldn't be in this mess if I still had my 3 best friends but ever since that incident we had everything just fell apart and it was all because of that one person and that one person is gonna get it.