
I don't own any of the characters that are in the series except Lucas and any other character I introduce to the story that is not in the TV show.
Playlist: Down by Jason Walker. (Video above)
"Hey Lucas! What brings you here my boy?" Liam said loudly to me as I walked over to the top of the cliff with my best friend, Emily, where Liam was hanging around with some guys, who looked a few years older."Liam, you need to come back to the hotel room." I told him. "No! I'm here hanging with my best mates! Don't be a teachers pet!" Liam slurred. "Oh my god Liam you're drunk." Emily sighed and face palmed. We were on holiday with school. Which consisted of Liam hanging around with his 'buddies' (who he just met literally) , most kids getting pissed and messing around and me and Emily sat in the hotel room feeling sorry for ourselves. I went to grab the bottle from Liam's hand. "You know you're under age right? Liam you're fourteen." I snapped. "Who cares?!" Liam yelled. "I'm on top of the world!" He started messing around with the guys, annoying them. What made them snap was when he poured the rest of the alcohol over the one guy's head. The tall boy with dark hair grabbed his wrist. He was dripping in liqueur. "What do you think you're doing?!" He yelled. The other two boys helped as he started to drag Liam to the cliff."Liam!" I yelled and ran after them. "Let him go!" I punched the dark haired guy and he let go of Liam. I twisted his wrist. Liam broke free from the others. I looked to see if he was okay then I felt like I was going to fall. I hadn't noticed how close we were to the edge. We were cornered by three tall, strong boys. Emily looked at me in terror, her brown eyes wide. We were going to die. I couldn't let them die. I couldn't let them die. I breathed in deeply. "I'm sorry Liam." I said in his ear. Then I pushed Liam roughly so he landed on the ground, safe from the three men. Then I turned to Emily but slipped backwards off the cliff, I heard Liam scream "No!" Emily grabbed my wrist but fell forwards with me. Then it went dark.
I couldn't feel anything. Some people say that being unconscious is like falling asleep. It isn't. It's more like living with your eyes closed. A coma is worse. I could hear everything, when the boat arrived and hands grabbed my arms. I'm pretty sure I was in the water for over two hours, well that's what it felt like. I could hear my brother's quiet sobs and begging me to wake up. I could hear my mother by my side reading my favourite book, 'The Maze Runner', out loud to me, even though I'd read the series over seven times. I didn't really hear my stepfather. All I heard from him was "He's going to wake up. I promise." I could hear people from school coming to visit me, but I couldn't tell who. If there were people from school I must have been moved to the Beacon Hills hospital.
It felt like forever. I couldn't bring myself to wake up. But one day I knew I had to, when Liam came into the room and whimpered "Happy Birthday Lucas. We're fifteen."That's it. I thought. Wake up now Lucas. Wake up! I fought the unconsciousness. I could hear my heart monitor racing, doctors running in, my mother sobbing, I think all my family were there. "It's all or nothing now. Come on Lucas." my stepfather said to me. I slowly opened my eyes and groaned at the blinding light and the pain in my head. I could hear the doctors cheer and congratulate each other. Then they piled out, I was left with my family. I opened my mouth to speak but only a single word came out. "Emily." I whimpered. Everyone looked around guiltily. "I'm sorry Lucas.... She didn't make it." my mother whispered. No. Not Emily. I couldn't go on without her. She was my best friend, I was closer to her than my own family. I closed my eyes as a tear ran down my face. "He does have brain damage and cerebral hypoxia. We ran tests while he was unconscious. He may need to learn how to walk and eat again and may have hallucinations, insomnia, and muscle spasms, he could also have difficulty sitting still. I'm sorry..." my stepfather said. "At least he's alive." Liam snapped. I looked around. This is going to be hard.