
Hiya guys! This is my new and "official" book that I will be the author of!! Plus, I can't wait to do so!!!
I wanna give a special thanks for @Toobigofadreamer for the cover <3 it's amazing like am I right? or am I right? if you don't think so then go shove an oreo down your throat :)
Okie, lemme stop talking and go ahead with the prologue!!!!!! ----Jeremy's POV
I woke up to the sound of a lawn mower. Yes, a lawn mower on a freaking Saturday morning. Looking at the clock, I cursed out the person who is responsible for waking me up at 10:00. I grabbed my glasses with a groan. This was suppose to be my sleep-in day but somebody decided to mow a lawn, out of all days, today.
I did my usual morning routine. Brush my teeth, clean my face and make my bed. Once I was done with all of that, I sighed and headed downstairs. All I wanted to do right now, is sleep. But I knew if I tried, I wouldn't be able to. I poured myself some cereal and ate peacefully and quietly, beside the noise of the horrid person mowing a lawn. It's not long before I hear someone coming down the stairs.
"Surprised to see you up" My brother, Ray said while picking up an apple. I looked at him and he was all dressed and ready to go somewhere.
"Um, where you going?" I said before taking another bite of my cereal.
"Having breakfast with Julie's parents today" He said it like it was the greatest thing in the world. Julie is his girlfriend, but she's kind of a bitch. Complains about everything and is very bossy. She has Ray wrapped about her perfectly manicured finger. I tried telling him a few times but all he does is smack me in the head or try to change the subject.
"I hope her parents aren't as bitchy as her" I mumbled.
"Stop hating little bro, just because you can't get a girlfriend, doesn't mean you can hate on mine" He shrugged with a smirk.
By this time, my cereal was done and was ready to be thrown at Ray. "I can get a girlfriend" I scoffed while rolling my eyes. This is probably going to be the hundredth argument about how I can't get a girlfriend. Ever since he went out with this rich girl name Ivy, he's been on my trail. He was so full of his self after that saying he can get anyone he wants and taunting me because I can't.
"How? Brib her with your book smarts?" I glared at him.
"Just go and have breakfast with your so called girlfriend. I hope you get good poisoning" I mumbled the last part. I start drinking the milk while he tells me that he's waiting for her to text her. And to be honest, I don't care. I don't even know why he's telling me this.
After a few minutes, the door bell rang. Ray and I looked at eachother and gave the 'who the hell would be here at 10:00 in the morning' look before we both got up and headed towards the door. "Shit" I murmured when I knocked over a lamp. I motioned Ray to go get the door while I stay and clean up this now, broken lamp. Sorry mom.
It wasn't long before I heard the front door open. "Who are you?" Ray bluntly said.
"Hello, um, I'm looking for Jeremy? Jeremy Johnson" Someone said with a British accent. My eyes widen because I only know one person with that British accent. I peeked around the corner and my jaw dropped. What the hell is Skylar doing here?
"You're here for Jeremy? Are you sure?" I heard Ray snicker and I rolled my eyes. Classic Ray. I stepped forward to make my presence known. Soon all eyes were on me.
"Jeremy, who the hell is this?" Ray said pointing at her. I looked over to Skylar and Ray's disbelief face.
"She's my girlfriend" I said quickly before realizing what I said. What the fuck did I just say?
Ray laughed at said, "Seriously, who is she?" I rolled my eyes and walked over to a confused Skylar and put my arm around her shoulder.
"This is Skylar, my girlfriend" I hesitantly said before kissing the side of her forehead. ------- Ohmygawd what did Jeremy just do?! This is short yes, but prologusal aren't usually long, right? The next chapter might be early, idk I gotta check my schedule. :/ *checks schedule and see netflix for everyday* ah, i geuss my sched is fully booked :/ oh whale.