
It was 3am and my parents were fighting again. I was woken by muffled shouts, quiet swears and a bottle smashing. I lay in my bed, thinking about where I'd go if and when they got divorced. My brain was going crazy thinking about it, I didn't want them to separate because I knew, I knew that if they did I'd have to move somewhere new. My mum never really liked me, I always seemed to be a burden on her and her life so I knew that I'd go and be with my dad, he loved me and would want me. Mother would get rid of me in a flash and run away to live a life without kids, without me.
{a year later}"Kate! Come on!' Dad yelled at me from the bottom of the stairs. I stood in my bedroom, looking at my bare walls that were once covered in posters and pictures of me and my friends. There was a loud knock at the door and in came my mother, my bitch of a mother. She looked at me like a piece of dirt and I felt like one, with her unloving eyes and emotionless face that burnt into my soul.
'I can turn this room into my new office as soon as you're out of here.' she said, hands on hips. I rolled my eyes, grabbed my small suitcase as everything else was already in the car and shuffled past her and made my way downstairs. Dad was waiting, looking at his watch impatiently but his face grew a smile when he saw me standing in front of him.
'Lets get out of here.' he smiled, taking my hand and we left, left the house I'd grown up in. We couldn't wait to get out of there, the car zoomed down the road and we swiftly left my hometown of Norwich. Dad put in his tape of Michael Jackson and we were officially just father and daughter alone. Dad had found a new house in a town called Rutland and had enrolled me in a school called Uppingham, unfortunately it was a boarding school and unfortunately Dad had enrolled me as a boarder. It took a while to get there, I kept looking at my brand new mobile that I'd gotten for Christmas to see if any of my friends were trying to call me or had called me but no, there was nothing.
'Kate. There's you're new school.' Dad said, pointing out the window to a massive building with iron gates. We pulled up outside so I could have a proper look, I was officially starting tomorrow. I looked through the gates and saw smartly dressed students in ties and blazers, it was much different to my school where you could get away with wearing a blue jumper even if it wasn't an official school one and you're skirts could be any length you wanted them. A group of girls walked past, all in blue blazers and knee length skirts, none of them were too short or obviously rolled up. This school was definitely a posh school, I didn't want to come here especially not board. This was going to be a nightmare.
We left the dreaded school and went to go move in to our new home for the rest of my life. It wasn't bad, smaller than our old house but wasn't too horrendous like I'd imagined. Dad opened the front door and with my suitcase, I climbed the stairs and chose my bedroom. The room was big, smaller than the main bedroom but still pretty huge, the walls were an awful yellow colour but Dad was going to repaint the whole house now that he was unemployed at the moment but he was getting a job in a couple of months. Looking out of the window I could see my new school just through the trees, the big hall was there right in front of me.
'You won't be in this room very much because you're boarding at Uppingham but you will come back for Christmas and the summer obviously.' Dad announced from the doorway. He came in and joined me at the window and smiled at me.
'I don't want to board!' I moaned. 'People aren't going to like me, I miss my old friends and my old school.'
'You'll love it, I've heard great things about it.' Dad said, putting his arm round me and kissed me on the top of the head. 'They have a cricket team too, you could always join that. You'd be one of the cool kids who's in the sports team.' I looked up at him and raised my eyebrow.
'I'm not good enough to play for a team. Just playing it in the park with you at the weekend doesn't count.' I laughed, turning away from the window and stood in the empty room. 'Right. Let's start moving some stuff in.'
I wasn't going to be happy here but dad was right, maybe joining the cricket team will help me make friends. There could be a hot cricketer awaiting for my arrival as we speak..... In my dreams.