
-House Tyrell
A young girl of fourteen starred out the carriage window, and into the snowy world ahead. Sighing she Leaned her head against the back cushion of the seat.
"Do you like your new home sister?" Margaery Tyrell teased her younger sister.
"Now stop that, Margaery. Nothing is set in stone for their betrothal." Lady Tyrell scolded her eldest daughter.
Rolling her eyes, Aaliyah returned to looking out the clear of the glass. She mindlessly began twisting her hair in between her fingers, as she does. "I hear Robb Stark is handsome, mother, is that true?"
"I saw him once when he was a wee thing. Very cute, and adorable. I'm sure he's as much as the same."
-House Baratheon
"Uncle, is that Winterfell?" Sara Baratheon Breathed as he rode next to her uncles, Renly and Robert Baratheon.
"Yes my fawn it seems we have arrived." The king spoke to his niece.
"There will be House Tyrell, Bolton, Forester, Blackwood, Frey, and of course Baratheon and Lannister." Said Renly, being the one who know all the little things.
Sara ran a hand through the thick curls of ebony hair that grew from her head scalp. "I hope I do not embarrass you, my king."
"How could you, my little fawn ever embarrass me?" He said with a grand chuckle.
-House Lannister
"Stop worrying little sister, I'm sure everything will be fine." Joffrey cooed, stroking Jessica's cheek.
"Mother will be finding me a husband while in the North, and with every passing day is one less with you." Curled up on her brother's lap she ran her nimble fingers through his short, blonde hair.
"A kiss for the fair maiden?"
"A kiss will do." He leaned closer, taking her lips with his. Once they parted, Jessica moved off him and to the side. Interlocking their fingers, she said to Joffrey, "I wish we could always be like this."
-House Tyrell
"Your father wasn't killed and you very well know that. He was murdered, but not by the Lannisters." Lady Oleana, The Queen of Thorns, sat across from her grandson, Loras Tyrell and Elisabeth Arryn.
"The marriage of you and Loras with help strengthen the alliance between the Vale and the Reach."
"I will do what is best for my house." Loras spoke, loud and proud. "As I will do the same." Elisabeth repeated. Though, even is they thought this old grandmother didn't know; Under that heavy, fur coat, they held hands. Hoping that their love will stay strong, even in times like this. Or what will come.
Knock! Knock!
A squire opened the carriage door then said, "We arrive at Winterfell."