
-Unknown-I watched the boy run from his cabin. He was a son of Zeus. His brother Jason ran out after him, but lost sight of him near Zeus's fist. I watch him climb a tree and saw him looking down at the ground. His chest was heaving. He was only about thirteen. He had had a fight with the others. They had always thought of him as a runt. His powers had taken a while to kick in. He was practically his brother and sister's shadow. They had suggested to go to the woods to snoop around or visit Grover. The few people who actually like him, Percy, Leo, Hazel, and Piper, had asked about bringing him and the ones you didn't really like him groaned and said no the runt would only slow us down. The few who didn't have an option like Anabeth had said that that was rude. He had snapped and yelled at them they if they didn't want him around maybe he'd just let the monsters have him. He'd ran out at that point then here he was. Suddenly two men stood before him. Ares and Hades. They looked at him with sad eyes. "Boy, look at me and fix the water pipes," Ares said. He tried his best. Hades sat next to his nephew and said "Okay, boy, here's what your going to do, your going to join Chaos' army and fight for him as a commander." The boy nodded with out thinking correctly. A red swirling portal opened then Ares pushed the boy through causing him to drop his cap he had been holding. The portal closed behind him with a loud clap almost like thunder. The gods had a murmured conversation about Zeus killing them if he found out. Jason went home thinking he couldn't find anything when it was dark. The next day the entire camp was searching the woods for the son of Zeus. They never found anything of the boy except for the had. It had been clawed by a stray monster. The next day they had the bonfire annoncing his death. As if Zues was greifing thunder and rain came down as if it were the gods tears and the thunder was his sobbing breath. No matter how hard Hera or the other gods tried they couldn't get him to stop greifing. It was like that for close to a week after. All the monsters and other creatures knew of the death of the griefijng God's son.
Just so your aware. I do not own any of the characters except Beta