
My eyes fluttered open to bright light pouring from Danni's window. Her curtains were now tousled from the heavy breeze that came from the small open hatch window during the night. Tissues were still scattered across the floor around me from last night's movie and my make-do duvet lay in a heap by my feet. I sat up to find Danni awake and on her phone, she glanced and saw me moving off my pillow. "Morning hun," she smiled, "I think we should get the bus in around an hour to get to Wolves station, that okay?" Her smile widened as the day which had been planned months in advance was now happening. "Sounds good," I hauled my bag towards me to retrieve my make up bag and spare clothes. Just as I did Sam, Danni's mum, knocked and peeped round the door. "Just checking you're up girls." She smiled before leaving. I loved it here at Danni's house. I'd always been made welcome here as if I was Sam's second daughter. We soon got ourselves ready for the day. I had straightened and sorted myself out for the day and was busy tapping away on Twitter as Danni straightened her long, dark ombré hair. We had packed our days supplies up in our bags before heading off swiftly to the bus stop. "Okay, I, seriously, need, to pass, my, driving test." Danni panted as we'd legged it across the road, dodging on coming cars and made it to hop on the bus in time. Nothing interesting happens on bus rides. No overly drunk boozers were slouched on the dirty seats and neither were there any downtown chavs or scene kids blasting their music. It was quiet. Too quiet for my liking. We ran as fast as we could to catch our train, heading into Birmingham New Street station our main destination. We sat ourselves down onto the seats and immediately I plonked my feet down on the seat in front. Relaxing from all the dashing about. "Do you think Robbie will be there tonight?" She questioned to me. I looked at her with my grey eyes as in she just asked if scrambled egg was made from eggs. "Is toast bread?" I replied. My sarcasm on point as normal. She laughed with a large smile, making mine crack. "I hope he is," I continued, "It's always amazing to see Robbie." "Bec you just want him there to stare at." She laughed loudly. "Ok he is gorgeous though." I admitted. My mind suddenly filling with scenarios where Robbie steps out of the van, or what would happen if Robbie never came... I shook my head of messy, straightened blonde hair trying to concentrate on getting me and Danni to the venue. The train pulled to a halt and everyone on board became attracted to the doors in the quickest second. Finally we made it into bright-skied Birmingham. Only eight hours to go.