
"you're doing excellent, hershey" he whispers gently, trying relight the smile that once played on my lips. what he didn't understand was my smile was long gone.
snap, the camera flashes repeatedly, swelling my tears. snap.
"aw, hersh. don't cry, lovely," he halts his actions, once he realizes the fresh tears staining my flushed cheeks.
"b-but mr.-"
"i told you, call me adam. i'm your friend, remember?" he holds down my shoulders, giving me a small reassuring grin.
"you are my teacher, we aren't friends" i coldly remind him, pushing him away.
he sighs, "here, let me help you".
he takes my clothing that is sprawled across the classroom, helping me dress myself, even though i'm more than capable of doing it myself.
gestures like this had always confused me. he was so bitter during the school day, but when times like this came, he always acted so loving and careful. as if he never wanted me to get away.
"remember, hershey. this is our little secret, no one can ever know, okay?" he ties my tie bringing it over his fingers and through the little hole to tighten it up. he doesn't look me in the eyes as he says his words, it makes me want to tell the world what he's doing to me.
"yeah."
i exit the building to find a short boy smiling at the bushes and the grass meadow behind it. i try to slip by unnoticed, but of course my clumsiness doesn't help.
he flicks his head towards me after i step on a twig. for a little, his smile disappears but comes back after he sees it only me.
"what were you doing in there, mate? school was over an hour ago, " he chuckles softly, smile so delicate that it makes me miss how my eyes also used to wrinkle like his.
"I-uh...did bad on some homework and got called back, is all," i stroll towards him, trying to see what he was smiling about. "why where you smiling?"
he grins once again, stuffing his hands into the front pockets of his jacket, "oh, you know, just enjoying mother natures work"
i cocked my head to the side, "it's only grass" something tells me that this kid climbs trees and eats pinecones.
"not the way i see it. you see, mate. you can say the sky is just the sky, or a person is just person. but to other people, that 'sky' or 'person' can be the most beautiful thing to them. grass is beautiful because it presents itself as a small, delicate little thing, but in reality, grass is stronger than us all."
"how so?" i question interested in his explanation.
"well, grass is always there for us. in the summer nights, it is there to hold you as you watch the stars. it is there when you're so angry and you just want to rip it out of the ground. it is there for any messy adventure you want to take on. but most of all, it keeps is alive, man. without it, it is one less thing that is beautiful to this earth. one less thing we can't smell, feel, see. grass is beautiful, mate. you just need to open your eyes." he stands on a medium size boulder, stretches his arms out, and inhales and exhales deeply.
"are you high?" i laugh, joining him on the rock to see if his eyes are bloodshot.
he giggles, "i'm not high! i'm just thinking out loud!"
"bro, if you're not high, you're definitely drunk" i chuckle, grabbing his arm to bring him down from the rock. god knows what this wild boy would do if i didn't.
he jumps, dusting his jacket off. "louis," he takes out his hand between us.
i gladly shake it, "harry". his grip is strong compared to mine, it's bizarre considering that i'm taller.
"well, i gots to go! see you, harry!" he runs off. i admit it's adorable how his tiny legs go up and down. everything about him is adorable since his so small. i like small people, especially old ladies. they're cute too.
the only thing in this world that isn't cute, is him.