
I walked into the small café. Wood-flooring, tables with white tablecloths, black stools at each table, walls a dark blue. I noticed my boyfriend, sitting at one of the tables for two, taking a sip of his iced tea. His chocolate brown hair was in front of his eyes a bit. He wore a white blazer and a black, light-weight turtle-neck, with dark pants and dark shoes.
He set his glass down onto the table, and glanced at me. His lips pulled up into his gorgeous smile. He waved. "Come on over here, Taylor."
I smiled back and walked quickly over to the table. I sat down on the stool. A waiter came up to me. "Water, please." I said. The waiter nodded and went into the kitchen.
My boyfriend took a sip of his iced tea. The waiter came back with a tall glass of ice water.
"How come you called me over, Evan?" I picked my glass up and gulped a bit of the water.
Evan sighed. "Taylor," he called my name first. "I really don't know how else I can tell you..."
My interest piqued. "Is something wrong?"
A sad expression came over his green eyes. "Taylor, I'm moving abroad."
A lump rose in my throat. "A-abroad?"
"I'm moving to Germany." He swallowed. I pressed my lips into a tight line. "My dad...he got a promotion there, and he found a great college for me to continue my studies in. He wants me to move there with him."
"Can't you say no?" I wrapped my hands into fists.
"I tried, Taylor. He wants me in Germany with him."
I swallowed hard, choking tears down. My voice shook. "D-does that mean it's over then?" I looked down at my hands, avoiding his gaze.
Evan stroked my black hair softly. "Why would you think that, Tay?"
"You're going to live hours ahead of me. We'd have no time to talk on Skype or call each other on the phone..."
"I'll make time."
"You can't, Evan."
"I can and I will." I heard Even stand up from his seat. His footsteps came closer to me. Then I felt this arms embrace me into a hug, from behind. "We'll be fine, Taylor." Tears spilled down my cheeks.
I whimpered. "You think so?"
"I know so." He pat my head reassuringly. "I love you so much."
|•~•||•~•||•~•|
We left, hand in hand. Evan walked me home. He told me he was leaving in two months.
In that time frame, we stayed together as much as we could. Parties, movies, dinner at each other's dorm rooms, you name it.
But time moved too quickly...
I'm now at the airport, seeing Evan off. We stopped at the security check, where he had to go and I had to let him go.
"This is it..." He said sadly. "I'll contact you as much as I can."
Nothing could stop my hot, salty tears. "You better." I sniffled.
Evan chuckled. "You're cute." He ruffled my hair one last time. Just as he was about to go through security, I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him. He was taken by surprise at first, but he hugged my torso and kissed back. He pulled away first, and whispered, "I love you."
I pecked his mouth. "I love you too..."
Our hands were entwined. He kissed my hands, and slowly let go of them. He was off. And I wouldn't see him in person, for a long time...
~PROLOGUE END~
Heh. I try. This story is inspired by U-KISS's amazing, beautiful song, Inside of Me. The lyrics are amazing and UGH but hey this story will probably suck.
THANKS FOR READING
~your LaDee