
|| A/N - Hi guys! Okay so this is my new book! I know I haven't really started it yet, but I just hope you enjoy my new book, I'm really siked about writing it and sorry if I don't update for a while at some points, its a habit of laziness lol. Anyways, here's the first chapter!! ||
|| Rosalie's POV ||
I stormed out of the restaurant with my hands formed into fists and my eyes full of tears. "Rosalie wait! Please! Let me explain!" Kadin yelled from behind me. I turned around quickly. "What's there to explain? Your a big fat lair and a cheater! I can't believe you cheated on me!" I yelled back and he opened his mouth to say more nonsense, but I stopped him. "Don't, Kadin. We're threw. Don't talk to me at school or anywhere ever again. I won't forgive you, just go be happy with your new lover, Alice!" I screamed at him with tears rolling down my cheeks. I turned around and started walking home.
I pulled my phone out of my pocket and started texting my bestfriend, Angel. Angel had very dark brown hair almost black, and she had bright green eyes. I texted her and told her what happend, when I noticed a black truck, slowly following me. I looked up at where the moon was, then I looked around the streets. Nobody was out, except me, and well, whoever is in that truck...
It started to creep me out and I cut off into some random woods, so I could make a short cut to my home. I stuffed my phone back in my pocket and turned towards the woods, walking quickly. My heart started to pound as I heard footsteps following me, and a manly, husky voice say, "Don't let her get away."
That made me turn around to look as my wolf, Autumn, took over and whispered, "Mate..." I shook my head and took control again and started to run as they got closer. I felt the first guys breath on my neck and that made me scream and run faster. I soon heard the truck they were driving crash through the woods behind us. I got a little bit ahead and I quickly but as quietly as I could, climbed up an oak tree, all the way to the top.
One of the other guys climbed the tree and was about to grab my ankle, so I did a logical thing. I jumped off the tree.
I was shocked when I felt sparks go through my body and I opened my eyes after not hitting the ground. I looked up to see the first guy, holding me in his arms. I screamed high pitched and started kicking and screaming, until he finally dropped me. I quickly got up and ran, but was stopped when I almost ran into the guy who climbed the tree with me. I slowly backed up but felt myself bump into the first guy again. I was about to scream when he covered my mouth and whispered in my ear, "Shh, little human mate.. Don't be scared.. I won't hurt you..." Wait. Did he just call me human? I'm not. I'm a werewolf, but I can turn invisable. He started dragging me towards the truck, which made me freak out even more.
He sat me down on the ground and got two ropes and a long thing that sort of looked like a scarf. He tied my hands behind my back and he tied my feet together, then used the scarf like thing to put in my mouth so I couldn't talk, and he used it to cover my eyes. He yanked me up by the arm and shoved me into the truck...
I sat there for what seemed like forever until I felt the truck come to a stop. The blindfold was lifted up and I was blinded by the bright lights for a moment. I blinked and looked around. There were three guys total. The one in the back with me was the one who called me his mate, but I just wanted to go home. I looked around again to see we were at a gas station. I just stared at the ground as the guy in the back with me said, "Stay here and don't attract any attention." I did nothing and he growled but got out and headed into the gas station with the other two guys.
The whole time I've been working on getting the ropes untied, and I was successful! I put the ropes in the front seat and jumped out of the truck and took off the scarf and threw it on the ground. I turned invisable and saw that they were coming back. I silently walked down the street, trying to see if I recognized anything. Which I didn't. I seemed to be far enough away, so I became uninvisable. I waited to cross the street to keep walking, when I heard deep growling from behind me, and footsteps racing towards me. I turned around and saw the main guy was running towards me, with his eyes pitch black. I squealed and ran across the road and I kept running until I felt a pair of arms pull me into their chest.