
Sage's POV
The brunette peaked through her glasses at the delinquent staring at her. "What?" She asked, tucking a strand of her wavy brown hair behind one ear. He turned away, running a finger over a tattoo on one of his muscular biceps. "Nothing, I was just wondering what you would look like without your glasses." She blushed furiously. He faced her again. "May I?" He gestured to her glasses. She nodded, not looking him in the eye. He slowly pulled them off of her face. Then. Suddenly. He was speechless. She had magically transformed into a Victoria Secret model...
I closed the e-book and groaned. This book had developed yet another cliché. Delete. Honestly, when did writers start to run out of ideas? The Bad Boy and the Nerd. Tale as old as time.
I especially hate how teen fiction writers have to add a slutty blond cheerleader or popular girl to play the villain. Honestly, it is demeaning, considering I'm a cheerleader and the most intimate thing I've ever done is kiss my boyfriend. And not in a hot and heavy way, either.
If I am totally honest, I don't really believe in true love. I mean, I have an amazing boyfriend/best friend, but the truth is, I'm only dating him because he's safe. I know I'm a horrible person and that's not a good excuse. But come on, who doesn't want security?
I could honestly see myself marrying him and starting a family. He's a great guy, not an asshole, like many other guys I've dated. But am I head over heels in Love? No. I sigh and get up off of my favorite bean bag chair to put on some music.
My dad had given me a record player right before my parents divorced and I was dying to try it out. I ran my fingers over the multiple records, unable to decide on a song. After careful debate, I chose Anyway you want It by Journey.
Bobbing my head to the music, I decided to practice a few routines. My dads muffled voice shouted up the stairs. I turned off the record and opened the door. "What!?" I hollered.
I could almost see him roll his eyes. "I said, your mother is here to take you for the week!" My annoyance turned to excitement. "Just a minute!" I put away my Pom Poms and ran down the stairs, skipping every other one.
Out of both parents, my mom was the fun one. We had the same chocolate curls and tan skin, not to mention an undying love for pizza. She was so young that sometimes people mistook us for sisters. And I loved spending the weekend at her 1700s style farm house.
It was fun to explore and hang out in the barn. There was even a secret passageway. Our favorite way to pass the time was go on movie marathons together or splurge on pizza. Honestly, the only downside was her annoying neighbor, Colton Miller.
His life goal was to annoy the hell out of me. Not to mention, he always seemed to either be getting in a fight or banging some girl (or girls).  All of the fights he seemed to get himself in earned him the reputation of the scariest kid in school. And yet, girls were still falling over themselves whenever he came around.
It made me vomit in my mouth a little, no lie. Although I had to admit, he was attractive. He had tan, lean arms and broad shoulders. Not to mention that jawline and stunning hazel eyes matched with dark, wavy hair. He moved around a lot as a kid and in some states the cutoff day was earlier, making him a year older than anyone in our grade.
Still, I manage to get past his looks and see him for what he really is. A huge pain in my ass. I jump past the final step and almost trip over my basset hound, Nacho. My mom waves to me as she walks through the door.
My dad gives her a curt nod. "Rose." She nods hubs back. "Warren." They were civil to each other, but nowhere near friendly. I gave my dad a kiss on the cheek and pulled my mom out the door. "Bye Dad! Bye Nacho! See you on Saturday!"
He gives me a small wave then steps back inside. I jump inside of my moms old 1976 VW van and breathe in deep. I love the smell, like cheese pizza and garlic bread. Mom climbed in after me and sat in the front seat, her curls bouncing.
I pretended to wipe sweat off my forehead as I exclaimed dramatically. "Whew!" Mom rolled her eyes again. "You really thought I was going to sell Ol' Blue? Have you no faith?" I shrugged. "Apparently not." Mom put a hand over her heart. "That really hurts, Sage, right here."
Now it was my turn to roll my eyes, still I couldn't help but smile. "Just drive, already." She saluted. "Aye aye Captain."