
During the summer of 2003, events in the northeastern united states involving a strange, humanlike creature sparked breif local media interest before an apparent black out was enabled. Little or no information was left intact, as most online and written accounts of the creatures were mysteriously destroyed.
Primarily focused in rural New York state, self proclaimed witnesses told stories of their encounters with a creature of unknown origin. Emotions ranged from extremely traumatic levels of fright and discomfort, to an almost child-like sense of playfulness and curiosity. While their published versions are no longer on record, the memories remained powerful. Several of the involved parties began looking for answers recently.
In early 2006, the collaboration had accumulated nearly two dozen documents dating between the 12th century and present day, spanning 4 continents. In almost all cases, the stories were identical.
A suicide note: 1964
As I prepare to take my life, I feel it necessary to assuage any guilt or pain I have introduced though this act. It is not the fault of anyone other than him. For once I awoke and felt his presence. And once I awoke and saw his form. Once again I awoke and heard his voice, and looked into his eyes. I cannot sleep without fear of what I might next awake to experience. I cannot ever wake. Goodbye.
Found in the same wooden box were two empty envelopes addressed to William and Rose,and one loose personal letter with no envelope.
Dearest Linnie,I have prayed for you. He spoke your name.
A journal entry: 1880
I have experienced the greatest terror. I have experienced the greatest terror. I have experienced the greatest terror. I see his eyes when I close mine. They are hollow. Black. They saw me and pierced me. His wet hand. I will not sleep. His voice..
From a witness: 2006
Three years ago, I had just returned from a trip from Niagara falls with my family for the 4th of July. We were all very exhausted after a long day of driving, so my husband and I put our kids to bed and called it a night.