
Ali pov
"Ali get down stairs right now!" My brother yelled.
"What the hell Zayn!" I yelled back.
I closed my laptop and threw it on my bed. I walked downstairs obviously angry with Zayn. I stood right in front of him with crossed arms and a bit sassy pose.
"Were moving to Australia" Zayn said pissed.
"Very funny Zayn" I rolled my eyes.
"I'm not joking Ali"
"Why the hell are we moving again!" I yelled.
"Ask dad" Zayn shrugged sitting back downI ran back upstairs, tears lining my eyes.
We move almost every 3 months. I don't even know what the hell my parents do. They are always away on vacation, me and Zayn practically live alone. I haven't seen my mom in a month and a half and my dads been gone for about 2 weeks. I sat down on my bed pulling out my phone to text my boyfriend.
To Harry
Meet me at the park in 5 minutes
From Harry
I'm on my way babe
I grabbed my leather jacket and ran down the stairs and grabbed the keys.
"I'm going to see Harry" I told Zayn
"Fine"
"Aren't you going to tell your girlfriend about moving?" I asked
Zayn mumbled a couple curse words then pulled out his phone. I laughed under my breath and Zayn gave me a nasty glare. I ran outside and got in my car and started to drive to the park. I pulled up at the usual spot and ran out. Harry was standing there waiting for me. I ran up to him jumping in his arms. Tears running down my face.
"I..I'm moving Harry" I managed to get out.
"Baby, I love you" he whispered in my ear.
His accent sent chills down my spine. One of the perks of moving to London were all of the British accents.
"I love you Harry" I cried kissing him
"You can't leave" he cried
"I don't want to Harry" I whispered
"When your 18 come back and we can be together" he said wiping tears from my eyes
"You'll wait?" I asked crying again
"Of course I'll wait for you" he smiled
"Damn I'm going to miss you"
"Not as much as I'll miss you" he whispered kissing my forehead
My phone started vibrating ruining the perfect moment. I pulled it out and looked at my text
From Zayn
Dads back, you need to come home now
To Zayn
Fine, I'll be there soon
I turned off my phone and put it back in my jacket.
"I have to go" I sighed
"I'll miss you Ali" he said pulling me closer against him.
"Bye Harry" I said pulling away
"Bye Ali"
I walked back to my car and I quickly drove home.