
| Ivy's P.O.V. |
I laid in bed while tears fell from my eyes. I didn't know what to do anymore. I couldn't take anything, not this house, my relationship, it's all too much. I wanted to just get the fuck out but I have nowhere to go. No one to go to.
"Ivy! Come downstairs for dinner now!" I heard my mother yell. So I got up and patted down my makeup and fixed my hair.
As I walked down the stairs I seen Trey sitting at the table. I really didn't want to see this bitch right now, but I forgot I scheduled a "family dinner".
"Hey baby." Trey smiled and leaned for a peck on the lips. I turned away and let him kiss my cheek while I faked a smile. He acted like nothing was wrong...like I didn't just find out he had cheated.
As we ate, my mother decided to break the silence with questions,
"Trey you still plan on marrying my daughter when yall graduate huh?" She asked with a smile. All of a sudden it got hot, my chest got tight, I couldn't help the disgusted look on my face.
"Ma please... Ain't no fuckin-"
"Yeah.. I mean why wouldn't I, this my baby." Trey tried to kiss me again and I snapped. I grabbed my steak knife and held it to his face.
"DO NOT...do not fucking touch me!" I got up from the table and ran outside because I could feel the tears coming and he didn't deserve to see me cry. I was mad as shit walking outside cause I could hear his ass following me.
"Aye.." He laughed a little. "I suggest you never do that wild as shit again. The fuck is wrong wit you!?" He spoke so quiet but I could hear the anger in his voice.
"I know you fuckin with that bitch again Trey! You think I'm stupid huh? I seen yall fuckin pictures all on Twitter Trey! Did you really think I wouldn't fuckin find out?" I yelled into his face. Then out of nowhere his hand gripped my hair tight as he yanked it. I already knew not to fight him...
"I told you about her. But I also told you I wanted to marry you right??" He said calmly.
"Yes.. You did. But Tr-"
"Shut the fuck up and stop being stupid. I love you aight? These bitches mean nothing to me. Understand?"
The tears started forming and I could feel him gripping my hair tighter and tighter with every word. I wanted to scream for my mom's help but I'd be screaming for nothing. She knows what the fuck is going on. As long as Trey put money in her pockets her ass will forever look the other way.
"You're right. I'm sorry baby." Then his grip loosened and he angrily gripped my face and made me kiss him. His lips were so soft... I'm tripping. My baby is my baby. He won't go anywhere. I know that.