
He growled and whispered in my ear, "Nice try, but I'll always find my mate..." I looked at him and growled myself, "What if I don't want to be your freaking mate?! I don't even know your name!" He looked hurt and I didn't regret it. I started trying to hit him, but he grabbed my wrists in one hand and kept his other hand around my waist. "My name is Jake Tyler Clement." He said. Then added, "What's your name?" I looked at him in the eyes with a lying face and said, "Claire." He growled and pinned me to the building next to us. "Your lying." He said as his eyes slowly became red. I shrugged. "Call me Dawn, I guess." I said. That's my last name. He slowly nodded and he acted like in those movies and he leaned in, trying to kiss me. "I just met you, and your already trying to kiss me? Ew!" I said. Jake looked a little shocked and said "Sorry, my wolf, Blake, took over for a second.." I nodded in understandment.
I pushed him off and tried to walk away, but he growled and picked me up and he placed my legs around his waist. I growled as the truck came in vew and my eyes slowly began to fill with tears, and I don't know what got into me, but I turned my head and burried my face in his hard chest for comfort. When we got back to the truck I again tried to get free, but that didn't work.
I thought I was going to be tied up and blindfolded again, but I wasn't, surprisingly. Jake sat down and then he placed me on his lap, and we didn't wear a seatbelt. I felt uncomfortable, but everytime I tried to move back into the other seat, he just tighten his grip. After the forth time I tried to move to another seat, he asked, "Why do you want to keep moving?" I looked to the other seat and answered, "Its awkward sitting on my random kidnappers lap..."I said in a whisper. I could feel his eyes on me as he said, "Well you can stay here on your mates lap, or you can be tied up and blindfolded again." My eyes widened and I looked up at Jake. I sighed and slowly relaxed and rested my head on his shoulder. "I never got to know you and your wolfs real name." He said in my ear. I sat up and looked him in the eyes, very seriously, and said "My wolfs name is Autumn, and my name is Rosalie Claire Dawn." I said. He smiled a little and said, "So I can call you Rose, then?" I raised an eyebrow. "Letting my kidnapper call me by my nickname.. Hmm.. Nope." I said popping the 'p'. He growled but I ignored it and crossed my arms then he relaxed and said, "We're home."