
Bella's POV
I hate this place. I can't believe I've been in this dumb ass orphanage for almost eight years. My family left me on the doorstep here when I was a baby with nothing but a note, a full diaper and a pacifier.
My life sucked from then on upwards. I made a few friends, sure but nothing ever filled the empty hole in my heart where a family are meant to stand.
I stood next to my friend Lia while waiting for my lunch. I took a swift glance around the room, acknowledging all the different clicks in the orphanage's cafeteria.
You had the weirdos, the fatasses, the jocks, the emos, the average people and the plastics.
(Mean girls tbh)
The plastics are the worst. They're the reason I want to leave this place, well apart from every other reason I want to leave this place.
I took my tray full of nasty slop and took it to a table. Just as I was about to eat my food, Felicia, the queen bee walked over to me.
"I sit here skank" she said in my ear. I didn't look up not because I was afraid but because her face would give you nightmares. Her bleach blonde hair looked like straw and Crayola obviously experimented their latest colours on her face.
"Then why am I sitting here?" I shot back with sarcasm an hatred seeping through my words.
She flipped her weave before spilling her sticky Pepsi all over my clothes.
"Oops" she said "I'm sorry"
I gasped at how cold it was before smirking with the best idea I've ever had.
"All is forgiven" I commented as I watched her face turn to confusion. I opened my arms and hugged her tightly, getting dark liquid all over her expensive white jumpsuit.
I heard her shriek before I ran upstairs to my room.
I was rolling all over the floor when the secret knock sounded my room. In entered Lia pissing herself laughing.
"I'm gonna take a shower" I breathed out wiping my eyes. I left the remains of my best friend in a hot mess before exiting my room.
Then, I saw Felicia stomp upstairs.
"This isn't the last of me Bella Hart. I swear I will call my father and he will-"
"Shut up, your ugly when your mad" Lia commented whilst walking past. She let out a growl of frustration before taking her anger elsewhere.
"BYE FELICIA!" I called after her, trying to get her annoyed.
I rushed to the shower before she could come back for more. I hopped into the shower, letting the warm water cascade down my back felt like heaven. I washed my face, body and hair then jumped out feeling like a daisy.
(Outfit above guys❤️)
I put on some high waisted jean shorts and a white crop top with a red number 36 on it. In addition, I put on a gold necklace and white converse.
For my make up I put on pink lipgloss some eyeliner and mascara. I then curled my hair and let it fall down my shoulders.
I wandered downstairs to see new faces that I recognised but only vaguely.
"Bella! Where were you?! I've called you five times already! We have guests. Look at what your wearing! Jesus, it'll have to do for now. Quick, get in line!" Maria fussed over me.
I ran into line next to Lia who smirked at me. 'Close call' she mouthed