
Jordan's POV
I'm walking on the street when I suddenly heard yelling. I stopped at an alley way. Standing there was a man in a black mask holding a hatchet and putting his hand over a woman's mouth.I realized something. She was about to be murdered. Right when the murderer was about to kill her, I grabbed his wrist in mid-air.
"Leave. Her. ALONE!" I yelled. I already had 911 speaking on the phone. He ran away and I canceled the phone call.
When he dropped the girl on the floor she was covered in blood and couldn't see anything.
"Are you okay?!" I asked worryingly.
"I-I-I don't know?" And fainted.
"Let me take you home," I said soothingly.I carried her to my house and layed her on the couch. Cierra, Bethany, and Isaac came into the room.
"Who is that?!" Cierra asked.
"Stranger alert! Stranger alert!" Cried Bethany.
"Guys calm down, just please make some tea and bring a few bandages." I said.
"On it!" Yelled Isaac."I'll help," said Cierra.
They soon came back with three Band-Aids, a kettle full of tea and a mug.
~~~~~~30 Mins. Later~~~~~~
"Jordan, we've been waiting forever! Are you sure she's not dead?" Bethany spoke.
"Of course not! She's probably just-"
"Beth's right, Jordan. Why don't we get lunch and you wait for her here?" Cierra stated.
"Ummm. Ok fine but make sure to bring me a doggy bag!"
All of them left and I was here.Then she woke up.
"Ahhh! Who are you?! And what am I doing here?"The girl tripped but I caught her in my arms.
"What's your name?" I asked soothingly.
"B-b-Brooke. Are you?!"
"Yes I'm Jordan Frye aka Venturian tale.""I never thought I'd meet you!" She said excitingly.
"What happened. I mean, why was that man attacking you?" I asked.
"I-i-i don't remember. I just remember being attacked then waking up here.
"Well your safe"She smiled at me.
"Your eyes are beautiful," I said.Then she yelled and I dropped her.
"What's wrong?!" I asked scared.
"I'm sorry, I've never had my eyes been called beautiful." She looked embarrassed.
"Well they are."
She yelled again then apologized.
We were quiet for a second."Thanks again for helping me."then I turned around and she kissed me! Then the door opened.
"We're home! And we brought waffles!" Yelled Cierra, "literally, we did."All of them starred at Brooke.
"Oh guys, this is Brooke." I spoke nervously.
"Hi," she said.
"Hello!!!" My siblings said together. It was a little awkward.
"It's so cool to meet you all! I adore your channel!"After a long time of talking we ate dinner with waffles. Isaac had his with butter, Cierra had it with butter AND syrup, and me, Brooke, and Bethany had it with syrup and fruits.
~~~~Part 2 coming out soon!!! Give me some suggestions and ideas I hope u guys enjoyed this first part. Special thanks to WallCEO for letting me use this photo! Lav y'all ~~~~