
•Megan's POV•I was walking into the Bridgestone Arena, in Nashville. Following the doors one by one. "Storage, Maintenance, Women's Locker, Men's!" I walked into the door like a usual Monday afternoon. "Hey, have you seen my dad?" I asked basically the whole room.Mostly "No." or "Sorry kiddo." Until, "Yeah." I looked at Dean. My dads best friend."Where?" I looked at him satisfied with my help. Someone who would actually help."Follow me." He walked out with me on his heels."Where? Tell me Dean! PLEASEEEEE?""Sheesh! The cafeteria. Or whatever. Foooood.""Shoulda known. We're Samoan. We gotta eat. So now that I know...""What?" he was ready for something."Where's Paige?""Locker room.""Okay. Thanks bye!" I walked to the locker room.
I walked in to see Paige eating some chicken wings, she got it from her father.
"Toss me a wing." I demand. Which she happily tossed me one.
"No sauce? C'mon Paigey, you know I'm Samoan." I complain.
"Come and get it, unless you want sauce on your clothes." She replies. Teasing me by pretending to toss the sauce.
"Ugh! Fine, I'm coming over there." I gave in.
I walk over there, when Roman burst in.
"LOOK NO TIME TO EXPLAIN! STEPHS OFFICE BOTH OF YOU NOW!"He yells.
Me and my dad start running, while you see Paige in her converses with her skull shirt and her ripped up jeans and you can't forget the Ambrose leather jacket, walking."For real Paige?""Sorry." All sarcastic and Ambrose like.When we get there, we notice Paige was there first.Like what the hell?"I just love to hate you my friend." I patted her back as she looked at my teared jeans."As to you." We both laughed.
"But how did you get here first?" I ask, when Dean burst in panting.
"Shortcuts." She simply replies.
"Anyway, we're done with the little family meeting. Me and Hunter thought of remaking the Shield, but with you four. Are you guys and gals up for it?" Stephanie asks with a business voice, wait thats her regular voice.
"I'm in." Paige says while kicking her feet up on Stephanie's desk.Stephanie was to busy to waiting for our reply to even notice.
"If she's in I'm in." I reply while jumping on Deans back while he's still panting.
"If my baby's in, I'm in." My dad said.
"I'm in cause my brotha is in." Dean says while fist bumping Roman.
"O-Paige feet off my desk now! Here are the scripts." She says while handing us the scripts.
"So, Dean, Paige, stay, Roman, Megan leave." Stephanie directs.
Me and Roman leave.
•Paige POV•"So, Dean, Paige, stay, Roman, Megan leave." Stephanie directs.
"Now I never got to know about you Paige, what happened to your mother?" Steph asks.
"S-she died." I stutter.
"Oh. Well what about your favorite aunt?" She asks.
"She's alive." I say.
"Now get out! Get Megan and Roman!" Steph says.
I went and got them, I was snooping on their conversation, cause I know they did on ours."So what do you want to be? Heel or-"They both screamed, "FACE!""But I didn't finish-""We are face. No question Steph." said Roman."Yeah. I don't want to be back and forth. I will stay face." Megan took a dramatic pause. "Forever."Stephanie laughed. Megan usually amuses her."Okay. Then it's settled." They walked out and nearly knocked us over.At the same moment we both nearly yelled, "Eavesdroppers!"No doubt were we all eavesdroppers. We just weren't good at hiding it. "Yeah. So? You eavesdropped on us.""Maybe." replied Megan. Then we shared a hug. As we usually do after a fake arguments. •Megan's POV• "Dad?" I asked."Yeah?" he replied. Not sure what I would ask. I was always full of questions."Can Paige and I go hang out with other superstars and divas?""Yeah. You don't have to ask. I know them all. They aren't a threat.""Thanks dad!" I was always over excited for everything. "Lets go?" asked Paige as I grabbed her wrist and ran in my stilettos. She wasn't one for running. But I was. Sometimes we do things we don't particularly like for each other. But we are family. A different kind of family. We reached the locker room. "Heyo!" she just yells and everyone waves or says "Hey" or "Wassup?"I just stood there. Towering over some. I am quite tall. Adding stilettos make me a monster.