
"Hey, get back here punk!" I hear another boys voice from behind me. The others are to far to hear, so I set down my things, and looked behind the wall. I see a blonde boy against the wall, with three other boys. One was a red head, another brown, and last one was black.
"J-just leave me alone." The blonde boy said, obviously scared. "See, look at you! You have a stupid 'dream' to venture out the walls. If you can't handle us, then you sure damn can't handle titans." The brown-head shouted in his face. "I-I told you to l-leave me alone." The blonde boy whispered and looked down.
"How about.. No. Hey, what's that you got there?" The red head boy grabbed a book of his. Wait.. I'm just standing here watching.
I sigh and walk over to the boys, and stare at them, showing no fear nor emotion. "What do you want?" One of the boys asked. "He told you to leave him alone." I say, crossing my arms. "So. What are you going to do? You're a girl. We're not afraid of girls." The red head smirked.
What he said made me want to literally rip out their teeth and make them chew and swallow it. I clench my fist getting closer pinning the red-head to the wall. "What did you say?" My grip got tighter. "I'm still not afraid of you!" He spat, struggling to get out my grip. I smile and nod, "Well, your nose seems pretty crooked, let me help you with that." I back my fist up, only for someone to grab it.
I turn and see Andy and Kat. "Sketch, chill." Andy said backing me up. "Why are you guys calling me that?" I cross my arms, obviously upset of everything that happened today. "That's your new name for us." Kat explained. I see the boys ran off, leaving the blonde boy looking down at the ground.
I walk up to him. "Hello! My name is Sunny, but you can call me Sketch." I held out my hand. "M-my name is Armin, Armin Van Buuren." He took my hand and shook it. "Thanks for your help, I got to go now."
"Ok bye!" I waved at Armin, and turn back to Andy and Kat. "We should be going back." Andy says.
"Alright." I sigh and follow both of them out of the alley-way.
As we reach the rest of the gang, the ground started to shake and lighting flashed the sky. Due to the shaking, we all fell on top of each other groaning in pain.
When I look up at the wall, I probably saw the biggest human like giant ever.
Is this what they call... The Colossal titan?
(A/N: SO HERES THE FIRST CHAPTER COMPLETED IT AT LIKE 2:00 AM WOO!
Idk if I would allow spin-offs on this one. This book is a special one to me. Still thinking. Anyways BAI!