
"Sunny, Andy is here!" I hear my mom call me from downstairs. "Coming!" I shout back. At the moment I was 8, so were my other friends. I ran downstairs and saw my lifelong friend Andy. "Hey Sunny, wanna go pick up Kat next?" He asked, looking over to me. I gave a teasing smirk, "Sure, let's go pick up your girlfriend." He gave me a playful push, "Hey, she's not my girlfriend!" He shouted.
I put my hands up in defense, "Why are you being so defensive all of a sudden?" I asked, walking out the door with Andy by my side.
Honestly, Andy is not that bad looking for an 8 year old. But deep down, he's just a shy person who can't tell his friend his feelings. I can't blame him, he's only 8.
"I'm not being defensive, I'm just proving a point." I scoffed, then looked ahead.
When we arrive to Kat's house, Andy knocked on the door while I waited behind him. We were going to the wall, to see who came back, and who died. I was hoping to see a very special person, I didn't see him for about a month or two.
"Hey guys!" I turn and see Kat. Along with Cloud, Flo, Leaf, and Bunny. We all have special nicknames for each other, but that's not important right now. "Hey Flo, Leaf, Cloud and Bunny." Andy and I greeted. "Hey, let's get going before the gate opens, I want to see who made it back." Cloud suggested. We all nodded, and headed for the crowd.
I was so excited. It was so long every since I've seen my brother and father. "Here they come!" A man in the crowds shout. I jump up to see, I'm not in average height for an 8 year old. Heck, I have to look up at Andy! Not fair.. Stupid genetics.
I see bodies, covered in a bloody sheet. Honestly, I never knew why they had to go outside. My mom never told me, she said she would when I'm older. I shrug it off and think for a moment, 'What is out there?'
"Hey Andy," I tugged on his shirt, and got his attention. "Do you know what's out there? What's killing our people?" He thought for a moment, "I don't think so, my parents won't tell me till I'm older." I nodded, and we both turned our attention back to the crowd.
It went on for a couple more minutes, but I never saw my father, nor my brother. "Hey.. I didn't see my dad or brother, do you think I missed them pass by?" I asked the gang. "I don't know Sunny." Flo replied, scared of knowing the truth.
"ATTENTION!" The man in the front shouted. "I need the daughter of Nigel come up front." I took a deep breath and the man called my fathers name. I pushed passed the crowed and looked up at the man with my big brown eyes. He knelt down on my level, making it to we're face to face.
"I am very, very sorry. But your brother and father both died, and before they did, they told me to tell you this," He paused for a moment, thinking I guess. The then he opened his mouth to speak again.
"Your father said, 'I want my daughter to free us all'" I bit my lower lip, as he continued.
"Your brother said, 'I want my baby sister to live, grow up, and avenge us.'" The man handed me a pin. It had a design of blue and white wings together. I'm guessing this was my fathers pin. I clenched it tight as my hair falls in front of my face, making a shadow. "Thank you for your service sir." I thanked the man, and he nodded and went off with the other men.
"Hey Sketch, you ok?" Leaf asked. Leaf called me Sketch, only because I love to sketch everything. I might ask the others to call me Sketch also. Other then that..
"Yeah, I'm fine." I faked a smile. "Well, let's go hang somewhere!" Cloud suggested, "Alright." Kat replied.
While the others chat or play some game, I sit a fair distance and sketch things in my book.