
He didn't need to count the votes. He clenched his fists tight, gritting his teeth angrily; he disliked being overruled by the Olympian Council, even when sometimes they're right. But then he took a deep breath and sighed, composing his frustration.
"Okay," he said quite calmly, "The girl lives. Okay. Now we must decide what to do with her. We obviously cannot send her to Camp Half-Blood, nor Camp Jupiter--wait, let's send her there instead--"
"Don't you dare," said Hestia firmly, her eyes fixed on the hearth that crackled and gave off fumes of smoke. She poked some of the burning wood with a stick as she tended it, then finally looked at Zeus with warm brown eyes that reflected fires from hearths all over the world. "You know very well what would happen if we send Fawn to Camp Jupiter--the Romans would rip her apart because of her parentage, or sew her in a sack of weasels and toss her into the Little Tiber! And we can't send her to Camp Half-Blood--it'd cause some 'slight' problems with the campers." Hestia stole a glance at Artemis, who was brushing aside some of Fawn's hair, which was the color of caramel. She opened her eyes, revealing a deep blue like the depths of the seas, and closed it again sleepily. Artemis looked at her, smiled, then glared at Zeus. The thunder and rain and wind subsided at once and the starry peaceful night made itself known immediately.
"Well then what do you suppose we should do?" growled Zeus, massaging his temples in an exaggerated way.
"I think," said Hesita, "we should send her to Hogwarts."
"You mean that school for witches and wizards?" Hera asked, frowning.
"Wait, I thought it was called Snogwarts!" cried Apollo. Ares snickered. Even Hades and Poseidon cracked a smile.
"Anyways," continued Hestia loudly, "the school's all the way in London, far away from both camps. She'll learn the ways of a smaller branch of magic from Hecate's world, and she won't be a disturbance."
Zeus pondered on this while the other gods muttered to each other.
"This is crazy!" Hades said to Poseidon. "We broke our pact once, but Zeus broke it twice with Thalia and Jason Grace!"
"Yes, but to be fair, you sent an army of demons to kill the girl," noted Poseidon.
"And Zeus turned her into a tree so she wouldn't die a horrible death!" countered Hades.
"And you turned a blind eye for your own daughter, Hazel Levesque," said Poseidon in a snap. "She's supposed to be dead."
"She had a part to play in the future."
"And so did my boy, Percy."
"Excuse me, but it could've been Thalia in the prophecy, Poseidon," interrupted Athena curtly. She smirked triumphantly.
"Yeah, well you're excused," Posedion said happily.
"What?" Athena asked, shocked.
"You said 'Excuse me', didn't you?" said Poseidon, raising an eyebrow. "So you're excused. Bye bye."
Fuming, Athena turned her back and chatted with Hecate and Nike angrily as Hades smirked at Poseidon.
"You just said the most overused comeback of all time," Hades said in a dead voice. "Spirits have been whispering me that comeback for eons."
"I have made decision!" Zeus boomed. The talking died down. "We will send Fawn Bluebell Merle--"