
Thirteen minutes have passed since midnight, on which thunder boomed loudly and shook the marble stoned pavement on Mount Olympus. Minor gods and goddesses alike quickly rushed into their temples, hiding from the fury of Zeus, lord of the skies, king of the cosmos.
He was fifteen feet tall, sitting in a throne of platnium, wearing a navy blue pinstriped suit, looking murderous, gray eyes flashing like the thunder above. He also had a neat-trimmed beard the color of black and gray, exactly like a storm cloud. The wind howled around New York City but bypassing Mount Olympus.
Next to him, sitting in a deep sea fisherman's chair kind of throne, was a god that smelled of the salty sea breeze. He wore khaki Bermuda shorts, a seriously loud shirt decorated with coconuts and parrots, and had black hair with sea-green eyes. His skin was tanned and he had sun-crinkles around his eyes. That was Poseidon, god of the seas. He occasionally glanced at his big brother Zeus rather nervously, then fingered his bronze trident that flickered with green light.
And of course, what's it worth when you can't have the third brother of the Big Three up on Mount Olympus as well? Hades was there too, looking pale-faced (it's normal, don't worry) and sorrowful. He had silky black robes on and his hair was shoulder-length, also the color of Poseidon's if not darker. His aura radiated power, not like Ares, but with an air of madness that some evil genius could make work. He sighed sadly, blew a strand of hair from his face, and twirled his Helm of Darkness lazily in one hand.
Then of course were the rest of the Olympian Council, lounging back on their comfy thrones made of leather, old scraps of metal, soft red silk, and a little bit of peacock feathers.
But as intense as this was, no one spoke. Everyone's eyes kept darting from one god to another, mostly landing on Artemis, who was looking very guilty, and Zeus.
Finally, Poseidon say forward. "Brother, I say this is pointless! We don't have to do this!"
"Gotta agree on that one, boss," Hermes chimed in. Zeus glared at him and Hermes shrunk back and set his caduceus aside, where two snakes intertwined on it. Hermes shrugged. "I mean, come on: you pardoned Perseus Jackson! Let the child live!"
"Do you not realize the situation?" rumbled Zeus, as lightning struck a car. It was fried to a pool of metal in a second. "She broke a vow and had a child."
"Well, Your Majesty," said Hera curtly, "I do remember once you, Hades, and Poseidon making a so called pact during World War II, about no children." Hera's eyes grew angry. "And you broke it! So why can't Artemis?"
The Olympian's heads turned towards a woman looking around twenty sitting in an elegeant throne made from different furs, illuminating a soft silver glow. She wore a white Greek chiton on with sandals, her auburn hair tucked into a ponytail. Her skin was flawless, and her eyes had a bright glow, like a flashlight with a million watts inserted in. Those kind of eyes that could kill you in a second if they wanted to. She tickled the small baby cradled in her hands that cooed and giggled innocently. Aphrodite, who was looking in a mirror, sighed dramatically and flashed a pitiful smiled at the woman. Then the woman spoke.
"Please, it my own wrongdoing, Father," Artemis said, her eyes showing guilt. "But do not kill her. She didn't deserve this fate. You--"
"Silence!" Zeus bellowed, and Artemis's voice died abruptly. "You're feeding me nonsense on this case! I do not forgive easily, Artemis, especially since our previous war was fought. If that is all, we will vote on whether or not Fawn Bluebell Merle survives. All in favor of vaporizing her?"
Zeus really should've said another word instead of "vaporize". I mean, it just sounds wrong and a little overkill, and a bunch of Olympians were thinking that. It sounded cruel and cold-hearted, so nobody raised their hands except for Ares, who was neither paying attention or caring about Fawn's fate, and Zeus, who did not like it when people broke their oaths--especially the gods.