
(Luke's POV)
I was gonna pull my freaking hair out as I tried, once again, to edit this damn video.
"Ugh, I'm done!" I pushed away from my desk.
My phone rang and I grabbed it looking at the name.
Jon!
I answered, "Yeah, Jon?"
"Hey, Bish! You wanna go out tonight? Go get drunk and see if we can get laid?" He laughed his crazy laugh.
I scratched my head and glared at my computer, "Yes, please! I'm freaking sick of YouTube at the moment! I need a break."
"Okay, cool! Be ready in an hour! I'll pick ya up!"
I chuckled as I hung up and headed to my room to change out of my sweat pants.
~Time skip to when they get to the bar~
I chugged down my beer and set down the bottle, Jon smiled at a couple girls that walked past us. They giggled and walked away, Jon smirked.
I wasn't really paying attention, my mind wandering off, until I felt a tap on my shoulder.
I turned around and saw the prettiest girl I'd ever seen in my life.
She blushed and smiled, "Umm, I was wondering if maybe you wanted to dance?"
I grinned, "Sure."
I quickly finished my beer and Jon sent me a wink as I followed the girl to the dance floor.
I pulled her against my chest, making her blush, I rested my hands on her waist, "So, what's your name?"
"Jean. What's yours?" She smiled as her arms wrapped around my neck.
"Luke." We swayed to 'If you leave me now' by Chicago.
She looked over my shoulder and rolled her eyes before sticking up her middle finger.
I chuckled and looked over but Jean pulled my face back, "No, please don't look over there. My best friend, Tiffany is being an idiot."
I smiled down at her as we continued to talk and dance for an hour or so.
"Well, I gotta go, I had fun tonight. Thanks for making what I thought would be a horrible night into an amazing one." Jean smiled as she kisses my cheek.
"No problem, anytime!" She giggled and I couldn't get rid of the smile even if I wanted to.
She wrote down her number on a napkin and stuck it in my pocket, "Call me sometime?"
I nodded, "You got it. Good night, Jean."
"Night, Luke." She tucked a piece of hair behind her ear and walked out the door.
I looked at the napkin then shoved it in my pocket again, Jon raised a brow as I walked up, "Man, you look happy. Did I miss something? Did you get laid?"
I smacked the back of his head, "Shut up!"
He grumbled, "Did you get her number?"
"Yup! Right here safe in my pocket!" I smacked my pocket and grinned.
Jon chuckled and asked, "You ready to go?"
I nodded, "Yeah. I need to finish editing that video anyways."
~Time skip to next morning~
I groaned as I slowly opened my eyes, "Its too freaking early..." I looked over at the clock and it said, 7:54, I pulled the blanket over my head and closed my eyes.