
It was a hot late summer morning, the annoying sound of an alarm clock hit Kevins ears making him wake up. His bedroom was just like everyone elses, a single bed for him to sleep on, a dresser just across the room with a television on top of it and just right next to it is his desk with a computer tower and screen. The only odd part that differs him from everyone else is the posters on his walls, they were of the Pyro from an online game called Team Fortress 2. He is a huge fan of this particular character due to the fact that not only was he a pyromaniac but when any scenario seemed dark or grim he could always see the bright side, kinda like the pyro. After hearing the loud buzzer continued Kevin finally hit its off button making it stop, he yawned followed by a long stretch and finally scratching his back when he noticed his phone lighting up. He grabbed his phone and noticed he had received a message from one of his friends at midnight, he smiled as he read it "Happy B-Day." That's right! Today was Kevins birthday, he texted her back telling her thank you for the reminder, though shes was probably asleep so she won't receive the message till much later . How could he have forgotten it was his birthday? Then again his step father never really cared about him at all and his mom was working two jobs to ever talk to him. Kevin quickly got up and did his daily routine, took a shower brushed his teeth and started to put his clothes on. Today he decided to go with his dark blue undershirt with black cargo pants and his red jacket, even though it was around 83 degrees outside Kevin never wore shorts, nor go outside without his jacket he wasnt sure why this was it was just how he felt, never really comfortable wearing shorts he guessed. Kevin now ready for the day got to his door and began to open it, as he was opening the door the smoke and smell of cigarettes and alcohol hit Kevin like the smell of garlic hitting a vampire, putrid and horrid. He coughed for a couple of minutes quietly trying not to wake his step father in law, he's not really polite when he's been woken up from an alcoholic coma, then again he never is when he's around Kevin. Once Kevins lungs got used to the air again he quietly went outside to see if there was any mail. To his luck there was three boxed all for him was a tiny 6x6 inch box from his friend Tyler, Another was a long 6 foot by 2 foot from his friend Gage (he was really happy to see that one cause he already knew what it was) and a normal moving 10x10 box from the auto store just a couple of miles down the road, Kevin carefully grabbed the boxes and walked to the shed in the backyard, once he closed the door behind him he turned on his Bunsen Burner illuminating the inside of the shed, inside was a workbench and a toolbox the workbench didnt seem to have anything on it except for a big rig battery and duct tape. He first unpacked the box from the auto store which turned out to be a carjack kevin smiled as he had the final piece to make his project complete and put it next to the car battery and the duct tape. He then opened the smaller of the two boxes next which was from Tyler, the wrapping was a but difficult but once he finally got it unpacked what was in the box his eyes widened and his mouth dropped with joy, it appeared to be a gas mask but it wasn't any other gas mask it was the optic mask that the pyro wears, there was a note right next to it."hey Kev happy birthday, i know how much you wanted this I'm glad i found it,weirdly enough there was one on eBay that was for sale, anyway hope you enjoy and hope your birthday is good man!" Kevin didn't read the part about the eBay, he got the mask finally! He put the mask over his head, the rubber kinda pulled his hair but he ignored the tiny pain, as soon as the mask was fully on he noticed it was a bit harder to hear at first but everything else seemed alright,he could see everywhere and he could breath fine. The shed door then opened and his mom walked in. She was nice, she had brown hazel long hair with crystal blue eyes,her smile could brighten anyones day and you could hear her laugh a mile away. Kevin turned around making his mom jump a bit with the gas mask he wore. "You scared me Kev." Kevin began to laugh."well I'm glad your having a good birthday so far, here Kev, i hope you like the gift i got you" she handed Kevin a box that fit Kevins hand perfectly, he unwrapped the paper from the box and he saw 3 to 4 boxes of matches and two zippo lighters, one with a balloonicorn and another one with just a flame on it, Kevin smiled and quickly hugged his mother, but something wasn't right, she flinched and winced, he looked at his mother with concern which then turned to anger when he saw she had a black eye. "Sweetie its, its nothing d-don't worry about it please." Kevin nodded and pointed to her hair which was done. Kevins mom smiled"yeah, i just had it done, i'm glad you like it." Kevin nodded to what she said and she smiled. "Thanks sweetie, now i gotta go to my morning job, ill see you tonight alright?" Kevin sorta understood what she said and nodded, his mother smiled kissed his forehead and then closed the shed door behind her. After a couple minutes of playing with his new lighter kevin decided to finish his project now that he had everything he needed. It didn't take him long all he had to do was screw that base of the jack to the bottom of the big rig battery then wrap the area of where the screws were around with duct tape finally what he did was tighten the jack until it was fully extended. Even though it was quite easy to finish Kevin was proud of what he made, it was as long as a baseball bat , he tried to pick up his finished creation but he wasn't strong enough to hold it,he could barely move it off his workbench let alone pick up the thing, it must've weighed a ton. He shrugged and left it on the workbench and decided he'd fool around for a bit by pretending to be the pyro by acting out his taunts.Kevin wasn't bad at doing the taunts granted they weren't really complex with the axe all he had to do was pretend he was strumming a guitar, the next taunt he did was he had to pretend he shot someone with his flair gun at point blank again not difficult, the third one was a little difficult but kevin practiced with it it was he had to create a balloon animal then light the back of it and watch it fly around, the first couple of tries it popped instantly when he lit it but he finally got it, now kinda came the dangerous ones but Kevin wasn't afraid, he went back into the shed and came out with two things a gasoline canister and a bubble jar, with the gasoline canister he poured a big ring around himself and put the canister far away so it wouldn't hurt him, then what he did was he got the bubble wand out of the jar and began to blow bubbles in an arch above him, then with his other hand he had a lit match from what his mom gave him and lit the gas around him and began to laugh evilly, if only he could do the things the pyro could he wished. After he finished with those he looked around bored as ever, that is till he saw the gasoline canister and remembered one more taunt, kevin quickly went back into the shed and came out with a kiddie pool and placed it on the ground and began to fill it with the gasoline and started to play in the kiddie pool. Kevin then jumped a bit once he heard the backdoor slam and a aggressive drunk voice behind him "hey dumb ass, where the fuck dod your mother go?" Kevin ignored him, even though last time he did he didn't wake up for a couple of days. "Faggot! Im fucking talking to you!" Kevin slowly turned toward him, he was just finished with his cigarette and laughed. "Wow your a fucking idiot wearing that shit how do you think people will treat you? Ill give you an head start on how." He tossed his used butt at Kevin smacking him in the head and began to fall into the pool, panicking he quickly tried to grab the butt before it landed into the kiddie pool but it was to tiny for him to grab it, as soon as the butt hit the gasoline everything went black."Local 32 year old Jeffery Jones sent to life in prison for abuse,possession of drugs and man slaughter of 16 year old Kevin Schraa, they say the pool kevin was in ignited on fire when Jeffery tossed his cigarette butt into the pool, we have not yet been able to find the body yet, jeffery was sent to prison not soon after."(Two years later) Kevins eyes slowly began to open he looked around and only noticed blue he didn't know where or how he got where he was till a familiar smell hit his nose, he was in his basement underneath a cover sheet to protect stuff from rain, yet the question still laid how'd he get here and why, he slowly and painfully got up and went upstairs out of the basement where he saw all his families furniture and valuables covered by white sheets with a piece of paper on all of them "town auction 8/29/2016" Kevin read the note over and over again, it couldn't have been last thing he knew was..was, his step dad,it all started to come back to him how he threw a cigarette butt at Kevin, then him scrambling him to get the cigarette but then failing and... Kevins mind process stopped when he heard the sound of a window breaking. "Jeez the cops are so fucking stupid,"oh, i don't feel well, i-i think i gotta" hahahaha, pathetic" Kevin knew that voice he knew it to well. He started hearing footsteps walking closer to him. "at least i was able to steal one of the fuckers guns hehehe, alright time to get some re-" Kevins step father stopped when he say him there, and by the looks of it breathing. "N-no it it cant be, i-i saw you burn! I was the one who hid your charcoaled body theres no fucking way thats you!" Kevin began to slowly walk toward him. "G-get the fuck back!" He aimed the gun up at kevin and fired at him puncturing his right shoulder, but instead of blood coming out,but instead was ash, Kevin stopped and looked at his new wound and back up at his step father only lifting one hand, Jeffery's hand began to burn as the gun started to melt, he dropped the gun and tried to quickly grab it again but Kevin was right above him, Kevin grabbed his step father by his face and held him there, he started to scream in pain as kevin watched his skin begin to bubble and melt off now showing the meat start to turn brown as if he was cooking him alive from the inside out, jeffery screamed more and more the screams getting more blood curdling till his eyes literally popped out of his sockets and ignited quickly into a tiny ball of fire. "A little inferno will take the bad away!" Kevin said, his voice was more demonic and deep then when he ever had talked, as soon as Kevin let go Jeffery fell to the floor hard his face now with no skin at all connected to his face the meat was all dark cooked well done except where his hands were which had the burnt marks in the shape of his hands. Kevin finally snapped back to normal and saw the bloody cooked mess he created and finally saw what he had became, his hair instead of being brown it was now black as coal his eyes instead of being brown as well were now crimson red and fire orange and his mouth...was covered from his chin to the bottom of his nose and reaching as far back as underneath his ears in what was left of a mask melted onto his face, he was a monster he didn't know what to do only thing he could do was run so he went down to the shed and tried to pick up his created project which was now extraordinarily light for him, he strapped it to his back and grabbed gages box  taking out a homemade flamethrower that actually worked, he left a note on it as well "use this wisely Kenn, and happy birthday" kevin smiled and ran out of the shed heading towards the woods leaving only a trail of burnt footsteps and the past life, he was no longer Kevin Schraa, no he is now known as Lil Inferno.