
Ethan's POV
I wake up to the sound of my father yelling at me. He's drunk.
"Get up you worthless piece of shit! Where is the beer I told you to buy!?" I throw my covers off of me and get out of bed.
"I don't know, I put them in the fridge last night." I say while walking to my bathroom. I pass my short father and he grunts and leaves my room with a slam of the door. I may be 19 but I have my ways of getting things. I walk into my bathroom and wash my face and brush my teeth. I walk out and walk to my dresser and change my plugs put on my skeleton hand snake bite. I change my eyebrow piercing and put in my red tongue piercing. I have some collar bone piercings and a lot of tattoos. I put on a plain white T-shirt and put my red and black plaid flannel, leaving it unbuttoned. I put on some tan skinny jeans and put on my red converse shoes. After that I combed my light brown hair to make it look messy. I got my car keys and my backpack. Finally, I'm leaving this place and going off to college. I'm going to Colorado state university in Fort Collins, Colorado. I'm going to live on campus. I can't wait to leave this joint.
I unplug my phone and take the charger and put it in my backpack. I close my door and walk downstairs to see my father drinking again. I pass him and his 5'2 self, while I am 6'0. I didn't bother to say bye and walked out the door to my parked car. I drive a black BMW x5, the M version. I get in and start the car and plug my phone into the car and put on some music.
I may always listen to rock but I like some rap. I put on one of my favorite rappers, Phora. He isn't like most rappers, but he actually talks about life and everything he sees. I pull out the drive way and make my way to my new home.
I know that once I get there that some girls will be all over me. I am a popular and good looking "emo" guy. Well that's what I've been told. Like this one girl, Juliet who has been trying to get with me since freshman year oh high school. She is a slug though. God knows how many STD's she has... ugh. I pull up in the student parking lot. I get out and do all that carp of getting my schedule and room and finding out who my roommate is.
~~~
I brought in all my things from my car thanks to the help of my new roommate Daniel. After getting all settled in and unpacked, I get a text message. I look to see who it is and then a smile lights up my face. Daniel mast have seen it though because he asked,
"Whats with the big smile, did your girl text you?"
"No my best friend did."
"Well do they have a name?"
"Yeah."
"Well what is it?"
"Mikhala."