
Chica POV
The day was almost over! I need a break from the kids! But NOT THE PIZZA! Sorry I have a heart for pizza.
Then I look at the clock and it was 12:00. The kids and adults went out to the door, then left.
"Well I think we all take a break. So let's go to the kitchen and.." Freddy said as I interrupted him.
"And EAT PIZZA!!!" I said
Hey! I can't help myself😄
"Of course Chica! But before we go, Chica can you tell Foxy to come?" Freddy ask
"Sure!" I said
So I went to the private cove and saw Foxy alone...
"Hey Foxy!" I said
"Ah! My dear lady lass!" Foxy said happily
"Me, Bonnie, and Freddy are going to the kitchen to eat some pizzas! Want to come?!" I ask
"Sure why not!" Foxy said
So me and him were walking to the kitchen until he got my hand.
"F-Foxy?" I questioned
"Oh?! Sorry" Foxy said
He was blushing, I wonder why?! But I didn't mind he hold my hand! I kinda have a crush on Foxy...
Foxy POV
Chica was staring at me, then gave me a kiss in the cheek!
"Come on Foxy let's go inside!" She said as she smiles
Her smiles are so cute!
"There you two! We were about to eat your pizzas!" Bonnie said as he looks at them
"Sorry Bonnie but I'm the one that loves pizza?!" Chica question it
"Yeah Bonnie! Learn respect!" Freddy said as we all laughed
Me and Chica sat down in the table and ate our pizzas.
"This is... SO GOOD! Nom Nom" Chica said as she enjoys her pizza.
"Chica me dear here you go!" I said as I gave my last pizza slice.
"Thank you Foxy!" Chica said as she noms it
"Well I need to go the bathroom, to clean my furr because someone spill some sauce on it!" Freddy said as he looks at Bonnie
"What?! It was funny!" Bonnie said as he laughs
"Well... I'm pretty tired." Chica said as she yawns
"How about you sleep with me lass?!" I ask her
"Umm... Freddy can I?" Chica asked Freddy
"Hmm... well only for one night" Freddy said
"Thank you Freddy!" Chica said as she gives Freddy a hug
"Hey! No fair I want to sleep with Chica! Err.. I mean... I have to go to the bathroom!" Bonnie said as he walks out the kitchen and went to the bathroom
"Looks like the lass is jealous" I said
Then my dear Chica laugh.
I sort of like Chica. And whenever the pizzeria opens, all I think is... her.
Me and Chica go the private cove.
Then I laid down, and look at Chica.
"Foxy you still have that scar on your chest?" She questioned
"Yep! You like it?" I ask
"Maybe... Can you least move so I can sleep?!" Chica said as she lays down in the bed with me
"Okay, goodnight my dear lass!" I said as I give her a kiss in the cheek.
Then she cuddles up and I hug her soft, beautiful body.
"F-Foxy! I-I.." She struggled
"Shh... Chica just sleep...I... love... you.." I said as I feel asleep
Chica POV
Oh my god Foxy gave me a kiss in the cheek, hug me and then said "I love you"
To Be Continued...