
"For the sake of chocolate cupcakes, shUT UP!" I yelled at the group of Barbie dolls that WOULD NOT stop talking.
"What?" One of them said, raising a brow.
"I said shut up. Have you gone deaf, blondie?" I stated with an eye roll, oblivious to their glares.
"And what are you gonna do about it?"
"By you being deaf? I dunno. About shutting you up? We have duct tape, scissors, my feet, and hands in this room. I'm not afraid to use them." I stated opening an eye. They gasped.
"Y-your eye-!"
"You demon!" Someone in the classroom shouted. I sighed. This is why I don't open my eyes around people if I don't have my contacts or glasses.
"What's it to ya? If I were a demon, I would be cooler than you, my dear chicken mcnigglet." I dragged the dear for a second.
Oh, humans are so fun to tease!
Next thing I know, a balled up piece of paper hit my head.
눈_눈 Really? Paper? Why not a chair or something?
( ಠoಠ) Oh wait, they're too weak to do that. *Cue applause for me finally figuring that out*
"Who threw the paper?" I said kindly with a eye smile. Silence... and a twitch from the one and only, Pinacalada.
"Who. Threw. The. Paper?" I frowned and opened my eyes.
My, what a disgrace! They've chosen to lie over a simple question!
I waited for about one second before they pointed at me to them. I pointed at them and guess what I did!!
t(^-^t) BAM! The puppies are up!
They glared at me. (\(U-U)/) I'm an innocent bystander, I did nothing wrong. They just can't stand my beauty cause they are the beast.
I chuckled when someone actually threw a chair at me which I skillfully dodged. Oh, wait where am I again?
Remeber...
To eat a doughnut...and a fudge cake...
And to watch Kuroshitsuji: The Book of Circus when I get home...
Oh...wait, what? I'm so off track..
A bell rung signaling to leave-the-school-unless-you-want-to-die-of-bordem. Ah..so I'm at school! That explains the desks and the chairs!
Yeah I have the attention span of a peanut....that's...bad!
I ran out of the door with my eyes closed. I'm a boss!! I literally flew out of the door and ran like there was no tomorrow.
For some reason, I kept passing the same tree. Thirteen times in fact.
Dang it...I never ate my doughnut! Now I'm craving animal grahams!
That's when my strange little world went blank.
Hours Later
I groaned when snow fell on my face. I looked from side to side and saw...a midget? He had black hair and oh so beautiful silver eyes.