
Hey People! Just an FYI, this is just a little sample of whats coming up! If you like what you see, stay tuned for the first chapter! Also, if you are a fan of Percy Jackson and the Olympians, or Heroes of Olympus by Rick Riordan, go check out The Aftermath, a fanfic Im still creating. Thanks for reading, and enjoy!
~Kat
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Erin rode her plain grey bike toward the school, not wanting to be late. Although her thoughts were on school, she couldn't help but notice a small glint in the dirt beside the concrete. Maybe the MapleTree Crew left a tool behind or something, she thought logically. It wasn't unusual. She could maybe return it after school.
She hopped off of her bike and let it fall into the soft, organized, neatly cut grass. She moved her school dress out of the way and dug through the moist soil until the tip of her finger brushed a piece of metal.
"What could this be...?" She muttered to herself, looking around, making sure none of the other citizens of MapleTree Grove noticed her. She quickly scooped up the small metal object and slipped it into her pocket. She stood up and retrieved her bicycle as if nothing was out of the ordinary. Erin had the sense that she should be secretive about this, but she wasn't sure why. Everyone knew that the entire District was under video surveillance at all times. But, everyone knew about the small blind spot just big enough for one person by the Third School.
"Good thing Im a little bit early... I could take a quick peek at what I found at the blind spot." Erin whispered under her breath to herself. People would often find Erin talking to herself like this, but no one would ask what she was saying. It was considered Rudeness, eligible for Discipline at the Home Block. No one liked the Disciplining. It tended to be a boring event, often ignored by residents of The District. But, a Discipline was put on your life record. Anything on the life record was important to getting a good job from The District later in life.

-~-~-~-~-~-
As soon as Erin got to school, she docked her bike by the entrance and ran to the blind spot. She tried not to act suspicious, because there was a lot of early students getting ready for the day ahead. She managed to get to the blind spot without any problems, so she let her guard down for a few moments. Erin reached into her pocket and slowly brought out the twisted piece of metal. It had a clover shape at the top with small engravings, and at the base of the clover shape there was a long piece of metal welded. It branched off at the end to become a small blocky shape. The entire outside of the metal was engraved beautifully, with intricate swirls and loops. (A/N If you still aren't sure what the "Piece of metal" looks like, check the cover. That gives you QUITE the clue, hm?) I swear I saw something like this in the Museum of The Past... Erin thought. Just as she was slipping the treasure into her pocket, the bell rang. Time to begin annual classes. Erin pushed through the doors of the Third School, ready to begin the day without another thought of the mysterious artifact, with secrets no one could imagine.

-----------------------------------------------------------
So I hoped all of you liked that little preview of what is to come! Stay tuned for more. Welcome to the "perfect" world of Erin Armstrong!

~Kat