
Ryouko pov~Dream~
"I'm alone I will always be" I thought.
"Why won't anyone believe me" I thought.
"Why do you lie to people?" a young version of me asked.
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"Why are you lying to people and saying that you are strong?" she asked.
"I'm not lying I'am strong" I said.
"No your simply a normal girl in wolfs clothing" she said.
End of dream~
"No I'm not!" I yelled as I open my eyes to relize I was on my king size bed.
"Milady are you all right my Butler?" Sebastian asked.
"It was just a dream" I whisper to myself.
"Hmm?" he ask confused.
"It's nothing" I said as I get up.
"Do you need putting on your uniform" Sebastian said.
"No I'll be putting on my common outfit not the uniform" I said.
"But it's the school rules to wear your uniform" he said.
"I already talk to the principal and he said its alright" I said to him.
"Very well breakfast will be ready soon" he said.
I nodded and went to the bathroom to take a bath as Sebastian left.
Time skip~
As I finish taking my bath I put on my common outfit that I always wear.
"Ringo" I thought.
"I wonder what she's doing now" I said to myself.
I then snap out of it and started to brush my hair and put on a low ponytail.
I was then done and I got my bag and went downstairs to eat breakfast.
"Good morning Milady" a maid said as she pass by me.
"Good morning" I replied.
I was the downstairs and I made my way to the dining room.
Time skip~
I finished eating my breakfast and I got up and said something to Sebastian.
"Sebastian is the limo in the front" I said.
"Yes Milady" he replied.
I then grab my bag and left to the front entrance.
As I was at the front entrance I open the door and walk outside to see the limo and the driver with my Butler standing there.
"I hope you have a good day Milady" he said.
I nodded and got inside as I told the driver to go to Ouran academy.
Time skip~
We arrive at Ouran and my diver open my door as I got out people were staring so I glare at them as they shook in fear and look away.
I then walk towards the building and saw people whispering but I ignore them.
I then made it to the building and went straight to class as I was in room 1A.
I was then inside the class room and people were staring and I glare at them and they look away.