
"Hello Ms. Altergrace, Mrs. Pierce will see you now." Mrs. Chamberline said showing me to the principle office.
"Well, well, well, if it isn't the talk of the school. Mrs. Altergrace herself. I hope you know why your hear." Mrs. Pierce said sternly.
I knew exactly why I was in the principles office and I'm not looking forward to it. I knew that I was going to be punished for that stupid book. Because of me so many people's feeling have been hurt and now everyone's giving me the cold shoulder. Even my best friends Kiernan, Kai, and Abel are giving the cold shoulders. I didn't even care for the attention. I mean at first it was nice but then I started losing friends and then the boys got their hands on it and I lost everyone including the one person I truly cared about, Ronin.
I had selfishly let all of this power go to my head and I didn't know what to do. Of course the boys finally spoke out and told the deans which is why I'm hear in this grey office. Why didn't I burn that book while I had a chance or better yet why did I have to write that stupid book in the first place.
Mrs. Pierce stared at me waiting for an answer. It was silent and awkward and this made me feel so uncomfortable. I felt like I just completed a felony and the cops were investigating me. So I finally told Mrs. Pierce what she wanted to know. I basically told her the basics, I guess she want very happy because she gave me an unpleased look which indicated that I want off the hook.
"Ms. Altergrace I need you to tell me exactly how this book got into everybody's hand. You know something like this can get you suspended, even expelled. Do you have anything to say for this." Mrs. Pierce asked me.
Of course I didn't respond. I went threw this one hundred times already. I'm pretty sure I've told her every single detail she wanted to know about the book. It wasn't even my flipping fault. It was misplaced and some curious girls got their hands on it. What more did she need to know.
"You understand that many of those boys you wrote about are angry and furious with your accusation. Right Ms. Altergrace? And this book can cause some serious law suit. So in order for me to help you out here, you need to tell me every little price of detail staring form the beginning." She said with a sympathetic smile.
Mrs. Pierce sat their and waited for any sort or reaction from me. She was the schools principle and she was an awful one. I'm not even sure how she got the role. She seemed more like a guidance consoler then a principal, but who was I kidding every teacher in this school would never be able to suppress the role as a principal better then her. She impatiently waited for my answer which I knew eventually I was going to choke and tell her.
"Fine then Ms. Altergrace, since you won't budge I have no other option then to expel you. I'm sorry I have to do it but you made me." She started filling out my expulsion slip but as soon as I realized what was happened I burst out in words. I couldn't control myself, I didn't want to be expelled. She tried to calm me down but I just couldn't, I was just rambling and rambling on about the book and it being misplaced.
"Please Mrs.Altergrace calm down we can fix everything I just really need you to cooperated with me. If you at least do that then we can work something out." She said I didn't know what to say so she walked over to her tea kettle and poured some in a teacup.
"Here's a cup of tea. Sip on this while you tell me the story. Start form day one and don't miss any important detail." She said handing me the cup of tea.
"So what day did you misplace your book? Do you at least remember what happened?" She asked curious.
"Yes! I remember it clearly. It was the beginning of sophomore year on the 12th of October. My parents were packing because we were moving a block closer to the school. My mom wanted me to get rid of some thing's that I didn't need. She told me to make two piles, one was stuff I didn't need and the other were things I wanted to keep. I had two boxes of books and, "The Book" was in the pile of things that I needed. She had accidentally took the wrong pile. Keep in mind I had no idea where she was donating my things. I went crazy when I realized my mom took the wrong books. She told me that she had took them to the public library so they could put them to good use."