
"Pain is a four letter word.", are the words my grief counselor began our first meeting with. She continued talking in a high pitched voice that someone might use for a kitten or an infant but I couldn't pay attention, a habit that I had taken over ever since I lost my brother. I scanned the empty dull room, a circle of eleven chairs sat in the middle on tan tile, with four gray walls, for a place where you're supposed to feel better, this place really sucked. There were nine other members of the group excluding myself and the counselor, all nine had different expressions, some were already crying, some biting their lips with anxiety, some fiddling with their fingers, and some staring off into space. Which made me wonder if they were thinking the same thing I was; "Some lady telling me that my loved one is with God and healthier now isn't going to fix anything.". The first meeting she did all the talking for a whole hour and a half I listened to her explain God's plan, what heaven was like, and how we would each go through the five stages of grief together. "This is your safe place." Which is what she ended the meeting with. "A safe place really Peggy? How could she tell me that I would be safe in a room with nine other people who are going through what I'm going through, because honestly at this moment I don't give a shit about any of these people and none of them will ever be safe with me for that exact reason. " I thought to myself.As I walked out of the room and through the lobby I could tell that my ride wasn't here as I looked through the window, I sat down in one of the chairs and texted my dad to come pick me up. A girl fifteen or sixteen; around my age, with long brown hair sat beside me and began talking to me. Just pointless small talk like where I went to school, what grade I was in. I told her I attended Jameson high school and that I'd be a sophomore in the fall. Surprisingly, she said she had just transferred there and would also be a sophomore in the fall. Her mom arrived, the girl left and I sat in that lobby for the next two hours waiting on someone to remember that I needed a ride home or just for someone to remember me really. Ever since my brother passed no one in my family had been the same which is expected I guess but things had seriously got outta hand. My father was always at work as if he'd forgot he even had a family to return home too, my mother was so popped up on depression pills that she wasn't in a stable enough condition to remember the family she had just in the next room and my sister had taken it upon herself to be the high strung one who would act as if my brother had never died, going along as if there nary a care in the world. I'd kinda been left alone in my room to do as I please, a family friend signed me up for these dumb meetings and had insisted I go, she dropped me off but told me and my father that'd she'd be unable to pick me up, which was supposed to be his job but once again he'd overworked and had forgotten. When he showed up he apologized and asked me a bunch of questions about the meetings but seeing that I had spent three fourths of the meeting in my own world I didn't have many answers. Now a days, when my dad was home he scrambled for things to talk about if we were in the same room together he couldn't handle silence, I believe that's why he's always at work, there's always something busy there something to take up that void he must be feeling. By not having very lengthy responses my dad eventually gave up and we sat in silence the rest of the ride home, he dropped me off and told me he'd be home in a couple hours that there was more to handle at work, I faked a smile told him I loved him and closed the car door. He sped off in a frenzy,leaving me behind standing in the driveway dreading unlocking the house door and walking back into the constant memory of my brother that I call a home. My house is a simple one small but not too small, white with a maroon roof and shingles, that sat up on a hill. I slid the silver key in the slot and twisted the handle, a chill ran down my back as I opened the door, no one was home except my mother, which equaled up to no one being home. The first thing you see as you walk into my house is my brothers door a plain white door with a life size poster of Dale Earnhardt taped onto it, his room had been left the same, not a single thing moved, I don't even believe anyone had been into it since my bother had passed. I opened his door and inhaled the sweet musky smell of his black polo cologne, and sank into his still made bed, I stared at the ceiling as we had done many times together discussing life, talking of our life long dreams, places we'd love to see, and wicked ideas we had to save the world.Dreams that he would never accomplish, places he'd never go and ideas he'd never follow through. I looked around and soaked in every detail of his once lively room the red walls, the tall cherry oak dresser, Dale Earnhardt keep sakes, size thirteen tennis shoes sitting beside the door, and the same 10 year old bird house I had made him in second or third grade. I turned on my side and stared at the birdhouse sitting on top of his desk, a blue roof, an orange door opening with red sides man what a sense of color I used to have. I blinked away tears, closed my eyes and dreamt of better days as I fell asleep.