
The world has a lot of problems. Everyone knows that. The people have gotten worse. The little kids are having adult issues. Teenagers are growing up to be monsters. This one in particular, Axel Rogers, is one of them. She was a girl that was from a family that grew up poor She didn't have much, including a father hat her side. Her father left her and her older brother when she was ten. Her brother was fifteen. Things happened which makes her into this predicament right now. Her mother was laying down here on this hospital bed. Axel was teary eyed, her brother was sitting next to her and glared at her.
"Suck it up," He growled, "Mother doesn't need to see you cry,"
So, that's what Axel did.
"Hey mom," Frank whispered as his mother awoke from her deep slumber. Since the cancer started, their mother had gotten a lot worse. They tried to contact their father to tell him about her illness and saying how little time she had. He didn't care though. They hadn't seen that man in a long time.
"My babies," She whispered with a smile plastered on her face. Frank smiled at her and held her hand while Axel sat there looking at her mother. She was pale. She looked cold and she look frustrated. Axel wished that she could help her, she really did. Frank was talking to her and Axel was sitting there lost in thought. She was wondering what she could do about her mother. What she could do to make her live just a  little bit longer.
What could she possibly do to make this work? She couldn't ask her father for anything or else she would. Her brother had one job and it was barely paying the bills. She fixed motorcycles for a living and had to deal with drug addicts.
"Say good by to mom," She was jerked from her thoughts when she heard her brother say that. She looked and saw that their mother's doctor was standing in the room with a clipboard in hand and annoyance plastered on his old face. She looked to mom and saw how terrible she looked.
She was going to do anything for her mother.
Anything.