
"My name is Kyoya Ootori and this is the Ouran Host club where we entertain young ladies like yourself and you already talk to Tamaki our Host Club king and the twins, and the one who ask you if you want cake is Honey-sempi and with him is Mori-sempai" he said.
"I see" I said.
"But why did you bring me here" I look at the twins
"Well you kept ignoring us so we decided to take you here to entertain you" they said.
"You mean you Kidnap me for you can entertain me!!" I yelled and glare at them.
"Well yeah" they said.
"I don't need entertainment, anyways I'm out of here" I said as I grab my bag.
"Hey!!" they yelled they grab me and my eyes widened.
Flashback~
"Please stop" young me whimp.
He just smile and continue {A/N: if you know what I mean}.
"No stop please NO STOP!!" she yelled.
End of flashback~
I snap out of it and grab both of there hands and flip the both of them.
They were shocked and look at me as I was shaking in fear.
I then almost cry so I hurry out the door and ran.
"Wait Ryouko!!" they yelled.
"Ringo I need you" I thought as I kept running.
I then outside near a fountain and I was tried and I didn't realize I black out.
But one thing slip out of my mouth.
"R-ringo" I said and I let the darkness take over.
Hikaru pov~
As we yelled for Ryouko we ran and chase after her.
We found her near a fountain and I heard something slip from her mouth.
"R-ringo" she said before she black out.
"Kaoru go call Kyoya and tell him what happened" I order as they nodded.
I carry Ryouko bride style and I touch her forehead to see she had a fever.
We all ran to the club and I saw Kyoya call a doctor.
I lay her down on the couch and see she was breathing heavily.
"So what happened?" Kyoya asked.
"Well chase after her we noticed she caught a fever" Hikaru said.
"I see I already call a doctor so he be here soon" he said.
"Please believe me, I'm not lying" I heard her voice.
"Huh what she dreaming about" I thought.
Time skip~
And the doctor came to see she had a fever and will be fine as Kyoya called her family phone her Butler came and carry her to there car but he stop and turned to us.
"Thank you for everything I hope to see you all again" he smiled then walk away with Ryouko in his arms.
"I hope you feel better Ookami-san" I thought.
Until next time See You...