
"Beep Beep Beep"
I reached out and pushed the snooze button on my alarm. I don't want to get up. Not today.  Today marks my first day as a senior in high school. I hear footsteps, and then my door opens. Oh no. My brother.
"Get up! Serina you can't be late for school!" My annoying brother says as he jumps on me and rips the warm blankets off of my body.
"Kellin get off of me!" I screamed. I heard more footsteps and looked up to see my father standing at the door. "Dad tell him to get off me! I was getting up I swear!" I pleaded.
He only laughed at me, without a word he left. Eventually I got to the point where I just pushed him off me and pushed him out of my room. "
Stay out of my room you butt!" I yelled as I slammed the door in my brother's face. "Oh come on I was only making sure you were up!" I heard him say from the other side of the door. Then I heard his footsteps begin to get distant. Finally, time to get ready for school.
I begin with a nice hot shower. Not too long, enough to wash my gross hair and get out with enough time left. Next, a change of clothes; obviously I'm not going to start my senior year with some new kids looking like a bum. I put on a casual band t-shirt and a pair of black skinny jeans. Now onto my makeup. Basic black smokey eyeshadow and picture perfect eyeliner topped off with mascara and a little bit of red lipstick to make things pop. Hair time, There isn't much to it, blow dry it, straighten it, flip it, hairspray it, then you're done, well I'm done. Time to take a quick look in the mirror. "Perfect" I say to myself. Off to downstairs where my stupid brother and dad should be.
As I head downstairs I look over to my brother's room. He just so happened to be still getting ready, payback time. As the horrible person I am I banged on his door and yelled "Hurry up Kellin or we will be late!" I heard a shriek of pure terror from the other side of his room. "I'm going to kill you!" He yelled back. I laughed and continued my way downstairs.
I looked over to see my dad watching TV. "Hey dad. You are still up? I expected you to be asleep by now." I stated.
He looked over at me and laughed. "I'm only awake so you and your brother don't try to kill each other." He smiled.
I heard the footsteps of the annoying monster come down the stairs. "Dad she scared me!" He complained. My dad didn't do anything but laugh at him. "What would you like me to do about that?" He questioned. "I don't know! Punish her?" Kellin said whining. "Oh Kells you will be fine." He said. Kellin didn't look too happy to hear that.
"Come on Kell, we have to go." I said. "Or we will be late!" I added. He only glared at me.
We grabbed our backpacks and hugged our father and headed out the door getting into my car. Yes, I drive. "Get in the car loser." I said to Kellin laughing. As he got in I started the car and begun to pull out of the driveway. We are on our way to having the best, or worst day of school. Fun.