
I in the bathroom floor with a cigar and a bottle of Jack Daniels. My brain fuzzy. I rejected my one true happiness. I guess it's what I do. Anything that takes me out of my comfort zone I push away.
It was hard. The pain was unbearable. I felt as if somebody was smashing my small heart with a sharp hammer. The mate bond was gone inside me. I took a long puff from the cigar.
It wasn't like anybody cared. Plus I wasn't planning on living on after high school. Their was nothing. My body felt numb. I was used to the feeling.
"What the hell are you doing here, aren't you supposed to be in school? Or are you gonna quit like you always do and grow away our life. You little slut" Frank yelled.
He smacked me. I covered my face.
"You low life worthless bitch, what try hell, that is my drink" he grabbed the bottle out of my hand.
It was almost gone anyway. I sat there. I didn't feel pain. My whole world crumbles down.
"Get the hell up" he snarled.
He grabbed a fistful of hair and dragged my body out. I let's single tear escape. He threw me on the kitchen ground. I looked at his rugged face and he had lifeless eyes.
He was high. The glossy cover blanketed his eyes. He grabbed a belt and beat me. Every hit was only taking away emotional pain. I can't believe I rejected him. Once he sees how low in life I am. He would want nothing to do with me.
Frank soon got tired and stopped. I laid on the ground. I sighed and my aching body struggled to move. I dragged myself to grab a new hoodie and pants that siding smell like weed.
I was high but not that high. I walked with blasting headphones to the lake. My body was sore and I collapsed. I sat and let tears fall. I didn't sob. They just fell and I stared at the still lake.
I didn't know why I was put like this. But I never questioned myself until now. I sighed a shaky sigh and more tears fell. I got a rock and shifted it around my hand.
Life is a great question. I always wondered what it would be like if I wasn't here. As if Scrooge I waited for the ghost of Christmas pas come strolling in. Sadly it didn't happen.
I wiped away the salty tears and stood up. I decided to wait it out until I came home. I walked around the city or town. People avoiding me like the plague. I was the foster daughter of the towns drunks what do you expect.
I put my hood on my head to block all the side glances that held disgust, pity, concern, hate, and fear. School was out and I needed to get out before Sally came and ruined everything.
I walked to the edge of the forbidden woods. Every since the Animal hunt foundation came certain dark parts of the woods have been cut off. I looked up at the high fence. I shrugged.
I walked back a little bit. I ran and jumped on the fence. My body screamed in pain. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger. right. I placed one foot in a small diamond shape in the fence. I continued to make my way up. When I got to the top I hopped down.
The leaves crunched under my body weight. I stood up and walked further into the woods. The sun was low because it was fall. I walked. Some critters even ran up trees.
I couldn't hear anything except the sooth voice of the singer. I saw something brown run past me. I paused. It was a wolf. I saw it came to a stop right in front if me. I paused and took my headphones off.
We had a staring contest. It wasn't big but it was. I held my hand out and in snarled. Before Frank and Jill took me out I took self defense classes. It was run by a werewolf so they also taught us how to fight in wolf form.