
I opened my eyes with full force and sat up painting. The worst nightmare. I got dizzy from the quick pace movement. I looked around. This wasn't my room. This wasn't the dull brown color with ripped up band posters and this wasn't my crappy bed.
I was in different clothes. I was at the hospital. I stood up and pain shot up to my leg. I grabbed the IV pole for support. I moved slowly to the door. The cold floor made me flinch with my bare feet.
I opened the door only to find two big built men. I saw one of them glance down at me. I tried to live past them but they kept me held in this prison. I was gonna start yelling but Alec walked with a tray of food.
My stomach growled at the sight. I haven't eaten in a while. Longer then usual.
"Why are you up, you should be resting" He asked.
I glared at him. He looked handsome. I shook my head of those thoughts.
"Let me go" I said.
I didn't want to be trapped here. I wanted to go home. I couldn't be held here. my anger flared at Alec.
"You have been unconscious for about three days." he said walking in the room.
He reached out to touch my shoulder. I flinched at the contact. He recoiled so fast. He had worry and concern laced in his eyes.
"Come lay back down you need to rest" he asked.
"No, I'm fine I want to go home" I snarled.
He pinched the bridge of his nose.
"Sit and eat, then you can go home" he said.
I gave him one last glare. The food looked yummy. I sat down and I opened the bag to see some chicken salad. I hated salad.
I eyed the food. I was no longer hungry.
"You don't like it" he asked.
"I hate salad" I spat.
"Well I can ask somebody to bring you something different" he said.
I was to damn prideful to ask for food. I shook my head and sat there. He sighed.
"Tito, bring some French fries and a cheese burger" he told the unmoving guard.
Tito nodded and left. One down one to go. I glanced up at Alec.
"Can I leave now" I asked impatiently.
"Once you have food in your system" he said.
Then the doctor walked in. He had salt and pepper hair. He was stubby but not to bad. He had dark brown eyes.
"Becca, you are a true survivor" he chipped happily.
I gave a small growl. I hated compliments. People only said them to make me feel better. But they only made me feel worse. It was like they were trying to keep me down.
"Cut the crap, tell Alec I am fine, I want to go home" I snapped.
He was about to open his mouth. I knew he was gonna say something about the bruises and scars.
"Never mind, don't say anything. I am leaving" I grumbles and stood up. My leg was wrapped up and that was all I needed.
"Wait, your not ready to leave." he said in worry.
"I never asked for your help, I could have been fine on my own" I snarled at him.
"Becca" Alec called.
I limped to the door. The guard faces me and I growled.