
I then went to the back row and sat on a desk near the window.
I put my bag on top of the desk and look outside not caring if people stare at me.
Hikaru pov~
"Hurry up Kaoru or will be late!!" I yelled in a hurry.
"Wait up Hikaru!!" he yelled.
"Man your slow" I said to myself.
He then caught up and we hurry to class.
As I open the door I saw a new face.
"Could she be a new student" I thought.
"But why is she looking out window instead of talking to anyone" I muttered to myself.
"Hikaru is something wrong?" Kaoru ask.
"It's nothing come on" I said as we went to our sit but I kept staring at the girl who was not wearing the school's uniform.
Ryouko pov~
As I saw two orange redish hair twins I kept staring outside as I noticed that one of the twins kept staring at me until the teacher came.
"Class we have a new today please come up and introduce yourself" he said.
I got up and walk to the front as people were staring at me.
As I made to the front I turn to look at everybody.
"My name is Ryouko Ookami I'm currently 16 years old and if your wondering if I'm a commoner or rich I'm currently rich but I don't wear the school uniform because I already ask permission to the principal" I said.
"Alright does anyone have any questions for Miss Ookami-san" the teacher said.
A boy raise his hand and I pointed at him.
"Are you single?" he asked as he blush.
"Yes" I answer as I was going to glare at him but I look away.
He then talk to his buddies but I ignore on what they were whispering about.
A girl raise her hand I pointed at her.
"Why don't you like to wear the uniform?" she ask.
"It's girly and I don't like girly stuff" I answer.
"Alright you may sit back down Miss Ookami-san" the teacher said.
I nodded and walk to the back and sat down as I could tell the red heads were staring at me but I look out the window.
Time skip~
Classes were and I got up and took my bag and walk towards the door only to be stop by the red head twins.
"Hi I'm Hikaru" the right twin said.
"And I'm Kaoru" the left twin said.
"And we're the Hitachiin twins" they said together.
I ignore them and walk past them and walk down the halls.
"Hey!!" they both yelled.
I just kept ignoring them until I was outside.
As I saw my Butler and he saw me I then noticed I was grab and was taking away but I black out.
Kaoru pov~
The girl name Ryouko kept ignoring us as I noticed she was looking at a butler and he look back and it was our chance to grab and take her to the Host Club.