
"Clary Fray," I say taking his hand firmly. It feels like there's a bit of a spark when we touch but I brush it off.
"So what brings you to Alicante High Red?" Jace asks still smirking.
I roll my eyes at the nickname and look up to look him in the eye. "My dad and I just moved back here. We used to live in Brooklyn six years ago but moved after my parents divorced."
"Where did you move to?" Jace asks seeming amused by my confidence in telling him this.
"All over. LA, Pittsburgh, Milwaukee, St Augustine, Seattle."
"So I take it your dad's not a fan of staying in one place. That or he just knew one day you'd find your way directly to me," Jace says smirking confidently. I'm about to retort that I'm the reason we kept moving and that he was being an ass, but he gets a call. "Wait here." Fat chance. I may have given Jace a chance had he not come off of a total player. What other guy would be interested in me like that.
Once he's turned around and on the phone, I start walking to the art room. I lose sight of Blondie in the crowd and silently give thanks. I'm usually not quick to judge, but he seems like a total asshole.
When I get to the classroom I take a seat in the back. I may love art, but not so much where I want to sit in the front. I'm sketching when someone takes a seat next to me.
I look over and see a gorgeous girl with long black hair and black eyes. She smiles at me a little. "Hi, I'm Isabelle Lightwood, but everyone calls me Izzy. You are?"
"Clary Fray." I smile back and go back to detailing the drawing. It's a picture of an angel that looks like me holding herself as blood runs down her arms. Her wings are still flawless as they curl around her.
Izzy looks over and her eyes grow wide. "Woah! You're really good!"
"Thanks." I smile at her and close my sketchbook as class starts.
A middle aged man stands at the front of the classroom about to start talking when none other than Goldilox runs in. Oh great. "Mr. Herondale. Would you like to tell me why you're late?"
Goldilox just smirks and says, "Oh you know Mr. Hawkins. Just searching for a hot girl." He glances at me and smirks as Mr. Hawkins rubs his temples. I roll my eyes quickly.
"Just take a seat Jace." Jace takes a seat at the table next to mine and Mr. Hawkins continues, "Now we have a new student, Clarissa Fray."
He motions to me and I correct him. "It's just Clary, actually."
"Right, Clary then. Today you're all gonna draw something that makes you who you are today. You have the entire class period. Start now," he states and sits down at his desk after handing out the paper.
I start drawing an old family photo from before the divorce. My mom and Jonathan stand on one side and Dad and I stand on the other. The picture looks torn and tattered and has a large rip down the middle separating Jon and me. The faces of Jon and my mother are blurred showing how I haven't seen them in a while.
I start to get hot so I take off my jacket and suddenly everyone is looking at me. Probably because of my self harm scars. Most of them are pale and old, but there are still some light pink ones. People start to mutter and look at me. A blond girl goes up to Mr. Hawkins and he nods in understanding to whatever she said.
"Miss Fray, will you cover up your arms? It's distracting to the other students," Mr. Hawkins says eyeing my scars.
"I would sir, but I'd rather not get heat stroke." I see Goldilox trying to hold back laughter out of the corner of my eye.