
Jack slammed his face against the wall, and Carmine said "Um...I...Jack? You're gonna hurt yourself. Stop that."
Darren said "Carmine, he's got to stay with Yoko. ALONE. For who knows how long. ALONE. With Yoko, AL__"
She sighed "Darren, we get it-ALONE.- but still, Jack, what are you going to do?"
"Go home, for one thing."
They were confused and Carmine said "Home? But I thought you hated her"
"I do. But what else am I going to do?"
They were quiet, and Carmine said "Well good luck" he said "Thanks Carmine" they kissed and Darren said "See you guys tomorrow."
Jack went in the apartment, and Yoko was there. She was mad, he knew it, and didn't want to take shit from her so he went to his room.
He laid on his bed, his mind wanering away about everything.
"Shit, what if dad comes home in a week? A week with Yoko? Hell no....A day, maybe a day or two? No, I know dad. He'll be gone a month...maybe. What do I do in that time? Get it together Jack! It's summer! I don't have to be home all the time!"
Jack got up and sat at his desk, and started to draw. He started to draw a portrait of Carmine, but soon after, his chest hurt again.
His fist tightened as he tried to cope with the pain as he slammed his fist on the desk. It went away, and he sighed in relief.
Jack looked through a folder of drawings in his desk, all were very beautiful. Paul, Ringo, George, Cynthia, Finn and Claudia always encouraged him to keep drawing, to be an artist when he grew up. Brian believed in him the most, but he was gone.
But John and Yoko on the other hand never told him that. They, and many others used to say he could never be a great artist.
Jack didn't care. He kept drawing anyway and at the end, it looked exactly like Carmine.
"Hm, she said she loved me, and I love her. We're not a couple yet, but this might make her answer a yes..tomorrow. I'll aske her tomorrow"
Jack sighed as he looked out the window "I'll show the world one day. I'll show them. They won't know what happened, I'll be my own person, not just John Lennon's son. I'll be Jack Lennon Crusoe, known for myself, not for my dad."
He put the folder back to where it was hidden. All his talent still hidden from the world, just like Jack was.