
I walked along the locker abiding the crowded hallways. Headphones on blasting music. I lingered by my locker waiting for the couple to move. I needed my history books.
When they finally moved I opened my locker and a ton of papers fell out. I sighed while in the corner of my eye I saw Sally laughing and pointing with her boyfriend.
I picked up the papers and put them in the recycling bin. I grabbed my roughed up history book. Students from te last couple years had made their mark. Drawling and names, dates, couple etc.
The cover with president Washington and the constitution was the cover. Somebody decided to put a unibrow on George. I slowly walked to my history class. I placed my head phones around my neck and sat in the back of the class.
"Hey Becca, did you do your homework" Henry asked once again.
He was your typical jock. Always wearing his letterman jacket and blonde hair with blue eyes. Handsome and werewolf.
I chose to ignore him as I pulled out my pencil. My brown hair fell I from of my face.
"What a freak" I heard somebody whisper.
I ignored the overly used insult. I mean yes I was a loner. I preferred isolation rather than a wild party with sweaty horny teenagers. Apparently this made me in a class called a freak.
I guess the world has come to a place where if you don't party hard and wear slutty clothes your a freak.
I fit perfectly in that class. I always wore grey or black clothes. Combat boots or converse. Not anything special. I wasn't a nerd. I didn't study that much. My grades were ok. I just passed my test luckily. Not like I had anybody to impress.
I saw the teacher put in our assignment. She must have a hangover. She never just puts us to a lesson. She always interacts. I opened up my book and put my head phones on.
I saw Sally bump my book to the ground with her hip. She snickered and I just gave her a dry look. I picked up my book once more.
Most of the kids at my school are werewolf. Including myself. Well I think. I haven't even heard of a late wolf. I was one. Most people got there wolf and shifted right after puberty.
I on the other hand did not. I couldn't communicate with my pack except from phone. I didn't have anybody's number from my school. So that excluded me.
I finished my work with little distraction. Sally and Henry calling me names but other than that I was ok. It wasn't like I haven't gotten used to it.
It was Friday so that ment the weekend. I didn't look forward to it. I would most likely spend it alone as always. Frank as Jill would be out drinking or hitting a blunt. Coming home to insult me some more.
I didn't care though. I heard the bell ring and I grabbed my stuff. I placed it into my bag and walked out.
"Hey freak we is mommy and daddy, put hitting a joint" Sally laughed.
My anger boiled. I wanted to respond but knew that it would lead to her fighting me and I would have hell to pay.
I just turned my music up louder and somebody shoved me into a locker. I hit my head and groaned. My head phones fell off.
"Watch it freak" Billy growled.
He was one of Sallies many minions. She was perfect. Blonde hair blue eyes fit body. Head Cheerleader. Take a wild guess her and Henry were mates. They were the it couple at school.
So they had followers. Henry was te next in line beta for our pack. She was a omega. It was rare for a pack member to find their mate inside their pack but they did. She was one of them. It made people believe she was some goddess.