
Gia as RihannaRose as YouMichael as Himself (hood/gangster) Raheem as Khalil Kain from Movie (Juice 1992)Chance as Omar Epps (Juice 1992)Marco (August Alsina)
"What do you mean he's cute?! Kevin Durant ain't got nothing on my man Klay Thompson." I said talking to my best friend Gia.
"Girl Klay Thompson has raper face and looks like it hurts to smile."
"Girl Kevin Durant looks like a Carolina River Cricket!"
"Hahaha girl Klay look like he only eat booty fresh out the tub!"
"Kevin Durant looks like he still got a bed time and go over his mama house every Sunday for dinner and asks her to wash his clothes."
"Whatever bih! I'll talk to you later my mama trippin'." Gia said.
"Aye that party tonight is the move bih. You coming?"
"Hell yeah I'm coming! And don't come if you ain't shakin that ass Rose." Gia said making me laugh.
"Bye bih." I say hanging up.
I walked downstairs to see my brother and his friend Michael talking. "Aye Rose come er." Raheem said.
""What?" I said opening a can of Sprite.
"Michael gon live here for a while. His moms kicked him out for having a honey in his bed."
"Don't go telling my business G." Michael said.
"He's living WHERE?!" I said almost dropping my soda.
"Here." Raheem said lighting a cigarette.
"Ight bet. But if he living here he gotta know some stuff." I said looking at Michael fine ass.
"Don't come in my room without making yourself known. So I suggest you knock before entering. 2: Don't eat any of my food that has my name on it including my strawberry soda. 3: Use my brothers body wash not my Dove body wash." I said.
"You got it baby." Michael said.
"It's Rose." I said walking away.
*****
For the party I put on some khaki cargos, a black midriff, my gold chain, and some white timberlands. Then I straightened my hair.
When I walked downstairs my brother had his boys over. "Damn baby what's up?" Chance said.
"That's my sister nigga." Raheem said slapping Chance in the back of his head.
"where you going dressed like that?" Raheem said standing up looking at my outfit.
"To Marco's party." Michael said coming downstairs with come black Tims a white polo shirt and some khaki's. Damn he fine.
"Aye don't let no one mess wit her Mike." Raheem said.
"I gotchu G."
I grab my keys and Michael stops my hand.
"Let's go in my car."
We walk outside and I see a black Dodge Challenger. My mouth drops a little.
*****
When we arrive at the party Gia black ass already twerking. I shook my head. Michael laughed and grabbed my waist. I slapped his hands. And mean mugged him. He fine but he gotta at least take me to eat first shit.
Marco came up to me.
"Damn Ma you look sexy." He said licking his lips.