
Disclaimer: I do not own any of the TMI characters.
Beep! Beep! Beep!
"Ugh!" I groan as the alarm clock breaks through the serenity of my subconscious. Seriously, this is my tenth new school in six years, can't I sleep in for once on the first day?
Or at least let me get rid of my hangover.
I'm about to fall back asleep when my dad yells, " Clarissa! If you fall back asleep I'll ground your sorry ass for a week."
I groan and pull myself out of bed yelling back, "Fine! I'm up!" I trudge over to my bathroom and start the water. I start to strip down and groan at the sight of a hickey on my neck. Damnit! When the fuck did that happen last night!? Even more important, who the hell gave it to me?
I decide to worry about that later and get in the shower. Once I'm out, I dry off a little and run a brush through my red mane of curls.
I go into my room and check the time. 7:24. I lazily throw on black high-waisted jean shorts, and a maroon crop top with silver studs on it. The hickey is still visible so I go into the bathroom and cover it up with makeup. I do the rest of my makeup then pull some Vans and a leather jacket on and check the time again. 7:46.
I grab my backpack, keys, and helmet then run to the front door. "Bye Dad!" I yell as I close the door. I throw my helmet on and and get on my bike.
The bike was a birthday present from my dad. I love the feeling of freedom that comes with it. It's the one thing that made me feel truly happy. After my parents got divorced when I was ten and my dad moved away with me as soon as he won custody, the happy kid I was just started slipping away. I wonder if my mom and brother still live in Brooklyn? Not that I'd ever really want to see her again. She had her chance to reach out to me when I was younger and she didn't. Some mom eh?
I pull into the school parking lot and every single head turns towards me. Some guys yell, "Nice ride!" as I ride past. Some girls are surprised it's a girl riding it. As soon as I stop I hop off the bike and take off my helmet, shaking out my now air dried curls.
A few guys let out some wolf whistles and I roll my eyes. I start walking towards the building and this guy with dark brown hair and dark eyes comes in front of me. "Hey baby. Why don't you give me a ride sometime," he says with a smirk.
I roll my eyes and reply, "Right after you drop dead asshole." I start to push past and he grabs my arms and leans closer to my ear.
"You sure you don't want to go somewhere private?" he whispers seductively into my ear.
I turn my head and whisper back, "Sure. Why don't we go somewhere and you can," I raise my voice and almost yell right in his ear, "piss off you perve!"
He winces a little and I march towards the school building ignoring the cheering at my remark from a group of boys in football jerseys. I got my schedule through email so I already know to head to art aka my favorite subject.
I make a quick stop at my locker then head to the art room. I'm not paying attention and bump into someone. I would have fallen on my ass if a pair of strong arms hadn't caught me. When I look up, all I see is gold.
Golden eyes, golden blond hair, golden tan skin. He smirks a little and says very smugly, "I would say this is odd, but I'm used to girls swooning over me."
I roll my eyes. "I'm sure you are Goldilox. Now can I get up?"
Goldilox helps me stand straight up then holds out his hand. "I'm Jace. Jace Herondale."