
"Move" I said lowly.
"Alphas orders you must stay and get the proper care" he said
"Move or I'll shove the IV pole up your ass" I said.
He didn't budge. He asked for it. I grabbed the IV pole and smacked him hard with it. It was quickly. I limped out of the room. Nurses running around and sick old people walking around.
I limped to the door. The second guard walked in with the food. I tried to cover my face. He grabbed my roughly but carful. I was placed back into the bed. I cursed and spat profanities at them.
"Eat" Alec used his Alpha tone.
I really needed food. I grabbed the burger and almost moaned when I took a bite. It was heavenly. I ate slowly but soon all the food was gone.
I glared at Alec. He seemed satisfied I was eating.
"Now let me go" I snapped.
"No, I have some questions" he said.
I rolled my eyes.
"Why when we cleaned you up you had a massive amount of drugs and alcohol I your body" he demanded.
I remembered everything. The wolf, the rejection, the pain. My anger fell and was replaced with sadness. I couldn't talk. I was deep in my own thoughts. It was because of you.
"Well" he asked in a softer tone.
I didn't know how to answer him.I had to drop the anger act.
"Can I just please leave" I asked in a small voice.
"Becca" he said. I shivered. It rolled off his tongue.
"Please" I gave a small whimper.
He nodded and before I knew it I was in new clothes and infront of my door. Frank and Jill would be waiting. Three days. They hoped I was dead.
I walked inside and I smelt marijuana. Atleast they were high. I limped to my room. I saw my crappy bed once more and fell asleep.
I woke up with a sharp pain in my check.
"Get up whore, you have school" Jill snapped.
I did. A cold shower to help me wash off the smell. I sighed. My depression was back. It hit me like a freak train. I changed my clothes. Alec had my phone and headphones. It was fully charged. I placed them over my ears and music played.
The walk to school was painful. My leg hurt. My knuckles still had some scratches from when I punched the locker. I wasn't full werewolf so I didn't heal fast like them. I managed to get to my locker with minimal damage.
I saw Sally about to come up but her eyes traveled down to myWrapped up leg. She backed up and walked away like she didn't see me.
I sat all through my classes. Nobody besides Sally and her posse noticed I was gone. I was ok with that. I grabbed my missing work and during lunch headed to the library. It was quiet so I did my work there. I sighed once again. I had just gotten done and I rubbed my eyes.
I just wanted to leave. I saw Alec walk into the library. His eyes searches for me. I looked down before he could spot me. I felt him sit next to him.
"What" I asked.
"I just want to see how you were doing" he asked.
"No why are you still around me, I rejected you because I don't want you" I spoke. Lie.