
She was really the devil in fancy designer clothes and high heels. She came from a money family. Most people in our pack did. They all had money parents. While I being the lowest of low had foster parents and no money.
I had human parents. They don't know about werewolves. I wish they did so they could treat me with respect. But sadly. I live with low life humans.
The rest of the morning went by quickly. It was soon lunch time. I sat by my tree. The loner tree. It wasn't with all the the trees in the court. It was in the back. I sat their and music played through my head phones as it always did. I set my head back and closed my eyes.
A rough shove made me jump and open my eyes. I saw Sally and her posse.
Her mouth started moving and she glared at me. I didn't care and just nodded at what she said. She grabbed my head phone and that crossed the line. I grabbed her wrist quickly and roughly shoved her back. I stood up and I was about 4 inches taller.
"Don't ever touch me." I growled at her.
She just huffed and smirked.
"What are you gonna do about it" she challenged.
I wasn't really a violent person. I did what I have to do. Mess with me, you can bet your ass is gonna get kicked.
I tried to calm my breathing.
"HUh, are your gonna cry to mommy and daddy, oh wait they got wasted" she laughed.
We had a crowd.
"Shut your face Sally." I snarled.
"Can't do anything can ya, your just a weak useless dirt bag" she said.
My fist were white. I had to keep my temper in check. I promised. I made a promise to my dying mother that I would keep my anger. In check as long as nobody was physically hurting me.
I just grabbed my stuff and shoved past her go the locker rooms. I dropped my clothes and tears pricked my eyes. How dare she? That's my parents she was taking about.
I let out a cry and my fist came connected with the locker. There was a dent in the locker now. My fist were all bloody. I let out heavy breaths. Why?
I washed off my knuckles and wrapped it up. I had a first aid kit in my backpack.
I put my headphones on one more time and played music. I walked to my next class with was P.E. I was already in the locker room and the bell rang and girls piled in. I changed put headphones in.
I ran laps. The P.E teacher gave up hope on me participating with the class so she made me run laps instead. Just to keep my heart pumping. I saw the girls playing volleyball and I kept jogging.
When school ended I was the last to go. I was in the library. I walked slowly out to the deserted hallways and ran my fingers along the yellow and black lockers. Some had scratches with names and insults but I didn't care.
I walked home and they weren't home. I grabbed my bottle of Jack Daniels and a cigar. I put them into my back pack. The rest of the pack were a couple of miles away from my house so I could walk without being disturbed.
I came across my spot. The cleaning in the forest it had asmall lake with a distant water fall. I sat on my log. I spent some time here and made it into a chair. I lit my cigar and took a puff. My brain was telling me no, but it was my freedom. I opened the bottle and lauded on ground. I took a small sip.