
I needed him so much. But once he found out about me he wouldn't need me. He wouldn't want me. Just the thought made me flinch in pain. I was already broken.
"I want you to give me a chance." he begged.
But you won't want me. A chance would hurt us both.
"No" I said. I deeply regretted it.
"Friends then, can we be friends" he asked.
I gave a dark laugh.
"Your 10 years older than me and your own a multi million dollar company plus your a Alpha if the greatest pack, why would you want me, out of all people to be your friend" I said smartly.
"Why do you choose to be alone" he asked.
I looked down.
"Because I like the feeling of not having to depend on anybody because I know that they would leave. Even in the dark your shadow leaves" I snapped and grabbed my stuff and walked out.
I felt really bad. All I wanted to do was cry in his arms and have him tell me that it was all going to be ok. I walked to class a little earlier and sat down. My leg was throbbing slightly. I let out a small hiss.
"Becca, how nice to see you today." My math teacher Mr.Post smiled.
I never really knew the guy. He was weird.
"Yeah sure" I mumbled.
"What happened to your leg" he asked. He was getting closer to my desk.
"Nothing" I said.
"It's all wrapped up, you can't just say nothing" he pushed.
"Why don't you go back to doing your math and leave me alone" I snapped.
He looked appealed.
"I will not tolerate that attitude, office now" he said.
I grumbled colorful words and limped to the office. When I got there my leg was just pounding. I say down and flinched when I felt something break. My stitches. I groaned.
"Becca, are you ok?" Mrs. Reed asked.
"I'm fine" I said.
She looked unsure. I gave her a small glare and she looked down. I could restitch myself. I've done it plenty of times.
"Becca come to my office" Principle Perry said.
I stood up slowly and hopped over there with one leg. I saw in a chair across from his desk.
He sat down. His suit was newly pressed.
"Mr. Post sent me a email saying you had some attitude." he said.
"And" I snapped. My leg was killing me.
I don't usually snap at teachers but the pain was unbearable.
"Don't take that tone with me" he scowled.
"Sorry" I mumbled.
"What's been going on lately. You punched a locker didn't show up to school for three days and your getting snappy" he asked.
They all do this. Pull the 'you haven't been your self, what pathetic thing do you need to complain about to me so I can pretend to make it better' card.
"I was out because I was sick, you lucky I punched a locker rather than Sally's face and he was being nosy" I said.
He nodded. He stared at me for quiet some time.