
But I also noticed she black out.
Time skip~
As we made it to music room 3#, we lay her down on the couch and waited for her to wake up.
"Hikaru, Kaoru what are you two doing!?" our boss Tamaki yelled and asked.
"And who is this lovely young lady? he said as he saw Ryouko.
"Boss we were trying to get this girl to come to the club but she ignored us so we captured her" Hikaru said calmly.
"I see but you didn't have to make her faint!!" he yelled.
"She didn't faint she black out" Hikaru said.
I saw Kyoya looking at the girl and back at us.
"Her name is Ryouko Ookami she is a 1st year and just transfer to Ouran her family is unknown but she very well rich. She hates to wear the girls uniform so she ask the Chairmen about it. She very well skill in fighting and she sometimes like to sing, draw, play instruments, cook sometimes with her maids, but she mostly reads books" he said while pushing up his glasses.
"Stalker" I thought.
"Wow how do you know that Kyoya-chan?" Honey-sempi ask.
"I have my reasons" he said.
"Hmph" Mori-sempai just said
I noticed her moving and I saw she was waking up.
"Um boss I think she waking up" I said.
They all turned and look at her to see she was waking up.
Tamaki pov~
As we were talking about the girl she look peaceful while sleeping.
"But she was indeed beautiful" I thought as I kept looking at her see she was waking up.
Ryouko pov~
I heard noises and I open my eyes to see I was sleeping on a couch.
"Where am I" I thought.
"Ah I see your awake how are you feeling?" someone asked.
I look at the person to see it was a he and he was blonde and had violet eyes.
"Where am I?" I asked.
"Well you see my dear your in our Club room and I'am Tamaki Suoh princess" he said taking my hand and he was about to kiss it until I punch him.
"Mommy she so violent" he cried to the one with glasses.
I glare at him and he was shaking in fear.
"Tch I'm leaving" I said grabing my bag.
"Oh no your not" I noticed the twins here.
"Touch me and your dead" I said to them.
Something then jump on my back and I saw a little blonde kid.
"Ryou-chan will like to eat some cake with me" he said smiling.
"Ringo" I thought as the kid reminding me of her I then shook and focus.
"I don't care for sweets" I lied coldly.
"Oh" he said saddly as he got off.
"Anyways who are you people and why did you bring me here!!" I yelled as I glare.
"Allow me Milady" the one in glasses said.