
Well the weekend went with minimal harm. Frank and Jill were either to high or to drunk to do any real damage. I did have a couple of bruises and some burn marks. I was Franks personal ash tray.
I had on some grey skinny jeans and a fall out boy tee shirt with some scuffed up converses. I had my grey and red beats around my head on my ears. My brown hair was up in a messy pony tail. My hair was pretty long. close to my waist.
I had dull grey eyes and I had some curves. I ran a lot so my calves were defined. I had some big breast but Jill hated that they were bigger then hers so she made me wrap them up to make them smaller.
I guess I was ok. I wasn't all that short.Sally was. Thats Why she always wore heels. I was not that tall either. Maybe a good 5'9. I always had temper. My dad loved it. My mother on the other hand didn't.
That's why I promised her to keep it in check. I wanted to cry at the memory. I shook my head it was to painful to talk about. I saw the parking lot to the school. Kids were talking and exiting their car.
I managed to get to first period.
"Ok today a very high leader from another state is speaking to us. He will have a assembly later in third period." Our teacher said.
With all the humans in another room she didn't want to say a alpha or future alpha from another pack is coming. I sighed. I most likely was gonna stay in the track. I would be unwelcome.
When third period rolled around kids were bustling with excitement. From the gossips I head it was the Alpha of the Dark moon pack. He was "hot" according to Jessica.
When we walked into our class the teacher had us walk to the gym. I was in the back. I was forced to take my headphones off. TheTeacher didn't really care in class because they knew they couldn't do anything.
But for this to show respect. I had to. I leaned against the wall behind the first couple seats. I watched as the staff stood around and some guards by the doors. Then the most amazing small ever hit my nose like a train.
It was wood like but had some jungle. I tried to stay calm. I saw the most handsome person walk up to the microphone. I almost drooled at him.
He had black hair and was big built. He was wearing a newly pressed suit. I gaped at him. I head some girls giggle. I gave a small growl.
"Hello students of Bonanza high. I am Alec Winter, I am a the founder of the Animal hunt foundation. As you well know these past few years has been the most successful at wolf attacks. The rate went down to only 12%." his voice boomed.
I felt a tingling sensation.My body was all warm and fuzzy. I shook my head and ignored it. He was basically saying he got rid of a lot of rouges. There were humans in the room.
He went on about is taking percussions about being alone. They were most likely about to attack at night so always have a partner. I rolled my eyes. I couldn't help but stare at his newly turned ass. I bit my lip and shook my head of all naughty thoughts.
"And I will be spending a few more days here in the city and I will have guards around the school because this is surrounded by the woods, though the wolfs are not known to attack at day we must take no risks" he said.
I groaned.
A couple of girls asked questions only to bit their lip and twirl their hair on their finger. I had a sudden urge to punch them in their face. What is wrong with me?
After a few unnecessary questions we headed back to our fourth period class. I lingered behind. My head bobbing slowly to the music.