
"Becca, are- doing things happen at your house?" He asked slowly.
"No" I said
He gave me a look of disbelieve.
"Becca, if Frank and Jill are hurting you, you can come to the Alpha, he will help you out" he said.
"Nothing is happening ok, why the hell is everybody so damn nosey all te sudden." I said.
Alec, Mr.Post, Mrs.Reed, and now Mr.Perry.
"Ok, but I expect you to keep that attitude in check and why did you want to punch Sally?" He asked.
"Why don't I "I laughed darkly.
"Ok, you may go." he said.
I stood up and he had worry on his face.
"Your leg, its bleeding" he said panicked.
I looked down. A blood stain on my jeans. Just great.
"Bring the nurse" he called into his phone.
"Dont, I'm fine I can do this in my own" I said.
He growled and pushed my down in a chair. The school nurse came running in. With one glance at my leg she instructed I take off my pants. I gave her a WTF look.
I had boxers on so no shame.
"Stop being so prideful and let us help you" she yelled.
I took off my pants and I saw the claw marks had been bleeding and the stitches were torn apart.
"Call the ambulance, she is loosing a lot of blood" the nurse said putting something in my leg spouting pressure.
"I feel fine" I said once again.
"How much blood do you think had been lost" Mr.Perry asked.
"A couple of ounces maybe pints" she said.
Alec came busting through the door.
"Oh lord" I grumbled and pinched the bridge of my nose.
"What happened" he growled.
"She tore stitches and had lots of blood loss" the nurse said.
The ambulance came and I growled at them. They stitched up my leg and wrapped it up one more time. Everybody was gone within a couple hours and principle Perry's office smelt like a hospital.
"Are we done now" I snapped.
"Alec give her a ride home" Perry ordered.
Alec picked me up bridal style. I growled at him. He sent me a glare that shut me up.
When we got in his fancy car he drove fast.
"How could you be so stupid" he yelled.
What the hell?!
"What are you talking about" I yelled back.
"Your pride got in the damn way and now look you almost died" he yelled.
"I did not almost die, ok and it wasn't my fucking fault my stitches broke," I yelled.
He growled and I didn't give him time and I stormed with a limp off to my house. I opened the door. Nobody was home. I went to my bed room and punched the wall.
It was always my fault. I rejected him, I can't do anything right. I slid down the wall and cried. What was wrong with me?