
I walk out of my house with all my luggage. My mom help me with my bags and helps me put them in the trunk of the limo. I tell my parents goodbye and I hug them. Maybe you'll actually find love my mom said before I got into the limo. But it's ok if you don't, but good luck my dad said. My mom nudges him with her elbow. I giggled and the limo pulled away.
It took a few hours to get to the mansion. I guess I fell asleep because when we finally arrived the driver was shaking me to wake me up. I got out of the car and went to go unpack my stuff. I had to rush because the boys were gonna be here in a hour and I still had to go to the dressing room to get my makeup and hair done and get dressed.
When I finished I had 50 minutes left to just enjoy myself in the dressing room. I was walked to the dressing room by camera's and security. It made me feel uncomfortable, only because I wasn't the type to have all the attention on me.
After a few minutes I finally walked into the dressing room. Hi you must me Lily said a voice. Hello I said. Then she walked out from the closet. Hi Lily I'm Lou. The boys requested that they have me do everything. Oh um... Ok hi I said.
Here sit here no rush but we don't have much time till the boys come. I sat down as she said. Lou than did my hair. She washed it, then she blow dried it and curled it. She also highlighted it a bit. Afterwards I got to look and my hair was gorgeous!
Thank you I said. No need to thank me she said. Lou then did my makeup. It took her about 10 minutes to do that. Hey Lou 15 minutes till show a guy said. Ok she'll be ready by then. I knew I could always count on you sweetie. Lou smiles. Oh hi you must be Lily he said. Oh hi and you are? Oh yeah I'm Derek, the host, the guy every Bachlorette wants. I remained silent, he then walked out.
Lou laughed. What's so funny? I laughed. Derek so likes you. Anyways he only chooses the Bachlorette's he finds attractive. Just stay away from him maybe. He plays with all the Bachlorette's hearts. Except he treats you differently. Lou then checks her clock. Oh god we have 8 minutes left. You need to get dressed. I don't even know what to wear I cried.
Don't worry sweetie I already have something picked out. Something sexy but sweet. It was a sparkly sea green tight dress it went mid thigh. It was not to long but not short, just the way I like it. It's time Lily you should hurry. Thanks Lou! It means a lot. Hey just watch yourself she says.
I really took what she last said to thought.
I walked out of the dressing room and Derek swooped by me and took me to the front of the mansion. Than 5 limos pulled up. Derek spoke into a walks talky.
-10 minutes to show time guys. Leave them in and I will tell you when to let each one out at a time.-
Than someone answered back
-Roger that-
Ok Lily 10 minutes till show and you already look amazing. Don't worry just be yourself and be calm. Try making a connection with each of them. This season we wanted to change it up a bit. Having so many guys is a good option but overwhelming. So now we only have 5 guys. They will introduce themselves to you when you get out. You will also go on group dates and single dates. But you will give the ones you want to keep roses.
Ok time for show yelled Derek.
5....4........3.......2.......1......
Action!
Then all the cameras were on me and Louis Tomlinson walks out of the car. Louis? Louis Tomlinson! I thought to myself. I was literally screaming inside of me. I am so full of happiness just seeing him.
Hello beautiful, I am Louis Tomlinson and you are? Lily. Lily Smith. Well it's truly amazing to meet someone so beautiful as you. Louis then kisses me on the cheek and walks to where he was suppose to go.