
I believe this is our first meeting." The man answered.
Then, how do they know my name?
"Please dont feel intimidated. We're Johannes and Clara Smith. Hill Smith to be exact. And this is our daughter Yggdrasil"
I sat next to the  child and lightly let out my index finger. The child named Yggdrasil suddenly woke up and held my finger into her small hands.
"Oh my. I thought she wasnt good with strangers, right honey?" she asks Mr. Johannes with a happy expression and he answers back with a nod.
They say this but she was perfectly fine with me.
"Yggdrasil, what a beautiful name. The name of the Norse goddess of life. It fits her perfectly." I stared at her.
I then looked up at the couple and said "Hill Smith? So a relative of Lizabeth and Henry? But I havent seen you all these years." I stood up and faced them.
"Weve been traveling all over the world these past 4 years so we havent had the chance to attend. And arent you a relative as well?" Johannes said.
I shook my head at them "Im adopted. I'm not a real Hill"
"Don't say that. Everyone considers you a Hill, dont they?" she convinced.
"I guess. By name and I am on the family register. But by blood, not one bit...." My eyes fell to the floor and a strained smile was on my face.
"Well, then I'll see you later." I scurried away from them. I felt their pitied gaze on my back. So I hurried to find my room.
Turning left by the end of the hall I saw a dead end and then a door with a metalic plate hunged on it. "Le numéro Sept, Nummer sieben. French and german. Its a good thing I listened to my language classes all these years"
*note in both languages it means no.7*
I smile a bit, and held the handle then thought for some moments.
"Shoot! I forgot to get the keys from Lizabeth"
I turned the door knob just in case and it opened. Surprised, I peeked inside, slowly opening the door. It was dim and the curtains were closed. I searched for the light switch. I felt my way through the room. When I found it, I turned it on but the bulb wouldnt turn up. I turned the switch over and over in prayer that it would light up. But alas, it just wouldnt do what it should.
I then opened my phone and used it as a torch. Since Im here I'll atleast look if all my things are complete. But, as I searched there was no sign of my luggage at all. I hurriedly ran through the hall to the lobby to find either Lizabeth or Henry.
When I got to the lobby, I saw Henry's head poking out of the crowd.
"Thank God Henry's one tall guy" I squeezed through the sea of people and reached for Henry's shoulder. I tapped him and he jumped in surprise.
"It's just me, Sophia." He ruffled my hair with big warm hands and I unconciously closed my eyes to the sensation.
"What is it? Is something the matter Sophia?" I opened up my eyes and stopped his hand from ruining my hair any further.
"I - my things are gone! Everything. My luggage wasnt in my room and it was already open before I even came in."
"How could that be? We placed it in your room ourselves and I even doubled cheked that it was locked" He looked at the direction where Lizabeth was.