
No! It cant be! The room, is gone! Just how is that possible?
"See, Ms. Sophia. The only room here is that of the Smith couple." The manager deepened with a subjected face. And I grit my teeth in response.
The room was gone. The only thing left was a wall with a painting of a dark forest hung on it. I was struck with shock. It really was gone! I banged my hand as hard as I could., trying to push the wall if it were even possible.
"I know what I saw! There was a room!!"
"Stop it already Sophia. Its as clear as daylight that there is no other room here." Lizabeth tried to hold me back. She held my arms together and faced me, staring straight into my eyes.
The people around me think I'm crazy. But I know what I saw. I know where I've been.
"No! There was even a metal plate on the door! Written on it was "Le Numéro Sept and Nummer Sieben! The number "seven!"" I shouted to them. "Lizabeth didnt you say that my room was room no. seven?!" I added as I stared back at Lizabeth.
I placed my gaze at them, hoping that at least one of them would believe me.
The managers face then turned pale at my statement, he looked as if he'd seen a ghost.
"You know something, dont you?" I interrogated.
"Tha-that's...."
"What is it? Just spit it out!" Im being made a fool here and whatever he says may help me or just get me in more trouble.
"The past owner of the inn... He was an old frenchman and his wife was german. And all the plates were formally in both french and german like what you said. But we've changed all the metal plates on the doors with just plain numbers." The manager explained with a slightly scared expression.
"See! Its not like I know the history of this freaking place! So now do you believe me?"
"But that still doesnt explain the fact that you talk about a room that is nowhere to be found."
"Henry stop negating everything I say! Just which side are you on?!"
"Im not on anyone's side. I just want us to think carefully about the facts."
We were arguing loudly. Almost everyone who was staying in the inn knew of our dilemma. Lizabeth was calming us down and the manager was trying to stop the others from making a fuss.
But there was one person who seemed to have bit her tongue during our whole conversation. The organizer.
I turned to her who was just in the corner, watching us. "You..... know something as well, dont you?" I slowly said with locked gaze at her figure.
I fixed my eyes on her and gripped my hand as if to prepare myself, prepare myself for the story that will change the whole course of the life I've known.