
This is episode 15, what would happen if the vase did actually hit kaoru?
Kaoru leaned against the railing, looking at the wispy clouds in the sky, they we so free, it was so mesmerising. Suddenly he head a piano begin to play, he looked through a window to see tamaki playing the piano ever so fluently "so much for me and Hikaru" he muttered to himself. Haruhi walked in with a basket, also enjoying the tune "still think you going to win?" She said, though it sounded a bit smug. "I don't know" kaoru said, as a small smile grew on his lips. Suddenly he spotted two girls on the fifth floor waving at him through the window, he smiled back "kaoru-chan!" One of then shouted while opening the window, pushing a vase off the egde, it was going for Haruhi, he panicked, he had to help her! He ran forward and covered her body with his own, the vase smashed against his back, shattering into a million pieces, he screamed "are you ok!?" The women from the window screamed, "y-ya were alright" he gave the two girls a thumbs up "Thank you" the girl beneath him says, he got off her only to feel sharp pains all over his body. "KAORU!" a voice screamed, as Hikaru ran towards them, not giving a flying fish about Haruhi. "Kaoru! Your hurt! Let me see" Hikaru looked around him to find varies vase pieces inlodged in his back and legs "im fine Hikaru, it's just a......just a-" suddenly kaoru collapsed "KAORU!" He screamed again. Haruhi looked like a fish out of water, she was completely frozen, not sure on what to do, and that pissed Hikaru off (sorry guys I really hate Haruhi) honey and mori came running in cause off the loud crash. "What happened" mori asked, "I-is kaoru-chan hurt?" Honey sempai  said in his innocent voice "Whats going on here, I was playing motzart before I heard a crash" tamaki entered the picture "tamaki, kaoru is injured" kyouya inquired "oh! Is he ok?" Tamaki moved closer. Hikaru quickly lifted up kaoru bridle style, and raced him to the b and b's infirmary.
*15 minutes later*
Hikaru was sitting next kaoru on the infirmary bed clutching his hand "hey... im ok" kaoru said softly to ease his stressed brother "ya.. i know but- god! Don't scare my like that!, I don't know what I'd do if I lost you" he moved closer "but what about Haruhi?". Hikaru snorted "Haruhi is not my twin brother, and anyway we only tease her just to piss tamaki off, you know your my number one" he hugged him "Thank bro" they both shared a hug, but quickly kaoru flinched in pain, they removed all the glass, but the cuts were still very sore "oh- sorry!" "Hey let's sleep in the guest room". Kaoru raised an eyebrow, "but we didn't win yet", Hikaru grinned "can't kick us out if your injured". And they laughed the night away!
Ok sorry if u like Haruhi, but I absolutely hate her! She's too perfect and such a little bitch! So in all my stories im kinda going to be bashing her! Sorry '-.-