
The worst thing that could happen to you was getting sick on the day of your mission, and really you knew your partner for the mission wouldn't be so happy if you'd turn up late or not at all.Yup...your partner was none other then Kanda Yuu.Your crush since you had come into the order.The only people who actually knew of your crush on him was Allen, Lavi and Lenalee...even if Allen didn't approve of it he did still help you out on most things whenever you and Kanda himself would get into arguments. Like comfort you if he indeed noticed that the harsh words did get to you.But you'd always miss the glare that was inflicted towards Allen as Kanda's gaze noticed him hugging you close to the white haired boys chest.Getting up you did your best to seem as if nothing was wrong and had gotten into your black and red uniform then grabbed your innocence, sighing you walked out of your room and down the hall to Komui's office where you found Kanda waiting on you."Ahh (Y/N) Nice of you to join us!" Komui smiled."Um yeah." You nodded your head then sat down once getting a book of an report of the mission."Alright! Now that you two are here we can get on with the mission, now many akuma were said to be spotted in the west area of this village..people have also gone missing once walking into the forest and never returned." Komui explained."Could it be innocence?" You asked."We believe it has some sort of involvement, that is why you and Kanda shall go and check it out if its not then get to the akuma before it levels up and kills more people." Komui replied."Got it" You nodded as the two of you set off.Silence was really all there was as a finder that was gonna be coming with the two of you on the mission pushed the boat away from the order and down the lake. Kanda from time to time would glance at you in the corner of his eye, he couldn't understand why someone like you would get all mushy and gushy towards Allen. He was told by the stupid usagi who noticed one time and was told he was jealous but it couldn't be that.....could it?**Time Skip**The mission was going good so far, but you were getting dizzy and your speed with dogging the akuma's attack was getting slower and slower. Kanda noticed this and just scoffed shaking his head as if he took it like you were getting either pretty much lazy or wasn't interested in being on the mission with him at all.Then again he does get into a lot of arguments with you a lot....so wouldn't that give you a reason to hate him?'Shit...' You thought.Your eyes were getting blurry and suddenly you felt your body tilt to the side and fall over, breathing heavy your cheeks were flushed and you had been sweating a lot. You pushed yourself to much which seemed as if your sickness now turned into a fever."Che! Idiot it's no time to be sleeping around!" Kanda shouted then rushed over to you when the last akuma had been dealt with. Grumbling words under his breath he had rushed to your side and noticed your flushed face, raising an eyebrow he placed his hand on your forehead and cursed. You were sick with the fever for sure."Idiot why the hell come on a mission if your sick!" Kanda yelled at you but never the less picked you up into his arms.Next few things were a bit of a blur as you passed out due to being so tired. About an hour or two later you woke up to feeling a wet towel being pulled off your forehead then replaced with ice cold water, sighing at how great it felt on your head your eyes opened and noticed Kanda there."K-Kanda?" You asked."Idiot if you were sick you could of just said something, you almost ruined the mission with your reckless actions!" He growled arms crossed."Sorry...I wanted to feel as if I was strong....and also be something other then annoying in your eyes....guess you could say I wanted to impress you..." You mumbled."Impress me? Why the hell do that?" Kanda scoffed."Because I like you...." You mumbled then looked away.Kanda froze...you liked him? Wait...what about the moyashi? Didn't you like him since you'd always run over to him for comfort. Then again Kanda wasn't much sure of how or what to say or do when someone came to him crying, he still doesn't know how to.Sighing he cupped your cheek and stroked the skin with his thumb."Going on a mission while being sick wont impress me at all, chibi." He told."Hmm...I noticed..." You sighed then closed your eyes."Just rest....the damn moyashi and usagi will be here soon." Kanda told then leaned back in his chair.Nodding your head you sighed once more then slowly had fallen back asleep, course now secretly Kanda knew that you had been his all this time. So the rabbit had been right huh? He was jealous?Heh well...one things for sure they would be able to get their hands on (Y/N) now since once she gets better he would make sure to have people know just who she belongs to and that she is indeed taken.//Err....Not sure how I like this and if hes sooooo OOC but I hope you all do! I might post another later today but not sure need ideas and hope this is at least like-able...