
Irriem POV
I was betrayed by my girlfriend. Fuck this effin life! I can't help but punch the wall beside me. I'm totally numb 'coz I don't feel any eventhough the blood continue to flow.
Then somebody hold my shoulder. I turn to face her and look if I know her. God! I think I saw a goddess. I hugged her so tight. And I began to feel better. She's a complete stranger. I think she's a schoolmate. I feel comfortable with her.
I went to clinic for some medication. They put bandage on my right hand. But I can't stop thinking about that girl.
I went to my first subject. To the room that I entered a while ago. They already begin discussing. Shit! I'm late.
I enter the room without looking at anybody. But before I reached a chair, somebody speak, she must be the professor, I sense that she's a girl from her voice, but its sounds familiar.
"You must be Irriem Zayle Feriow" The professor told me.
I looked up to see a very beautiful woman standing right next to me, now. Woah. I didn't notice her walking towards me. She's the girl a while ago.  How come that she's a teacher, she looks very young.
She looked at me then to my hands. She grab my left hand, the unwounded one. Then she brings me to the front. Facing my classmates. They aren't familiar to me.
"Tell us about yourself. They are done doing that." she told me while pointing to my classmate.
"I'm Irriem Zayle Feriow. It's pronounced as Ayriyem Zeyl Feyow. I'm 17. That's all." I said shortly.
"Are you a transferee? or an old student here? You're a third year already and I happened to see you just now, and I'm already working here for how many years, I can't remember" she said. Her voice was angelic as her face.
"I've been here since my first year college. I had my evening class for two years, maybe that's the reason why. Now, I decided to be just like them. Studying in the morning. That's all." I walk towards my chair so that her questions will be cut off.
"Wait! How about your parents?" she asked. Tsssk. I'm getting impatient.
"I don't have any" I lied. I saw her. She pity me.
"By the way, I'm Annsh Panfea Yilox. You can call me Ms. Ann. I'm going to be your english teacher for the first semester. I'm glad to see all of you here. If you want some question, you're free to ask"  she said. What a very cute name, it totally fits her.
"Ma'am, how old are you?" one of them asked.
"I'm 27 already" she said with a shy tone.
Whaaaaat? my eyes widen O.O
"You gotta be kidding Ma'am, you look 20 and, and, and sexy" someone said.
She just smile. She looks so young. I can't believe it. She looked at me, we lock eyes. Gosh, I'm totally captivated.
"Are you single Ma'am?" one of them asked again, the reason why we lost the connection of staring at each other.
"Next question please" She smile again. A fake one, I can tell it.
They burst into laughter except me.
"Hey! Why do you need to be so beautiful?" I asked, faking a serious tone. They looked at me with a strange look.
"That's implied honey" She laugh a little. I grin.
Woah. She called me honey i love it.
The rest of the period, she tackled about our topics that's going to be discussed. I'm not listening. I'm staring at her with amazement in my face. This professor is so damn gorgeous. She have this something that I can't explain. Her hair is too black and a little bit curl on the lower part. Her lips is thin and kissable. Her eyes is black too, it's a little bit bigger than mine but I like it. Her white complexion and smooth skin made me shiver. She's sinfully sexy. She's wearing a red dress that made her so attractive because of her complexion. She's wearing a red heels too. Gosh. She's exceptionally pretty. Thanks to her, I forgot my fucking ex.
to be continue ...
(AN: I love ann♡♥♡)