
"I'm Lexy. Ill be the one in charge for your family reunion. If you have questions please feel free to ask me anything." Everyone nodded at her in response.
"Okay, so.." She opened a note pad and scanned through some pages while everybody waited for her to continue.
"Hmm... So.. All the activities start tommorow. Everyone can just sit back and relax for the meantime. Or you could also stroll around the garden. But please do not go near the chapel in the corner of the lot. It is still under renovation, so to prevent any casualties please take note." They nodded at her statement and made sure to keep what she sa0id in thought.
I, on the other hand looked out the window and stared at the chapel that was"off-limits". Under renovation? There werent even a bit of construction material to be seen. The place looked like it has not even been touched by anything or anyone except the wind, rain, and sun.
"What's wrong Sophia? Do you want to go to your room?" Lizabeth asked concerned.
I shook my head and looked at her. "It's nothing. I guess I'll go ahead and fix my things."
I started to walk away from her. "You're room is room # 7, Ok?"
"Yeah, I got it." I waved my hand, not looking at her as I give my response .
I was walking down the hall a bit dazed due to exhaustion.
The hall was quite long with victorian style decorations all over the place. It had a red carpet spread along the middle and the wallpaper had straight upward lines colored orange and white. The lights were in the hue of orange and they hung from the sides of the hall. There were also many paintings of sunsets and the woods that were hung consecutively, giving off a somewhat creepy feel.
My phone vibrated. I was surprised and gave a small sigh of relief after a brief realization. I took it out of my pocket to have a look. I started fiddling with my phone to shake off my uneasiness.
Hm? A message from an unknown number was on the screen. I opened the message.
"Sophia, be very careful"
Huh? It cant be a wrong sent message since my name was written on it. I pondered a bit and convinced myself it was just a prank from one of my friends.
Unknowingly, I accidentaly bumped into someones shoulder with my own while staring at the screen.
I looked at who it was and saw a fine young looking man in a clean black suit who also turned to me.
"I'm very sorry." I said while bowing to him. He had brown hair like Henry's and his eyes were as black as charcoal.
"It's alright." he smiled.
His gesture sent shivers down my spine. He looked as if he was well bred and was very courteous. The type with lots of secrets. The type I wouldnt want to trust.
"Are you perhaps, Sophia?" A beautiful woman asked.
She was walking behind the man so I couldnt see her at all. As I peeked to see her more clearly, I saw that she was even more majestic than Lizabeth. She wore a cute floral dress and her black hair was tied formally. She was pushing a stroller with a baby sleeping inside it.
The baby had the young mans brown hair and the womans pale white skin.
"Yes, I'm Sophia. I'm sorry but have we met before?" I searched my mind for any memory of them both. How could someone forget people like them? They were perfect and they would leave a lasting impression.