
"Ok, this is what we do. First we tell Lizabeth then the manager of the inn. Okay? Dont worry, we'll find your things." He ushered me to where Lizabeth was.
"Lizabeth!" Henry shouted in a low tone. Lizabeth turned to our direction. She was with the Smith couple. "What is it Henry? Anything the matter?" Lizabeth answered back. Henry pulled her away from the Smiths.
"Excuse us for a bit." he politely said. He whispered to Lizabeth what had happened.
What am I gonna do if I cant get my luggage back. My clothes, money and laptop was in there.
"Sophia. You look pale. Would you like some water?" Clara asked.
I turned to her. "No thank you. Theres just a bit of trouble with the luggage." I smiled at her.
"Is there anything we can do to help?" Johannes offered with a concerned look on his handsome face.
"Thank you but I think we can handle it."
What was Lizabeth doing with the Smiths?
Im left with them yet again. They seem to always smile and are very sympathetic to others. I cant handle those kinds of people. Kind people are scary. Because you can never really tell their ulterior motives. And now their offering help, to me who they have no connection to.
I then watched as Henry and Lizabeth talked with the manager of then inn and the organizer of our event. They looked pretty troubled. Their brows were furrowed and were arguing with each other. But who wouldnt act the way they did? Theres a robbery at hand and we are all in their care. They have to take responsibility.
I thought of things that I could do and one thing came to my mind. What if I tried tracking my laptop through my phone? There should be a homing device on it in case of emergencies like this one. And if I can rely on my memories, it should be registered to my phone as well.
"Then I'll go ahead and check the room again. I'm going to try something." I said as I walked pass Henry. I can't just let them do everything. I had to play my part.
I walked closer and closer to the corner to the hall where I first went through. But before I could even get to the hall, Henry called me.
"Sophia, where do you think you're going? I thought you said you were going to check the room?" he asked me.
"To my room, where else?"
"But,your room is on the second floor of this inn."
"Huh? What are you babbling about, Henry? Of course its this way." I pointed.
"Ms. Sophia, please excuse my rudeness but that hallway leads to only one room. And that room is being occupied by the Smiths."
What?! Are they playing with me?! That hallway clearly lead to two rooms. The hall was in a shape of a capital "T". The right side should be the Smiths' as they say, and the left side should be my room.
"Come with me! I'll show you that my room is in this direction." I grabbed Henry's arm and pulled his heavy body towards the hall. But he was trying to stop me by not moving an inch. The manager and organizer had a weirded out face as they looked at me.
They wont believe what I say so Ill just make them believe with their own eyes.
We were almost at the end of the hall and the orange path turned more gray and dark. Its getting late and cold.
Ill show them. Ill show them that what I say is true.
I halt in my tracks. My eyes grow wide open.