
The sun was shining down, the rays beam into my worn-out golden brown eyes. My caramel colored hair fluttered in the breeze, dancing to the sound of the rustling leaves on the trees.
Sunlight blinds me slightly as I look up at the sky. I covered my face with my hand and yanked the hood of my green camouflage jacket onto my head. I then took out my sunglasses with dark violet tint and wore them. Pushing it to the bridge of my nose with my middle finger.
"It's so hot, the sun." I grumbled and looked at the path that we had to hike. "So troublesome." I added.
"It's not troublesome. Its a family reunion so you should be happy." Lizabeth said with a slightly pained look on her face.
"I'm not really fa--" My sentence was cut off by Henry's hand slipping to my face.
"You should know better than  to say to us that you're not family"
I looked at both of them.
"You just adopted me. I accept it." I furrow my brow as I avert my gaze. Turning my heel, I speedily went up the steep slope.
The mountain was not as green as it should have been. It was an autumn colored world. The trees stretched up without end and covered the heat of the sun. It was cooler here than the parking lot at the least. I sighed. I went straight ahead, following the path while thinking of certain things.
Lizabeth and Henry Hill. They've lived together for 18 years and Im their adopted child. Sophia Hill's the name. A senior high in Black woods international high school.
I've been with the Hills for 10 years, since I was 6 I think. My consciousness was already open and running when I was put under their care. They raised me as if I were their own.
Lizabeth was a wonderful woman. She was beautiful with her platinum blonde hair and shining green eyes. She's very tall, about 5"7. She had plenty of admirers and suitors because despite her looks she was also kind and caring. Henry was lucky enough to get her as his wife.
Henry on the other hand was a rather simple person. He does have looks, but its hidden underneath his thick eyeglasses. His eyes were the color of the deep blue sea and his hair was as brown as a wooden oak's bark. He would normally wear a jacket and baggy jeans. It hides his big built body. He was also a very nice person, though always seen as the serious type, he likes to joke around and play pranks on others.
Ive lost my biological parents at a not that very much young age and yet I seem to not recall anything about them.I feel empty and dazed if I try to think about their identities. A gaping hole eats my heart whenever I do. Thats why, even if the Hills treat me as their own. The truth is Ill never be their true child. Rather than staying in a world full of lies, Id pick reality of how people only make connections to protect themselves.
"Sophia! Get back here this instant!" Henry kept calling my name from faraway.
"Sophia! Its dangerous here!"
"Sophia" I started to unconsciously run deeper into the forest.
It hurts, I guess. With me being in my situation, I seem to lack the common persons' smiling face and bright attitude. The gloomy type, you may call me. But I do have friends, dont get me wrong, but not the popular type. I go my day with the same old routine with the same old people each and every boring day of my life. And so Im the person who does not really have any emotional attachments to the world.
"Sophia?"someone called me again.
Though this time, the voice was that of a person that I do not know. It was rather faint and subtle but was full of anguish and anxiety.