
Kenya just came back from a battle on endor. The 38th batallion had been successful. They were rankes fourth among the best of the best batallions. Kenya was a fifteen year old purple saber-wielding jedi knight. Back at the temple, she walked as she saw her old jedi master.
Kenya: "Yarby, I sense something is wrong."
Yarby: "Yes, something does trouble me. Well, we know that the current discovered sith are ventress, dooku, opress, and darth maul. Well, delta squad were on a mission on mandalore when they came upon a room. They checked the security cameras for past times. It was three weeks ago. THE sith lord killed opress and took maul hostage. He was just so powerful."
Kenya: "What did the council say about this?"
Yarby: "They said before the war ends we shall find this sith lord and face him."
Kenya nodded.
Yarby: "I heard about the battle on endor. Excellent work."
Kenya: "That is what I do."
Kenya went into the library and sat down at the table. She began to fall asleep when ahsoka woke her up.
Kenya: "Ahsoka?"
Ahsoka: "Come on, we gotta get to the briefing room. NOW!!"
Ahsoka and Kenya ran to the briefing room.
Kenya: (Anakin, obi wan, windu, yarby, yoda and much more!)
Yoda: "Dealing with a new threat, we are."
Windu: "Mother Talzin has joined forces with maul, who created factories on felucia with kaminoeans he kidnapped. They made the factories and manufactured dark clones- Stormtroopers. Mother Talzin created alchemy rancors and bull rancors."
Obi wan: "For now, all we know is that mother talzin is a "scientist", maul is a commander, and the sith lord has a presence so cold... Darth Vader. He isnt the top sith, but its highly suspected he is following orders from the top one. Today is the day we take the fight to mustafar and end the clone wars. Then we will order the rest of the batallions around the galaxy to end all of missions with a final ambush."
Kenya: "Like the sound of that."
Ahsoka: "Mustafar, huh? Well lets go!"
The 501st and 31st batallion headed for mustafar. They arrived around five pm, still somewhat light. Eight republic cruisers entered the space of mustafar. They sent one gunship. When the gunship landed, several people came out. It was delta squad, captain rex, commander cody, r2,  kenya and anakin. They got to the landing bay and there were two doors.
Anakin: "Artoo, come with me and captain rex. We're team A and we're gonna arrest the main ambassadors. Kenya and team b have to go detonate the bottom room. Afterwards contact us so that we can leave the station. Fifteen minutes after securing the room plant the explosives and then we will detonate them after leaving."
Anakin, artoo, and rex ran into the second door. Rex threw a stun grenade as the squad (10) of droids fell. The group continued as they soon arrived in the droid room. The lights turned on as an army of droids stood waiting.
Anakin: "Dont.. Move."
Gunray: "General Skywalker, such a surprise. Raiding our factory here. Heheheheehehe... Count Dooku would tell us to take you hostage. Dooku and Ventress are the final commanders of our army since Grevious left to join the imperial army. We anticipated you would want to finish us off so we prepared this."
Gunray activated the ray shields as it surrounded the three.