
Kaoru hitachiin made his way through the hall, trying to find his brother, who had run off after calling him the 'evil' twin, how cliché. "Damnit! Hikaru, where are you?" He yelled, of course being the nicer twin, he didn't scream too loudly. The 12 year old ginger rounded his way around a conner, too bad those things were always danger stops, he bashed into someone, falling to the ground "Ow, oh hey sorry" he picked himself up, offering a hand to the buff brunette male that he bashed into, but he slapped his hand away. "Fuck, you little shit! I'm gunna get a bruise on my good looking face!, don't you know who I am? I'm Adam flincher! " adam rubbed the now forming bruise on his cheekbone, kaoru flinched at the hard tone, he stood up, towering over the ginger "wait a minute? Your that pompous rich kid, you have twin! don't ya" the brunette grinned at his perfect memory, he hadn't ever been near someone as rich as kaoru, or he hadn't known anybody with a twin, a cruel smile plagued his lips "so which one are you? Hikaru or kaoru?". That question really struck kaoru, it had been hard for them, especially since no one could tell them apart "kaoru" he replied simply "ha!" Adam laughed, his freckles danced on his graced smile "I'd hate to have a twin!" He continued "when you have someone who looks exactly like you, your not special anymore! No one can tell you apart, i bet your own parents got you mixed up thousands of times! Man! Life's gotta suck, ne?" His grinned triumphantly. Kaoru froze, he never thought of it that way, he loved having a twin! Someone to share his secrets with, someone to play pranks with, then blaming it on eachother, someone to speak in unison with to annoy people, and so much more, and he didn't care if his parents mixed them up, it was always funny in the end, it was all so much fun, and he enjoyed every minute of it. Kaoru glared at the older teen "well your wrong! I love having a twin!, and where in hell did you get the idea that I'm or my brother are not special? We look alike, but we have a mind if our own! Dumbass! Guess all those muscles reached your head!" He was about to storm away when an arm shot out like a bullet and snatched his shirt "what did you say!?" He growled, kaoru replayed what he said in his head, when did he get so defensive? "Oh god, sorry! I didn't mean it like that!" He raised his hands defensively "you will be!" Fist directed to the younger's face "HEY! Get your hands off him!". Immediately kaoru wiped his head around, staring at his twin Hikaru "so your this punks twin, man do I feel sorry for y-" he didn't have time to finish his sentence before Hikaru punched him in the face, sending him back down. Hikaru grabbed Adams jacket roughly and said "if you ever touch my brother again, you'll wake up breathing through a tube!" The older boy nodded, feeling slightly embarrassed, since he was was beaten by a kid who was one and a half years younger then him. "Pfft who the hell do you think your talking to! Your brother had it coming!" He punched Hikaru back "Fuck you!". Hikaru growled "its on!" No one said that to bro, not while he was in the room.
*20 minutes later*
"I've called your parents, they'll be here in a while, meanwhile, you three better not cause any trouble" miss toru said, walking back into her office, Hikaru had a bloody nose and Adam had a black eye, though both were injured, beyond a simple fight. Kaoru held the tissue up to hikaru's nose to try stop the bleeding "quit being a baby and tilt your head back" kaoru scowled "i can do it myself" returned Hikaru "you have no chose in this" finished kaoru. The twins smirked at eachother, while on the other side, Adam was muttering about stupid and frilly they were being, but they payed no attention to him. "Sooo...... your ok with being my twin?" Kaoru's eyes widened "wait a minute..... you heard?". Hikaru grinned "Yup, it was kinda funny the way you exploded" he laughed "jerk.." kaoru muttered. Suddenly a plump brunette, with honey eyes and a cigarette in her mouth burst through the door, she hugged adam and sent a cold glare towards the twins. A few minutes later a tall skinny women with blonde hair tied in a spicky bun, with green eyes walked into the room. Racing over to her boys and crushing them in a hug "oh god! What were you boys thinking!? Oh my- Hikaru! Your hurt" she fussed over them till the other women walked over to her "you should teach your kids not to get into fights" she snorts, the twins mother, known as shinjú gave her an annoyed expression "your child is older then my boys, so I sujest you teach your child how to behave, Baka" the other women gasped "ill have you know that im amató sucuróru! Top lady of the archeology discovery group in all of Japan!" She said smugly "well im shinjú hitachiin,  one of the top 5 most richest women in all of China and Japan" hell, if this women wanted to have a smack talk with her, she got one!. Amató gaped at her before her face darkened once again "oh so just because your rich, you belive your brats can just do whatever they want?" She raised a furry eyebrow "we don't boast about our wealth or use it as a pass to do whatever we want, but if you ever call my children  that again or cause them any harm, i will personally give you a one way trip to jail!" Both women glared intensely at eachother, while the boys were just sitting there, each supporting there own parent. Shinjú broke there glaring contest to go sign her children out. "Come one boys, lets go home" she said, helping Hikaru, who's nose was almost done bleeding. Kaoru assisted as well. They all hoped into the long limo-like car and drove off. "So what happened" they mother called, the twins looked at eachother and Hikaru spoke up "that jerk was about to hit him so I jumped and- it kinda went down hill from there". The only female hitachiin cooed "awww, such brotherly love", she thought it was absolutely adorable! They both smirked and looked at eachother at the same time "so we're not grounded" they said hopefully, shinjú snorts "your not that lucky, your both grounded for 3 weeks, which means no video games, no phones and no tv, and if you think this is cruel, wait till your dad gets a hold of you two". The both frowned grimly "last time I call someone a dumbass" kaoru muttered