
Hey guys!
Before you guys ask, no. This is not a chapter. I just wanted to put up Melli's info before we get things started so people wouldn't be confused.
WARNING! You have to read Melli's bio/info carefully, there might be a crucial piece of information about her and you missed it. So please read this carefully.
And yeah, the pic above is how I first pictured Melli. Yes, I drew it. Terrible, I know.
\|/ \|/ \|/ \|/ \|/
Name: Mellison Ackerdrag
Age: (Flashbacks) 1-3 years old(Now) 18/19 years old
Bio: Melli never knew her real parents. All she knows is that she was dropped at an odd island, a dark sillhouette flying away.
Yes, Melli knew her parents abandoned her. But no. She did not resent them at all. Everyone has their own particular reason of doing things, right? And her parent's was probably because their daughter was different.
When their village was attacked by dragons, Melli didn't cry. She did not wail even once, and she actually tried to reach at the black dragon's snouts and pet them. But when the dragons left, she sobbed so loudly that the other vikings pounded on their house doors to shut her up.
Yes, Melli Ackerdrag was certainly different. In a blessed yet cursed way.
So when she awoke on that island, imagine her surprise when she saw herself staring into the green eyes of a dragon (I KNOW YOU KNOW THIS DRAGON, HE'S THE FRIGGIN' STAR OF THE MOVIES AND THE CUTEST DRAGON EVER).
A baby Night Fury.
She screamed and the dragon squealed in fright as well, stumbling backwards.
The dragon got back up on his tiny feet a few seconds later, taking a small step towards her. Melli stared at him, a little curious about him as well. The black creature sniffed her hand and began to nuzzle her. He picked her up and carried her off to his nest with his mother.
You probably know the rest from the summary, the two became best friends, they're inseperable, he left her, her wings grew and her eyes turned yellow-green etc.
But we all know that these two would meet again, cause this book wouldn't exsist if they didn't.
Appearance: Melli has ginger red hair. Her eyes were originally blue, but when the changes kick in, her eyes turn yellow-green like a dragons, and black eight feet wings spurt out from her back. She usually wears a light blue v-neck she sewed herself with a dark brown shirt underneath. Over those, she wears a woolly coat. Then there are her light brown pants and dark brown boots.