
I turned around.
"Who-who's there?"
I kept on turning, scanning ever inch where my eyesight could reach.
"It really is..... Her..... SOPHIA.........?" It was the same voice as the first time.
I searched once again only to realize that I was no longer in the right path to the building where we are to stay. I'm lost, aren't I? Im far from where Henry and Lizabeth are, right? If so, who is calling my name?
The wind gushed in. Dried leaves from withering trees fell onto the forest ground. It was already fall and the colors were mystical and dry. It's been getting darker, faster than summer. The sun that was covered seemed like it was about to set.
How long have I been running? How far have I gone?
"Soph-" It's calling m--- someone touched my shoulder with cold hands.
"-phia" a different voice finished my name. I turned around, slightly frightened.
"I told you it's dangerous here didn't I? What if you'd gotten lost?" It was Henry. He was huffing and sweat fell down his face.
I'm sort of relieved? But wait, who?
Henry pulled me by the hand and shrugged me so I would come with him.
I looked up at the high trees and saw a somewhat fuzzy image of two human like figures. They were standing up straight, keeping their balance on the easily broken braches.
"H-how?" I blinked for a moment and as I looked once more, there was nothing.
"Sophia are you listening at all?" Henry bickered at me just like he would when I was a still a child.
"Y-yeah, Im listening" I answered hesitantly. No other words came from my mouth due to my complete awe of what I think I saw.
"Good. We're here." Henry led my to a patched up garden. It was very vast and full of dried up leaves.
There was a small building in the middle. It looked like it was made from the finest wood and the clear glasses of windows and doors shown brightly with lights. Trees surrounded it and the branches seemed like it would engulf it at any moment.
Something caught my eye while I stared at the painted like scenery. There was another building, it was a chapel I think. It was placed in the shallow and dark part. It looked old and yet it fits perfectly to the picture. Strangely, I felt as if something were off. I felt a gaze staring back at me from one of the windows.
Shaking off the feeling, I walked side by side with Henry and as we grew closer to the door, you could hear friendly laughter.
He opened the door slightly and everyone stopped with what they were doing and stared at us.
"Very sorry for the wait!" Henry said with a small laugh and forced smile.
"I'm vey sorry for making you wait" I bowed my head to them. They went closer to me and hugged me with all force.
"It's been so long, you've grown to a fine woman Sophia!" my aunties were doting on me once again, its like this every year. I forced a smile and placed another facade for them to see.
This cheerful me is not real, can you not see what is underneath? They are all happy. I smile with them yet my heart cries in deep anguish.
"Okay, okay. Gather up guys!!" A woman said. And everyone gathered around her.
"Good afternoon everybody. I see that everyone's finally here." She spoke confidently as she scanned our faces.