
Then Harry Styles walks out. I guess we have the whole One Direction with us today. Maybe that's the 5 Derek was talking about. Harry walks over and introduces himself and I introduce myself back. He laughs and I laugh back. It was really awkward but he then totally makes out with me. I let him. Thankfully because I would get total hate on Twitter if I didn't. He then released. Angela, you are the most beautiful girl in the world. He then walked over to Louis and stood next to him.
Niall Horan was the next one and he tripped as he walked out of his limo. I giggled and he blushed at his own embarrassment. Hey I'm Niall and your name must be Beautiful right? Close enough I laughed. But it's Lily. Oh yes Niall said. That's very close to beautiful. But Lily is a beautiful name and so is your face and I swear Lily  is my new definition of beautiful. I kissed him. Aw geez that was embarrassing. I think at least. I finally let go. I awkwardly blushed and Niall noticed. He then walked over smiling.
After Niall, it was Zayn. At least he got out safely. Zayn walked over and showed off his tattoos. Yawn..... I liked most of them of them though. I didn't mind him showing off his tattoos because he had amazing muscle in his arms. Mmhm I couldn't take my eyes off his arms. They were amazing. I like your arms I blurted out. Wow uh thanks he said. I work out like three times a week.
Then was Liam. The Liam Payne. Hopefully he won't cause me as much Payne as he last name. (See what I did there ;) ). I wrote a song for you Liam said. Aw that's adorable! Go ahead I said.
Hey there Lily, I know I just met you but your like the girl from the magazine because your just so pretty. Yes you are. Yeah ya are.
I haven't finished but I hope you likes the beginning. Liam! That was amazing! You don't even need to finish it. That's how good it was! He then blushed and walked over.
Scene done! Yelled Derek. Great job guys! You all did amazing! You guys are all naturals! Keep doing that we won't need scripts.
If singing makes her fall then I could sing right now and she'll fall for me Zayn said. Shush Zayn said Louis.
But I thought we didn't need scripts said Niall. Oh Niall every show as scripts Derek said. Niall gulped. I tried not to giggle too loud. Stop Lily said Niall. It's not funny! Niall giggled in his amazing accent. O geez all their accents I sighed.