
Gunray: "You give in?"
Anakin: "No... I will NEVER give in. This is skywalker to team b. Have you infiltrated the room?"
38: "Yes we have."
Anakin: "We've been captured and in a ray shield. You have to set off the timer now."
40: "We can't do that, sir."
Anakin: "That's an order! We'll probably figure something out in five minutes."
Kenya regretfully pressed the button as the timer began. Team B headed for the droid room.
Gunray: "You stupid jedi! Alert, alert! This is emergency alpha. You heard me correctly, alpha! Leave the facility!"
Gunray and several other manufacturers left the base. They all got into a separatist shuttle and took off. The droids were also scattering. Team b freed team a. When they got outside they had ten seconds. They boarded the gunship and it flew away as the place exploded seconds later. They arrived on the main cruiser and got off.
Tarkin: "It would seem that we were able to subdue the neomodians. They are in our custody and currently being escorted to detention cell level 18."
Anakin: "Excellent."
Yoda: "Ordered the galaxy-wide ambushes, I have."
Obi wan: "In a few hours the galaxy should be liberated from sepratists."
Ahsoka: "Have you heard the news? The empire have already begun to imperialize worlds!"
Windu: "I saw the news. They have Lothal, Kashyyk, Eoyona, Dagobah, Moraband, and all of tatooine lands not owned by Jabba."
Obi wan: "Core worlds mentioned are kashyyk and tatooine. We need those planets back under republic control."
Anakin: "Also we need to send some knights under cover to these non core worlds, since the republic wont have time to liberate them for a while."
Kenya: "I want to go to Lothal. That's where my cousin ezra is."
Yoda nodded as Kenya got ready. She got into her n-1 red starfighter and began to head for Lothal. While passing Naboo she sensed a presence but ignored it. It was darth sidious on naboo. Sidious force pushed down the door.
Sidious: "Hahahaha.... I gave you more than enough chance to join the empire. You wanted to decline? It is fine with me. At least count dooku had sense to join."
Sidious force chokes and shocked ventress. He then stabbed his saber through her and she died. He laughed several times and walked away. Kenya got to lothal.