
Image: Jessie
I was sitting in a cell. My body was relaxing on the cold stone.
I was only supposed to drink small portions if water. Jessie was watching me.
"So you and orange?" I asked he chuckled
"Her names Vanessa. But I agree with you on the orange part. That fake tan is tacky" he said I giggled
"Something we agree on" I said
We stared at each other and he smiled a little. Then frowned and got up
"I should go get some dinner" he said. "Do you want something?"
"Jeb said I can only drink small portions of water. Then I have to eat small pieces of bread" I said he nodded
"I'll see you later" he mumbled and trudged away
I sighed. I was alone. I got up. My legs wobbled. They did not like the pressure on them after walking for 3 days.
I stumbled out of the cell. I still had my bag on my shoulder. And my 'REJECT' shirt was tied around my head. Wanda had let me wash out my mouth and brush my teeth.
I had cleaned my cuts but the scars were still there. They had cleaned me up. And I looked better
But I was still tired. I trudged down the long corridors.
"Hello?" I whispered
No answer.
My feet hurt. I turned around trying to find my way back. But I was lost.
But I wasn't scared.
"HEY!!!" Someone called I turned and saw a man walking towards me
"What the hell are you doing down here. Parasites like you need to die" he spat. I glared at him he clutched my arm
I hissed and swiped his arm. He growled at me and released me. I cover his bleeding arm
People came running in
"What's going on here?" I heard Jeb ask
"I saw it roaming the corridors. I grabbed her arm and she swiped my arm with a knife" I sunk back in shame
I felt Jessie move next to me
"I'll take her back" he said. I gulped as he grabbed my arm. I glared at him and he just rolled his eyes
"Hold on" someone said I turned and saw a girl and a boy walking towards me
"Hi I'm Melanie. I used to be Wanda's host before they took her out. This is my boyfriend Jared" she said
I smiled
"I'm Fighter Pierces. But you can call me Pierce" I said she smiled at me
"Cool. We were just going to take you down to meet Sunny" she said
"Who?" I asked
"The other soul who lives here" she said
"Oh yeah sure" I said and yanked my arm from Jessie's grip
I followed her. I heard hushed voices as we entered another room
A tall boy was talking to a small girl. She smiled at me but the boy held her back.
"I'm Sunny" she said
"Fighter Sunny" I said she giggled at the name
"Yeah I guess so" she yanked from the boys arms and walked over.