
"Turn around?" He snapped. "Fine I will"
I huffed and got up. I looked around and spotted some boxes in the back. I ripped them open and found weapons.
Like knives.
Why would he be carrying Knives?
"HEY!!!" I heard him yell I whipped around and saw him glaring at me
"Get out of those boxes" he hissed
"Why are you carrying knives?" I asked holding up one of them
"Put them down. There for the seekers." He said
"Not anymore" I said
I grabbed a couple of knives and I stuffed them in a sling on bag. I took the box and threw it at the window. It shattered glass flew everywhere.
I ducked.
"WHAT ARE YA DOING???" The guy screamed
I climbed out the window and my bare legs cut through the glass. The wind ripped through me as we moved through the highway.
Blood oozed out in some of the cuts. Curse me for wearing shorts.
I ignored the pain and jumped out. I hit the ground and rolled around on the street. A woman screamed and stopped her car. It hurt but I was pretty sure I didn't have any broken bones and started running. To nowhere
***3 days later
I walked and walked and walked. No water no food. Just me and my knives. I was so tired.
I searched through the head of my host. She wasn't there. I knew that sometimes the host would talk to you.
But she was gone. All there was left was her memories. I saw that she died from jumping from a building when the seekers tried to catch her.
Of course they healed her body. But she was dead.
I shuddered.
She was a tomboy and her name was Zane. Her parents were dead. She was violent and rebellious. This was a perfect host for me.
Violent and rebellious. Souls weren't supposed to be violent. Only some were. They called them defective souls.
Souls who rebel against there own kinds are called fighters.
I sighed. I realized when I thought about stuff the pain would slip from my mind. On the back of my shirt it said 'REJECT'
I had tied it around my waist so people wouldn't see.
The sun was hot and my sunglasses didn't help. It broke my scratches that were all over my legs and arms. The blood would trickle down my leg. I had flipped my hair in a ponytail.
I didn't now how much longer I could go. I was weak.
My stomach rumbled I was sucking on my saliva.
My eye sight started to go wary. When I heard a truck pull over. I looked over slightly.
Three men sat there staring at me. They had sunglasses on as well
"You human?" One asked I shook my head and just stared at them
"What do we do with it?" One of the snapped
IT!!!
IT!!!!!
Did he just call me it!!!
"Shut it Jessie" the other growled. "Doc can use it for information. Plus Wanda and Sunny would love the extra company. Though Kyle and Ian won't let it near Sunny or Wanda until it is checked out"