
Annie's POV:
It's my first day at school, I'm so excited!
I can't wait to meet new friends and my teachers. I have to be casual!
Bag? Check. Pencil case? Check. Hair? Check.Uniform? Wait, where's my tie?!
I scramble around my room, quickly pulling my drawer open and then opening my cupboard revealing a pile of creased and dirty clothing. Where the hell is my tie?
"Annie? I'm going to leave without you! Hurry it up will ya?" My mother calls.
No no no!I need to find my tie! Where is it?!
Autumn walked into my room whilst tying her brown hair up in a ponytail. She smirked "What're you looking for Ann?"
I rolled my eyes at her and turned to her, just to glare at her. "Where's my tie?"
Every time Autumn makes that stupid face, it means she knows what's up or she was a somewhat cause for it.
She may be pretty and all the guys flock around her but she's freaking annoying!
"Where's my tie?! I'm going to be late!" I stomped my foot on the floor and Autumn just started laughing, what is her problem?
She pulled my tie out of her jean pocket and tossed it at me, I barely caught it but it managed to land in my hands.
I grabbed my bag and before I could leave, Autumn crossed her arms and blocked the door way keeping her stance.
"Where's my thanks at?" She glared at my with that stupid smile.
"There's no need for thanks, besides I'm late. So step aside hippo girl" "Excuse me?" Autumn glared at me.
I paused and looked away before looking at her again, she definitely wasn't amused.
"Thanks"
Autumn moved out of the door way, only to reveal my mother standing in the corridor, she was angry.
"Don't be mad! Hippo had my stupid tie! " I stormed pass my mother and into the car, slamming the car door so both my mother and sister could hear it.
I sighed.
Was I too aggressive? What if she becomes more mad.. Oh no! What if Autumn wants to kill me when I get home? Aughhh!!
I groaned before sinking into the car seat thinking about what I had just done.
My mother got into the car, she didn't slam her door or anything. She stayed silent.
She pushed her turned the car keys and started driving, she never looked at me or spoke a word.
Did I go too far?
-
Wow, writing this was harder than I thought. I don't even know what I'm writing half of the time! I know this wasn't interesting but I'm still going so please leave feedback :) Please ignore my spelling mistakes!!
Thanks~ xoxo