
Alex povHey my name is Alexandria Nicole Coffey and I'm 19. I know what your thinking, coffey as in the drink. Yep but just spelt differently. Also I prefer to be called Alex or Lexie or something like that. Anyways my best friend Brianna Nicloe Hobbs who is 20,( lol I know we have same middle name) and I are on our way to a Kalin And Myles concert! I LOVE THEM SO MUCH, buy not as much as Brianna does. I mean she still LOVES them but not like I do. She says I'm weird and crazy, even though I am. Lol. Right now we are just listening to know yourself by drake and going dumb to da beat while Im driving my orange jeep wrangler. "I WAS RUNNING THROUH THE 6 WITH MY WOES! YOU KNOW HOW THAT SHIT GO, YOU KNOW HOW THAT SHIT GO! I said practically screaming"Yo calm down! I know your all "hyphy" and shit but calm the fuck down!" Bri said annoyed"Your just jealous of my hyphyness"I said"Sure whatever helps you to sleep at night!" She said sarcastically"Bruh thats my line!" I said"Oh yeah I'm sorry" she says fake cryingI just gave her a death glare and continued driving to the time warner cable arena. Oh by the way I forgot to tell you that Brianna and I live in Charlotte, North Carolina together in an apartment together.in our senior year my dad got us an apartment because he had to move to Maine for his job. I can't believe he let Brianna and I live together on our own until college! I mean Me Alex and Brianna! He said I was a good girl and not bad but in my head I was laughing because we all know that good girls are the bad girls that never get caught! Lol. Anyways once we got there we parked like a block away and just walked to the arena. "Holy shit lex! The line is hella long!" Bri said shocked"1. There is nothing holy about shit and 2. I told you to get up earlier so we could get their first but no you need your "beauty sleep" I said"Alright alright you got me but you know how I act with out a good sleep!" She said"Oh gosh don't remind me! You almost killed me!" We both laughedOnce we got our VIP lanyords we got In line for the meet and greet. Right before we got to meet the boys I got a call from my dad. I answered it ASAP cuz I'm a daddy's gal! Lol (d- dad, a- me/alex)A- hey dad what's up! D- hey Alex I'm sorry for calling unexpected but we have some bad news.A-oh its OK and what is it?!D-alex I'm sorry to say this but.. Your sister died. A drunk driver hit her and totaled her.A- WHAT NO THIS CANT BE HAPPENING I NEED HER!D-im sorry baby but it just happened. She is in a better place now and she doesn't have to suffer.A- I know I guess. I'll miss her a lot.D- I know I will to. I have to go now to work. I love you and remember she's in a better place now. See you soon. Oh and I will text you later to give you the information about the funeral and stuff. OK?A- alright I love you too daddy. See you soon.Once I hit end I started to cry. I was so upset. Kalani was like a mom to me once our mom left us when I was 8and kalani was 14. Gosh I hope that hoe isn't their for the funeral."Alex what's wrong what did your father say" she said worried "Brianna... kalani died. A...drunk driver hit her pretty badly and she.. didn't...make it." I said while crying"Oh my gosh alex I'm so sorry! I'm gonna KILL that driver!is there anything I can do to help? She said while engulfing me into a hug and letting me cry one her shoulder because I'm way taller than her. Lol.."U always gotta get revenge. Thanks brianna for always being there for me! I said with half a smile on my face. She always lknows how to make me happy!"No prob girly! Your like the sister I never had! I love you so much! She said with a warm smile"Awe really bri. I feel the same way and I love you too! I said"So about the show. Do you wanna stay or go home?" She asked"Girl this is kalin and myles! I ain't leaving!" I said"That,was a dumb question!""Totally! I sighed and I cried softly and brianna hugged me again. Gosh I love her so freaking much! What would I do with out her!"Alright girl lets go meet KAM" she said excited"Ok let's do it!" I saidWith that I wiped the tears off my face and we walked up to them! I hope I don't look a mess! Brianna walked over to myles and I walked to kalin because that's who she likes. "Hey kalin" I said kinda sad"Hey, what's wrong it looks like you were crying and they don't look like tears of joy?" He asked"Oh.. Um my sister.. Um passed away this morning and I just found out" I said while looking down." oh I'm so sorry sweetie. She is in a better place and we are here for you." He said while giving me a hug and wiping away my tears.Wow kalin is so sweet."Thanks kalin, it means a lot.I said while looking into his beautiful green eyes and he was looking into mine."Hey do you mind if I get your number? I mean you seem like a nice girl and I wanna be there for you." He asked"Oh sure. Here's my phone." I gave him my phone out of my pocketWe switched phones and I put my name as Alex:p . Once he gave me back my phone I looked at it and it said ksmooth.I looked at him and we both laughed. After brianna and I got our pictures taken we said our goodbyes and headed to where they will be performing.Once they came out we all went crazy and sang along to every song while dancing.-skip rest of show-Once the show was over, bri and I headed back home. Once we got home I jumped onto my bed and was thinking about what happened today. I can't believe my big sis died. She was too young.Out of nowhere I got a text. It was from KsmoothK-  hey Alex. Tomorrow we have an off day before we head back home. I was wondering if you wanted to go somewhere with me tomorrow? A- hey, yeah sure I would love that. I gtg I want to sleep. LolK- yay! I will pick you up at 12:00 pm. Goodnight alex! ❤A- good night kalin :) A- oh and here's my address. (I don't feel like making up 1 lol)K- thanks beautiful