
(Whole story in Riley's POV unless otherwise stated)
I shot up from my nightmare panting and sweating.
I checked to make sure there were no sharks. After I was 100% positive there were no sharks, I laid back down on her pillow.
I had slept in the basement instead of my room the previous night. Having a migraine, the basement was the coolest darkest place in the house.
After 25 minutes of trying to get back to sleep, I sighed and gave up. Getting up, I walked upstairs to get some breakfast.
Coming into view of the kitchen, I screamed. My best friend Jake Ryan, the movie star, was standing there. He loved me like a sister,and I loved him like a brother.
I decided to sneak up on him and jump on his back like I used to do. When I got up behind him, I put my hand on his shoulder, but before I had time to jump on him, he judo-flipped me.
'Grrrr.' I thought. 'Fine, if that's the way he wants to play it!' I lie there on the ground, as Jake bent over me.
"Hey! Riley! It's early, what are you doing up?" He asked me.
I pretended to be blacked out, and didn't respond.
"Riley?" He shook me lightly.
"RILEY?" He yelled shaking me harder.
Finally realizing I was passed out, he screamed. "HELP! SOMEBODY!" But no one came.
My parents probably took my sister to work with them.
"Riley-" He started.
I jumped up.
"Gotcha!" I screeched hugging him.
"Riley! Oh my god, please don't ever do that again." He sighed from relief, squeezing the life out out of me.
"J-Jake. Can't breath." I choked out and he let me go.
He pulled me in and gave me a kiss on the lips. Even though we weren't dating, this is always how we greet each other. Everyone in our group does it. Girls kiss each other on the cheek, guys do a bro hug. We've been doing it since we were 3.
"What are you doing here?" I asked him excitedly.
"Well, I whipped by to just visit for 30 minutes, but your parents had to take Maggie to work, so they asked me to stay with you. Your dad said your not well." He looked concerned.
I sighed and looked down.
"Yah, I've been getting headaches, and I can't digest food very well anymore, I always throw it up." I told him. "And I haven't told my parents about this yet, but I'm really confused. I've been forgetting Paige's brothers name, I've been forgetting Patrick's moms name, I just, don't know what's wrong with me."
I began sobbing.
Jake just held me.
"It's ok, I'll take you to see a doctor." He offered.
I shook my head.
"No, Maddie, Kenzie, Patrick, Paige, and I are having a sleepover tonight. And now, you are to!" I told him.
He laughed.
"My family is out, I'm gonna call everyone to come earlier." I said walking away.
20 minutes later, I walked back to Jake.
"Paige is out shopping for a dance outfit with her mom, Maddie and Kenz are helping redo there bathroom, so Patrick is the only one coming right now." I told him.