
So, a lot of my friends try to look for advice on the first day of school and in a blink of an eye school is going to star again (which is sad) so here is what to do. 1. Have your back-to-school outfit ready and laid out on your bed.
2. Make sure to brush your teeth and/or eat a tic-tac (after breakfast.)
3. If you wear makeup only put a little bit on (I sometimes go overboard) just some powder blush and a light brown eyeshadow will be enough.
4. Make sure to shower REALLY good.
5. If you ride the bus make sure to sit in the back with your friends (I don't really know why but some people think it's cool so I just do it.)
6. When you get to school make sure you know where you are going ask an older kid to help (If you don't know where your going you will probably end up with the 7th graders............ Like me.)
7. If you are new to a school just keep quiet for a while and try not to act too crazy (if you are like me) you will eventually catch someone's eye and later in the year you will find yourself really good friends with his/her
8. Try to reunite with some of your friends that you didn't see over the summer.
9. Try to have a funny humor (look up some jokes on the internet you'll score big.)
10. Talk to everyone they are just people like you and me what's to be afraid of.
11. If you are bullied by someone look up a comeback on the internet I know it sounds corny but they have some really good ones.
12. If someone calls you a wussy then call them a..... Well come up with something that rhymes with wussy.
13. Be nice to everyone and they will be nice to you... If some are mean to you just remember the names that they call you is actually what they ARE.
14. In class the best way to talk to someone is through a note or a really quiet whisper.
15. If you like someone ( his/her) make sure to look your best and act natural like just two friends hanging out having a natural conversation.
16. NEVER raise your hand unless your DEFINITELY sure about an answer otherwise it's total humiliation.
17. Try not to talk too much in class sometimes you just have to pay attention no matter how BORING it is if you don't you will just look stupid (I learned that the hard way.)
18.Try to participate in school activities like art, band, or sports it will look good on your record.
19. When in gym class ALWAYS bring deodorant
20. This is THE most important fact ever.... HAVE FUN!!!