
Image: Outfit
At some point I fell asleep. But I was clutching the knife in my hand so hard that Jessie had to shake me awake because I had cut my hand open. I hissed at the pain.
The second boy in the front gave me a towel.
"I'm Mike by the way. That's Jessie and this douche is Aaron." He said and Jessie and Aaron glared at him
My lips twitched but I just stared at them
"I'm Pierces" my scratchy voice said.
"Do you need some water?" Aaron asked
"Yes" I gasped
"Jessie get her water" Aaron snapped Jessie grumbled and handed me a water
I tore the cap off with my teeth and drank the water down. It trickled down my throat. I smiled as tears pricked my eyes. I finished the bottle in three seconds flat.
They all stared at me and I stared back.
"Jessie hand her a piece of bread" Aaron said
Jessie rummaged through the boxes looking for it but I felt sick.
Oh no!!
In Zane's memories she had also gone a couple of days without eating.
When she had gotten fluids and food she ate/drank them down right away but her stomach didn't agree with that much fluid and food after so many days without eating and she threw it back up
"Stop the car!!!" I commanded
Aaron stopped it in a screech
I jumped out and threw up.
"Awe gross" Jessie mumbled
"Jessie why did you give her the full bottle?" I heard Mike ask
"I don't know" He said
"She obviously hasn't had food in a couple of days. She should have had a small portion of water. But she drank the whole bottle and threw it back up" he explained
"Nerd" Jessie mumbled
"Pierces you okay?" Aaron asked I shook my head
"Do I look okay?" I snapped wiping my mouth with my jacket
"C'mon get back in" Jessie said I sat down leaning back in the seat clutching my stomach
"Doc can check her up" Aaron said
Silence.
"Pierces is there someone in there with you? Like talking to you?" Mike asked I shook my head
"Zane, my host, she died before I was in this body. She was depressed. Her last mood effects mine as well" I said. "Why I'm afraid and sometimes just want to leave this planet"
Mike stared at me
"So your depressed" he said
"No. I try not be" I said. "But the harder I try the worse my life gets"
Silence.
It was very awkward.
And soon we stopped. Jessie reached over and covered my eyes with a blindfold.
I felt him grab my arm and yank me along. I heard voices and chatter from all different directions.
My head turned everywhere but I couldn't see anything.
Jessie shoved me and I growled. I clutched my knife on my hand.