
Image: Fighter Pierces
Pierces Pov
I heard voices. Soft soothing voices. Talking to me.
"Ms. Can you hear us?" Someone said
My eyes fluttered open. The person in front of me sighed in relief.
"Good" he said. "Ms. My name is Seeker blackflower."
I just stared at him
"Would you like to name yourself?" He asked
I nodded
"Pierces" I stuttered he smiled
"What a lovely name" he said and wrote it down. "Well Pierces I'll be right back"
He left and I looked around. This was Earth.
Were Souls take over humans. I clenched my teeth.
Why couldn't we just have stayed on the other planets. The humans deserved to be left in peace.
They resisted we should have just left.
I got up and wobbled a little. Seeker Blackflower came back in.
He pursed his lips.
"Are you a fighter?" He asked
"What?" I snapped
"A fighter? A traitor to your own kind?" He asked
"Well is a fighter someone who thinks we should leave the humans alone?" I asked he nodded
"Then I guess I am" I said he growled a little
"Come with me" he said
He grabbed my arm and yanked me along the corridor. I yelped in pain.
He led me to a secure room were a woman seeker sat at a table. He sat me down and I glared at them
"Well fighter Pierces" she said. "It seems you rebel against us"
"It's seems likes that's true" I said smiling
"Well we don't accept souls like that" she said. "Were sending you to a camp in Ohio. They'll teach about how humans are meant to be takin over"
I glared at her
"Yeah I'll go with you when he'll freezes over" I screamed and lunged at her.
My hands closed over her throat and I started choking her.
"DEFECTIVE SOUL!!!!!" I heard someone scream
Then something was pressed Ito the side of my neck and everything went black.
***
Something was moving underneath me. I gasped and woke up.
I looked around. I was on a bus. It was just me and the driver.
We were in the middle of nowhere. I gasped. I was going to that camp.
I jumped up and lunged for the window. I tried to pry it open but it wouldn't budge. I growled in frustration.
I was stuck. Then the drivers phone rang. He picked it up.
"What are you talking about?" He said after a moment of silence.
"It burned down?" He asked. "Well I'm heading there right now with this girl in the back....... Well were am I supposed to bring her?"
I grinned I wasn't going anywhere