
"DOC!!!" I heard Jessie call
"What ya need Jessie?" Someone said
"We found it on the street" he said
"Don't call me it." I snapped
"She is a feisty one" he said
"Alright I'll get Ian and Wanda" I heard the man called Doc say. "And take that off her eyes Jessie"
He obeyed and I shut my eyes when light hit them. I opened and saw we were in a cave.
I saw humans bustling around and working. I stared at them. None of them paid attention to me.
But one blond girl who had a fake tan came up. She sneered at me and smiled at Jessie
"Jessie babe" she said
"Hey" he said.
She kissed him on the mouth and his eyes widened in surprise but he kissed her back
I looked away
"What is that doing here. It's bad enough we already have Wanda and Sunny" she said
"Wanda and Sunny aren't that bad. And we found it along the road." He said I clenched my teeth
"You should have just left her there to die" she whispered like I couldn't hear her
I turned and stared at them
"Why do you look like an orange?" I asked
Jessie threw his head back and roared with laughter. And the girls eyes widened and she fumed
"Stop laughing!!!" She snapped at him
He put his hand over his mouth but the laughter was still there
"Excuse me bitch. But if you say that again or come near Jessie or me I'll put you on your ass" she hissed I snorted
"Yeah thats what the harmless human says and I'm the one with the knife" I said her eyes flew to my hand
"So your suicidal?" She sneered as she gestured to my cuts
At that point some humans had started to crowd around us. One human male and a soul woman were there. They were obviously dating.
They must be the Ian and Wanda the doctor was talking about.
"Actually the bus I was on. I smashed the window with a box. Jumped out while the car was still moving. Getting cut with glass in the process. Into moving traffic. And walked for 3 days without food or water. Bitch" I said back
Silence
"Break it up" I heard someone say
I turned and saw a old man. He smiled at me
"Hello. I'm Jeb." He said. "What's your name?"
"Fighter Pierces" I said.
The soul girl stepped forward
"I'm-" I cut her off
"Wanda?" I asked she nodded and gave me a confused look. "Context clues"
She nodded she tried to step forward to me but something or someone held her back.
"Ian" she said looking up at him I looked at the boy next to her who held Wanda's waist ever so lightly
"I won't hurt her." I said. He nodded but stepped up with her