
He passed them out, and they happily started eating, and Al was almost glad for the silence. "Look! I got Dumbledore. Albus... Dumbledore." Al said. So this was who he was named after.
He looked very wise, and very powerful, but looks can be deceiving. This was Albus Dumbledore. The man Al's dad talked about with so much respect. How was he going to live up to this very wise man?
"You sound almost disappointed." Scorp said. "I have my secrets, you have yours. I just... May tell you in time." Al said, looking out the window.
But he wasn't looking at the scenery. He just couldn't face them. And he couldn't let Ro do her angelic voice. He might crack and tell. And if he did that they might tell his father, and then they'd pity him, and he did not like to be pitied.
"Chocolate?!" Bella sat up, looking around. "Uh! How do you always do that!" Scorp said, reluctantly giving her one of his Chocolate frogs.
"So what are these taffy tongues?" Scorp asked. "Ungle George's brand new candy. No one knows what it does yet." Al said. "You mean George, the founder of Weasley's Wizard Wheezes! Wait! Your a mum was a Weasley, of course your related to him. I love his shop." Scorp said.
"Oh! We probably should put our robes on! We'll be arriving at Hogwarts soon." Ro said. Soon everyone had their robes on, and the train was slowing down. Ro ate a taffy tongue, then said excitedly,  "Here we go!"
"Can you guys not mention that Bella's my sister." Scorp said. "Why not?" Missy asked. "In time I'll let you know. But I can't yet. Not now." Scorp replied, so everyone  agreed that she would be Bella Lamfyo.
"Firs' years, firs' years o'er here!" A tall gruff man called out. "Hagrid!" Al said, both Ro and him ran to the half giant. Scorp, Bella, and Missy followed close behind, so they wouldn't get lost in the crowd.
"Hello. Oh! Its you, Albus! And hello Rose. And who is- what is Malfoy's son doing with yer?" Hagrid asked. "He's our friend." Al said before Scorp could say anything.
"Friends with a Malfoy. I won't say anything. I will promise. Not gonna say nuthin'. So, who are these two?" Hagrid asked. "Missy Zindrakez, and Bella Lamfyo." Scorp said.
"Well we ought ter get going. Firs' years head this way, follow me." Hagrid said. Al soon felt the crowd pushing him away from his friends, so he linked his arms with Scorp's and Ro's, and they linked their to Missy and Bella.
Scorp was smiling brightly, and it seemed like everyone was curious as to who they were. They went in their own boat, and very soon they landed.
They got out, and went into the courtyard, then they were led to doors which Al assumed led to the great hall. "Hello first year students, welcome to Hogwarts! I am Professor Filéa, head of Hufflepuff house, and potions teacher. Through these doors is the great hall. If you would all please stand at the front until your name is called, then you will be sorted by the sorting hat! There are Hufflepuff, Griffindor, Slytherin, and Ravenclaw. Well, let's go!" Professor Filéa said.
The doors opened, and they all started walking, wondering what their house would be.