
The early morning sun casts its rays over the city, with beams of light poking through the window blinds. The spawn of Hell that is my alarm goes off, playing a particular song I like, "Violet" by Ital Tek, which awakens me. Another day has arrived.
Still half-asleep, I get out of bed and go to my walk-in closet, choosing a white suit with a black tie, grey shirt and black shoes to wear to work today. Careful not to wrinkle the material, I lay the clothes down on my bed, and set the shoes down by the foot of the bed, with a pair of socks.
Leaving my bedroom, I proceed down the hall and go into the bathroom for a morning shower. Undressing myself, I let my sleepwear fall to the floor and then step into my shower and close the shower door. Once I turn on the shower, I feel the relaxing hot water hit my body as I shampoo my hair.
Once I rinse out the shampoo, I get my lemon-scented body wash and work up a lather on my skin. Just like the shampoo, I step under the stream of hot water to rinse myself off, spending a few more minutes in the shower just to enjoy the hot water.
Finally turning off the water, I step out and dry myself with a couple of towels, before proceeding back to my bedroom to get dressed. Once I'm in my business suit for today, I get my phone and wallet, and proceed to the kitchen on my way. I decide to go with a quick breakfast of oatmeal and toast before I leave for work.
When I finish eating, I put my dishes in the empty dishwasher and then go through the large main room to the elevator. The building I live in is 41 stories tall, with a two-floor penthouse on the top floor, which is where I live.
The building itself is called Imperial Apartments, and is also owned by me as a side business to supplement my income. Costed a hell of a lot of money to construct, yeah, but after it was built new residents practically came in droves to fill the vacancies.
Once I got to the elevator, I pressed the call button, only to wait very briefly for it to arrive. Once I get inside, I press the button for the garage floor, where all of the residents park their cars.
One of the perks Imperial Apartments has is free 24/7 resident access to the parking garage, while many apartments in the city that own garages began to require their residents to pay a fee on their rent to use their garages.
One by one, the floor numbers go down, my mind starts to go adrift.
How many meetings do I have scheduled for today? How many are gonna be done at the last minute? How many are gonna cancel on me? How good is my company gonna do today? How many flights is my airline gonna have for this week? How many of the new cars that I ordered for my cab fleets will be delivered?
Questions flooded my mind the rest of the elevator ride down, only to snap back to reality as the elevator jolts to a stop. I hate it when the damn thing does that. I step out of the elevator, and look over the three parking spots that are marked as reserved for me.
In those parking spots is a yellow Chrysler 300C sedan, a dark blue Chevrolet Camaro and a purple Chevrolet Impala, all of which were bought brand-new. I'll go with the Chrysler, I decide as I walk to the 300, getting my keys for it out of my pocket.
I press a button which unlocks the car, the headlights flashing twice. Once I get inside, I buckle up and start the engine, its V8 quietly roaring to life. Shifting into drive, I pull out onto the road on my way to work.
*****
Once I arrived and parked my car, I took another elevator ride for today to my top-floor office at my company. Seems I have only two meetings scheduled for today. Well, if that's the case, I might just leave early and do the rest of my work today from home.