
Lizzie's POV
We walk in to Starbucks for the last day of summer of the year 2014. When we reach the cash register we order.
"A s'mores pronto!" I basically yelled
"May I get a vanilla bean frappé please?" Cameron asks
"I will have a double chocolate." Mason order
"Names please?" Jessica asks behind the counter
"Lizzie, Cameron, and Mason." Mason said quickly
Cameron bounced to a seat but not our usual seat.
*what does she think she's doing if someone is sitting in our seat we kick them out because we are the populars* (* mean thoughts inside the character)
"What do u think your doing!?" I raised my voice
"Sitting down got problem with that." She whispers
*never heard her like that she has never questioned me now I was mad*
I storm over to the girl that is sitting in our seat. I yank her earbuds out and yelled
" Hey!" I yell
She looks up at me wide eyed like a deer caught in headlights. She closes her laptop and takes a long slurp of her frappachino still starring at me figuring me out.
"Who do u think you are siting in our spot!" I yell
" Its a public place it's not YOUR spot unless u own the place I won't move." She shot back.
"Wow it looks like someone got some fire in her." Mason said from behind me.
"Butt out Mason!" I yelled
I turn around to see no Cameron.Nice now me and Mason are alone that's when I dropped it an walked to the seat where Cameron was sitting.
"Come sit its fine let her keep the seat." I sweetly said to Mason
Mason mumbled "ok."
"I have been thinking...... we had a pretty good summer, and now school is starting again so your going to be thinking too.... All the boys are going to wonder what girl you hooked up with this summer." I said smirking
"What are you talking about I didn't hook up with a girl,we are only seniors."
"I know." I said winking
"Ohhhh." he said playing stupid
"I have to ask u a serious question." I told him still smiling
" Ok what is it?" he asked
I did a little giggle with a twirl of my hair. "will you go out with me Mason?" I asked innocently
Mason looks astonished and said Cooly "sure!"