
I woke up to noises in mommies room so i got up. I went to mommies room and knocked with no response. "Mommy" I whispered through the door, "mommy are you up, I heard a noise". There was still no response I reached up to grab the door knob and opened the door. "Mommy are you up" I asked, walking into the room I stepped into a wet puddle. "Mommy why is there wet stuff on the floor," I paused to wait for an answer, "mommy" I said getting a bit worried. I went to the light switch and turned the light on only to be greeted by a bloody, gruesome scene. My eyes widened "mom.....my" I felt tears start coming out my eyes. I walked over to my parents bodies and started shaking them. "Mommy, daddy ya'll can stop playing now", I said "please, it's not funny please". I saw something red out of the corner of my eye and looked toward it. On my parents wall were the words 'GO TO SLEEP -JTK'. I started crying more and walked out my parents room. Walking down the stairs and out the front door. I walked to a neighbors house and knocked on the door. With no response I rang to doorbell multiple times. I saw lights in the house come on and thumping footsteps. The door opened to show Mr.Renolds "Freya what's on your nightgown?" he said surprised, I wiped my eyes "mommy a-and d-daddy are d-dead" i said and burst out crying. Mr. Renolds grabbed me and brought me inside calling for Mrs.Renolds to clean me up. Mr.Renolds called the police and they arrived in twenty minutes with the ambulance. The ambulance people went into my house and came out with my parents in black bags which they put in the back of the ambulance. The ambulance's drove away and a police man walked up to me. "Hello little girl, my name's Officer James, what's yours?" he asked, "my name's F-Freya" I said. "OK Freya, can you tell me what happened" said Officer James, I only told him what I knew, he nodded and asked if I had any living relatives and I said no. He said i had to live in an orphanage until I got adopted so I got in his car and he drove me to Nightdream Orphanage.