

Hola!
First, I just want to state before I get into this, that I'm in no way good at describing myself to anyone; so please bare with me as I try to do just that.
My name is Lucille Marie Prior, but some just call me Lucy. I have two older sisters, one of which is getting married in September. I have a cat named Noah, and he'll be eleven months July 12th. I'm currently single ( not by choice ) and live with my mom.
I listen to a lot of bands, but the main one I listen to goes by the name of Twenty-One Pilots. I also, have a huge cat fetish, though most people I know hate them. Acacia Clark is my baby, I love her with all of my heart and I sometimes claim she's my mom.
I hate soda, I love water and apple juice. I also have this habit of thinking I'm married to Chris Hemsworth, which I still believe. Chris loves me, but he keeps it a secret. Cactus's are currently the only plant I have, being that every plant I've ever owned has died from dehydration.
Most of you know me from the Teen Wolf account I had a while ago; but also, some of you may know me from the Hunger Games account I have now, and extra points to you, if you know me from both.
I first met Katlynn about...4 months ago, I believe. I'd started following her, she followed me back and posted on my message board that she liked my covers and I fell in love with her. We'd talked almost everyday since then and have grown to be each other's Dean and Sam. (I'm Sammy)
My favorite color is yellow, I hate Doritos because they smell like feet, my favorite candy is Mike & Ike's, and I share a birthday with Josh Hutcherson. My favorite Teen Wolf character is Isaac Lahey, I love Marvel from the Hunger Games, and Bruce Banner is my favorite ever. ( hulk is da bomb)
I don't watch The Flash, The Originals, The Vampire Diaries, IZombie, or any other show. I only watch Pretty Little Liars, Bates Motel, Awkward, and Teen Wolf. Sorry, but maybe Katlynn watches those and she can rant about them in her rants.
In conclusion, I'm Lucy, I'm fourteen, and I like to think I'm funny. I have been writing for 4 years or so, I have a Tumblr addiction, along with an McDonalds addiction as well. I enjoy funny and crazy comments that have nothing but CAPITOL letters in them.
That's all about me! Hopefully you enjoyed reading this, and don't worry, you'll figure more about me as this rant book goes on. But please, always comment! I love comments and they make me feel so good inside! (I'm looking at you Angel)
Love ya lots!
- Lucy.