
"Mr. Novak, your first meeting is in conference room four, just as you wanted," Julie, one of my assistants says to me as I proceed to my office.
"Good, good. In fifteen minutes, yeah?" I reply.
"Umm, no. It's at 10:45."
You mean I came here two hours early? Shit. Well, since I'm here I can always check out the new servers we had installed. So, I guess it wasn't a huge waste.
"Hey, Julie?" I say as she begins to walk out.
"Yes?" She asks.
"Can you get Walter? I wanna see the new servers. Want him to give me a tour of the new server room."
"Very well, sir. Oh, do you want your coffee?"
"Please."
She nods and walks out, the large double doors quietly slamming shut. Within a mere moment, Walter arrives, in his usual bright moods. "Good morning," I say to him.
"Good morning, sir," he replies. "So, you wanna see the new equipment?"
"Yeah. Let's do it."
I got up from my desk and followed him as we left my office. "It's two doors down on the left, room number 405."
He opened the door, and I lead us inside, my eyes peering at all the technology in this room.
"These machines were built to run off dual processors in the motherboard, sporting twelve cores per chip. The chips themselves are Opterons made by AMD."
I walked over to him as he opened the case to one of the machines. "How much information can these things hold?" I got quite curious, and wanted to know. After all, it is only fair a businessman know what his company is running, right?
"Each server holds eight hard disks that can carry three terabytes of data, so that's about... right at twenty-four Ts."
"Impressive," I murmur, as I examine the machine he opened up.
"Don't you think two chips on one motherboard is a bit overkill, though?" I glance at him, as I replace the panel he took off on the case.
"We've found that they are more capable of handling higher traffic than with the old servers. If everything goes smoothly, we'll have these installed at all of our offices."
"Oh, okay." Maybe he's a bit too tech-savvy for me. Pulling out my phone, I check the time. "Hey, I gotta go get ready for a meeting. I'll see you around, Walter."
"You, too, sir."
With that, I leave the room and peoceed to my office. Julie comes over to me with my coffee in a Styrofoam cup, as she was about to go to my office. "Here's your coffee, oh and the men you have your meeting with arrived early."
"Good. Let them know I'm free and I can start early."
"Very well, sir," she blinks her eyes twice at me really fast. She has a faint blush in her cheeks. "I'll go let them know."
I take a sip of my coffee, as I reroute myself to the conference room. Here's hoping this business meeting ain't so monotone it wants to put me to sleep. I've already had a previous week's meetings too many that were like that.
I straighten out my tie, and take a deep breath. Showtime, Novak, I said to myself. I opened the door to the conference room and stepped inside, ready to start talking business.