
The screech of the heart monitor called it. She was dead. A mother, wife and sister, gone. Close relatives gathered around her death bed to grieve together, as a family. Tears stained the faces of her mother, father, brother, sisters, and her children. They were all convinced that she was in a better, much happier, place.
This was not the first death in the family, for the month. There was Great Aunt Riley, Grandpa Ronnie, and now Aunt Debby. It seemed that every week there was a new death in the family. Many people has come to believe that the family is cursed.
'Don't go near that house. If you do your gonna die.'
'I would hate to be anyone who marries into that family.'
'Demons! Demons! They're all Demons!'
It was hard on everyone in the family. Everyday they would walk out the front door only to receive death glares. It was especially hard on Kate. Kate was a hard working junior in Monroe High School. Day after day at school she would see people whisper, their eyes full of hate. Kate never asked for all the hate, nor did she ask to live in such a cursed family, she was simply born into it.
"A+ once again Miss Woods!" Mr. Henry exclaimed as he set down another test Kate has passed. The girl gave a small smile and a appreciative nod.
Mr. Henry was the only person in Monroe High that did not scold Kate and her life, in fact he told her to embrace it.
'We are not defined by the things that happens to us, we are defined by the way we make things happen. People say things that may hurt you, but if you can't change what happened what's the whole point of listening to those words that hurt.'
Mr. Henry was an inspiration to Kate. He never listened to all the hate and disappointment he received for being gay, he simply smiled and nodded.
Kate played with the ends of her midnight black hair as she read her favorite book: ' To Kill a Mockingbird' It was a timeless classic that excited her no matter how many times she read it. Her favorite character by far was Atticus Finch; he was level-headed and a voice of reason.
"Alright class today we will be creating a bucket list. For those who do not know what a bucket list is, it a list of all the things that you want to achieve before you die."  Mr. Henry's eyes gleamed. A blonde haired and green eyed boy raised his hand.
"Why do we have to do this? This is stupid!" He huffed. Mr. Henry chuckled.
"If having dreams and setting goals are 'stupid' to you then how will you live life with no dreams better yet how would someone want to date someone with no dreams." Pointed out Mr. Henry. A series of 'ohhhhhhhh's filled the class room while Dylan was beet red and fuming. "Now since there are no further questions begin your list."