
There is an anxious silence in the household this morning. I can feel the uneasiness seeping into my bones as I groggily trudge down the stairs, making my way into the kitchen for breakfast. A note on the fridge from my parents states that they have already left for work, and that there are pancakes in the fridge, ready to eat. I decide to save them for my sister.
Hmm... something light, I think, not wanting to mix a nervous stomach and heavy food... because there is a good chance that, if I did, I'd feel like retching later. And nobody wants to feel sick on their first day at a new school, right?
After finally eating a bowlful of mixed berries, and steeping a mug of green tea, I then heat up the pancakes from the fridge, grab my drink, and head up the stairs. When I reach the top and start descending down the hall, I stop at the room of my, still sleeping, younger sibling.
"Whitney!" I shout, rapping on the door loudly. I hear a groan and the rustling of blankets as I picture my 12-year-old sister rolling over to look at her clock.
"It's 5:45 in the morning!" she croaks, her voice just barely audible through the thick oak door.
"Yes, yes it is." I reply with animated exasperation. "You'll be thanking me an hour and a half from now when we leave and you realize that if I hadn't, you would've slept in and been late." I feel the slight vibration of footsteps, and the door in front of me opens. I stifle a laugh at the sight of my sister'; her mid-length, light brown hair is tangled and sticking out in all directions, and her t-shirt, which is at least 3 sizes too big on her lean, skinny frame,  is wrinkled, and her black leggings are pushed up to her knee on her right leg. Her hands are on her hips and she is squinting at me with the most comical of expressions.
"What?" she demands.
"Nothing." I quickly say back, wiping off the slight smile that had found itself on my face. She glares at me, unconvinced. "There are pancakes ready for you downstairs." I change the subject. Her eyes widen and she smiles brightly, then rushes past me and down the hall. "The maple syrup is on the left in the middle shelf of the pantry! And the butter is on the counter, might need to throw it in the microwave for about 15 seconds to soften it!" I call out.
"Okay!" she shouts back, already down the stairs.
I go to my bedroom, shut the door, and open my closet. Then, standing in front of it, sipping my tea and feeling the sleepiness leave my brain, I stare at it's contents, once again rethinking my outfit, hair, and makeup. This could be a difficult morning.





