
Jordan POV~
Great. Another day. Another city. But this time I'm kinda happy for. LA. Where dreams come true. Just kidding. I'm 17 and don't have dreams yet. People in Toronto are weird. They look at you funny if you wear shorts in winter. Like whatever. I'll wear what I wanna wear man. Oh. Maybe I should introduce myself. I'm Jordan. Jordan Angelo. I have 1 sister and 1 brother. Madi Angelo who is obsessed with Shawn Mendes and is 16. My older brother Tyler Angelo who likes Surfing and dirt biking. He's 19. And I'm not surprised that he hasn't moved out yet. He's very, how do you say it, oh yah... Stubborn and self-centred. But then again so is Madi.
"Hurry up sweetie we have to be at the airport to leave for LA in 20 minutes. Bring your stuff to Tyler and he'll put it in the car." My mom yelled up the stairs.Wow Tyler helping others? Did hell freeze over? Is he being bribed? Never mind. Let's not question it and let's take advantage of it!
"Tyler? TYLER!" He just looks up at me with a confused look on his face. "What?" He mumbled. Wow he's stupid."Go take my bags to the car pleaaase.""Kay..." He said dragging out the 'y'. Maybe he's changing. Him changing is for the better of everyone. I love him and all but he's a pain in the arse and he never ever gets to his job on time. Like c'mon buddy! Pick up the slack. "ITS TIME TO GO! DONT FORGET ANYTHING BECAUSE WERE NOT LEAVING LA" My mom yells. Yeah she always says we're staying there. She said that about Toronto and look what we're doing now. Moving. To. LA.
~Skip plane ride~
I should text Kayla. She's probably worried sick. Kayla is my best friend and I love her to death. She didn't want me to move but I didn't have a choice. My mom is always on the move for her job.
To Kayla: Just landed. love and miss you tons.
I just waited for a few minutes till my mom and Tyler got up & my phone buzzed.
From Kayla: Toronto is so boring without you. Don't meet Cameron without me bum;) Love and miss you too loser❤️ But gtg cuz I actually go to school. Bye FaceTime me later!
With that I just put my phone away. I'm super tired so I just let sleep takeover my body.
~Next day~
I wake up in a fully furnished room. How did they do that? When did they do that? Wow it sure is beautiful tho.Well I'm going to discover LA on my penny board.
"Mom, I'm going out for a bit." "Okay hun be safe-" "Ya mhm. Bye." I cut her off before she started her new environment speech. Wow LA is stunning. So many cute boys with rocking bodies, and so many beautiful beaches. Before I knew it I was knocked off my board and fell on my butt.
Wow this boys very cute. He's got perfect blue eyes. The kind of blue that matches the ocean.
"Why thank you." he chuckled"Pardon me?" I shyly respond"You were saying how my blue eyes matched the ocean and how I was so cute" He giggled"Damn" I mumbled. Can't friggen believe I said that out loud!
He helped me up. Boy was he strong. "Well let's restart this. Hey beautiful I'm Nash- You are?" He said with a smirk."Jordan. Jordan Angelo. Just moved here from Toronto actually." I laugh a bit while shaking his soft - soft hands."Well I should get going. I probably have my mom worried sick. So see you around Nash." I continued.
"Wait- Jordan. Can I uh- maybe, get your phone number so I can text you?" He asked nervously scratching the back of his neck. I just nod my head. We exchange numbers and within 2 minutes of boarding, I get a text from Hottest boy alive👀💙 Cleaver name Nash. Cleaver name.
From Hottest Boy Alive; Hey wanna hangout tomorrow so you can meet my friends?
Woah. So I barely know the kid and he's already giving me hookups. I like him.