
Nick
I woke up stretching my arms as I woke up. I was the first up, that's normal. My band mates Dylan, Freddy and Charlie were sleeping peacefully well Dylan and Charlie were, Freddy snores loud as hell. I got changed and walked into the kitchen. We were currently going to our next concert. Then afterwards we were allowed some time off, finally a month to see Gran and Granpa I missed them. I'll get to see Eve again. I still remember her she was one of my closest friends to me as a child and then there's also Jack my best mate as a kid god I can't wait to see them. As I poured myself a coffee, Freddy lumbered in, he was the typical bad boy of the group on his chest was some quote in Latin and he had a tattoo of some armour on his shoulder then on his other shoulder was ying yang symbol.
"Final concert before time off" I exclaim, Freddy simply fist bumps the air as he opened the fridge door. The bus rocked a bit
"good cus I can't wait to finally live in a place that's stable" he moaned. Freddy also our ray of sunshine. Freddy sat across me as he jugged the pint of milk "so you looking forward to going back to seeing your family" Freddy stated, I nodded
"Yeah I'm excited what about you?" I answer
"Of course I am, I can finally have some fun with a girl" Freddy replied, I face palmed. Yeah bad boy/player. He finished off the pint of milk "what?"
"Dyl's gonna kill you not only for drinking milk straight out the bottle but for finishing the milk" I warn him
"Don't worry about me it's only Dylan" Freddy assured
"I CAN HEAR YOU" Dylan yelled "oh an jokes on you Fred, the milk went off the day before yesterday" Dylan added. I burst out in laughter as Freddy began to puke into the bin. Dylan came out "HA Karma's a bitch" Dylan told Freddy. Freddy shook his head
"OK Dyl I get it, we mates again?"
"Of course" Dylan assured him as he patted his back.  Dylan nodded to me "Can't wait to see my little sister and dad, God I missed them" Dylan exclaimed
"I can't believe we're neighbours" Freddy muttered. Freddy and Dylan lived with their families in the same apartment buildings. Freddy was on the top floor and Dylan was on the fifth floor. Suddenly Charlie slid into the kitchen in nothing but his boxers and a dressing gown
"GOOD MORNING TEENAGE KNIGHTS" He boomed, Dylan was the happy go lucky member of the group he's also the youngest. We chatted around the table before we came to a stop. We were at the venue  the concert wasn't going to start until 8:30pm but there were already fans lining up outside. The great thing about the venue is that it's not that far from where I live. All of us live in the London but different parts. I come from the rural area outside London it village called Riverside, Freddy and Dylan lived in the centre of London whilst Charlie lived near Bell Wharf beach.
As we watched TV suddenly Keith walked in, he was our manager and quite frankly a bit weird. He had a huge red afro and he always wore pink tinted glasses. He was talking on the phone
"NO I told you my boys need some time to rest their beautiful voices, they'll be gone for a month at least" he argued "NO don't you talk to me like that good bye you prick" he snapped. Keith slammed his fist against the table
"You ok Keith?" I asked, he smiled
"I am thank you Nicky now why don't you tour the venue?" Keith suggested
"YAY" Charlie boomed as he shot out the bus
"Great now we have to find him" Freddy moaned,  Dylan huffed as he brought out his phone
"How do you always forget his phone GPS" Dylan asked.