
I wake up to my blaring alarm clock, a reminder that I have to go through another dreadful day. Another day of beatings, cutting, and school.
I have abusers as parents. They don't care about anything to do with me. They don't care that I self harm. They see the scars, and just don't care or talk about it. They've gotten me into severe depression, and suicidal thoughts.
My father physically beats me, while my mother mentally does, you're worthless is all I hear from my mother's mouth, while my dad hits my hard with his belt. Whipping me over and over. Of course I ball my eyes out while this is taking place, wishing I was never alive.
I finally get enough strength to pull myself up out of bed. I shuffle my small feet on the cold, hardwood floor making my way to the bathroom.
I shift my eyes to the mirror only to find a short, skinny girl with long dark brown wavy hair, that girl is me. I grip my brush and start to brush my hair.
My dark gray eyes meet the ones in my reflection as I stare at my flaws. My little scar on my cheek from a biking accident, a couple bruises from my dad, and scraps. I finish the last knot in my hair and pull out my concealer and makeup brush.
I cover up all of the bruises  and cuts as much as I can because if anyone found out about my abusive parents, they'll try to do something about it. And then my parents will get really mad at me and beat me more than usual.
My mom startled me by banging on the locked door telling me that my bus will be here in the next two minutes.
I rushed to get dressed. I threw on worn out skinny jeans with a baggy sweater to cover up my scars. It was about mid fall so the outfit was appropriate.
I skipped breakfast and ran out of the door to my bus stop. The bus was waiting for me and I boarded right away. All eyes were on me, I was breathing heavily. People did the usual point and giggle at me, I call it usual because I'm used to it now. It is sad to know that people laugh at you and talk behind your back, and you don't even care anymore because it's happened so much. You just get used to it.
I found a seat and tossed my torn backpack on the seat next to me. I pulled out my phone and turned on my music.
My favorite singer is this guy Shawn Mendes. His first single Life Of The Party just came out yesterday, and I haven't stopped listening to it. I listen to it on repeat until we arrive at school.
I get off of the bus and walk to the ain school entrance. The principal walks past me and says "Good morning Anna" I force a smile and keep walking towards my locker.
I look at what I had first period, I ran my slender, tiny finger down the paper schedule. I sighed in frustration, I have math. I grab ahold of my math textbook and make my way to room 222, Mrs. Anderson's class.
She scolds me as I walk in the cold classroom and to my desk. I place down my books and the class slowly starts to fill up with students. I put my feet up on the desk. "Anna, this is not your house. You cannot place your feet on the desk" Mrs. Anderson states sternly to me.
"But what if I don't want to place my feet on the ground?" I retort. "Oh Anna, really?" She says as she inches towards me with her ruler in hand, smacking against her free hand. "Do you really want to go down this road with me?" She adds.
"I don't see a road,what are you talking about?" I giggle at my comeback. She points to the door expecting me to listen. "What about the door?" I ask.
"Don't let it hit you on the way out" she snaps. The class does that weird "oooohhhh" thing. My cheeks turn bright red as I slowly make my way to the principles office.