
"What this time?" The secretary asks as I sit down. "Oh just talking back" I say calmly. I don't really care about what the school does to punish me. I mean, as long as it's not beating me, I'm happy with it.
They've never called my parents on me before, and I doubt they will now, so I'm not worried. "Your wait is about 30 minutes Anna" the secretary says while staring at her computer and keyboard typing.
After about 15 minutes, I hear the door open. I glance over at the door and there is a tall, handsome, brown haired boy walking into the office and sits about 1 seat away from me. I started to get nervous because he was freaking hot. I mean, he was okay.
I could feel his eyes checking me out up and down, still saying nothing to me. I admit, I glanced a time or two at his biceps, okay, maybe four or five. But I couldn't help myself.
After about 5 minutes of silence... "Hi, I'm Shawn" he holds out his large hand for a hand shake. I take it and shake his hand "hi, I'm Anna" I say awkwardly.
Wait a minute here, his name is Shawn. Shawn?! No way. I mean I've never seen Shawn Mendes's picture before, so I don't know what he looks like.  Could it be him? "Do you mind me asking, what is your last name?" I ask. "Mendes, Shawn Mendes" he replies shooting me a smile.
I try my best not to fangirl over him, I love his voice, he's so talented. Not to mention his body, like hot damn.
"So, you're the guy that sings Life Of The Party?" I ask trying to be cool. "Well, yeah I guess you can say it that way" he chuckles at my awkwardness.
"You're voice is amazing" I spill. "Oh well thank you!" He replies with a beautiful smile.
"Anna MacKenzie" the principal shouts. "That's me" I glance at Shawn. "Well, see you around" he says. I walk to the office and sit down.
"So, talking back again huh?" He says as he makes his way to his big office chair. "Yeah, again" I respond twiddling my thumbs. "Anna, this has happened too many times. We have to call your parents" I went weak knowing that if they call my parents, I'm in for a not so pleasant surprise at home.
"But sir..." I plead " Anna, we have to. You have caused too many problems" he says sternly to me. "What else can I do?" I beg
"we can give you a suspension instead" I sigh in relief. But where am I going to go? I'll think about it later. "Okay, for how long?" I ask curiously. "Three days" he responds. I nod and walk out of his office.
Shawn gets called in next. He hands me a price of paper while walking by me. "Give me a call. 613-867-5463" his phone number?! I quickly add his contact and I decide I'll text him after. I just got The Shawn Mendes' phone number. Wow.