
Taylor POV~ (OH DIDNT SEE THAT COMING DID YOU)
Jordan said before she left she would introduce us to her sister Madi and Madi's best friend Kenzie. Kenzie Morrison. She said Madi has light brown hair with blonde streaks. She has honey colour eyes. She's about 5'10 so she's tall but not as tall as me. She's about Cameron's height. She sounds beautiful. All of a sudden,
*knock knock*
I open it up to see Jordan, Madi and Kenzie.
"Hey I'm Kenzie!!" a cute blonde said."Hey, I'm Taylor!!" I said mocking her.
"Uh hi I'm Madi." A shy brunette said shyly. "Uh hi I'm Taylor" I said laughing
Well Madi's quite the babe. I think I might develop feelings very quickly. But I heard she's in love with Shawn.. Hmm. Who knows. Hey maybe I should tell them about us leaving for Magcon next Monday. "hey guys, well girls, I should tell you something-, well there's this event called Magcon. Stands for Meet and Greet Convention and I wanted to know if it's alright with the manager Bart, if you'd like to come with us!"
Jordan's POV~ (pic to the side is Jordan)
Did he seriously just ask us to Magcon?!
"Yes!! I'd love to go to Tay-Tay! Can my girls come too?"
"Yeah I mean of course if they want to be stuck with 10 boys for 2 weeks!" he let's out a chuckle
"10? Damn who's all going?" I ask nervously
"Myself, Hayes Nash's little brother, Nash, Aaron, Jack J, Jack G, Jacob,Brent,Carter and Matt" Taylor said in one breath.
"IM IN!"Yelled by Madi
After he said that Nash walks in. Wow does he just walk in with everyone? Woah he looks really cute. He's wearing cream coloured jeans , a blue button up plaid shirt and black vans. Might I add when he sat beside me I felt butterfly's and kinda good at the same time? He also smells really good! Good job Nash!
Why was he all dressed up anyways?Let's ask him. "So Nash, why you all dressed up nice nice?" I said with a flirty tone and a smirk."I have a date Jordan" He snapped.
Nash POV~
I don't know why I snapped at her. I just want to make her jealous. God I love that girl.
I'm only going on that date to piss off Jordan and make her jealous. Maybe it will make her like me. Ugh I hope so.
Jordan POV~
Knowing he's taking someone else on a date that isn't me is making me very upset to be honest. I want to cry but I'll just plaster a fake smile to my face like I do every other day.