
( suki pov)
long time ago before people could have powers, there were only normal people that lived in harmony with the creatures of the world, even the demons and monsters befriended the humans. But one day the greek goddess Hera, gave birth to the most hideous, disgusting, and evil child named adramelech. This infant wasn't a normal child, he was born of a demon, too dangerous to keep him on mount Olympus. So the gods decided to put him on earth. Bad idea. The demon killed and ate almost all the humans, that is until the gods put him into a deep sleep. But Hera didn't want her own child sleeping forever. So she made a promise that every 100 Years, her son would wake up and kill 1000 people. But if humans can kill him, it would get rid of this demon once and for all. There was just one problem, human were weak and probably wouldn't be able to defeat a Demon. Zeus the king of all gods granted powers to eight young adults that would fight and hopefully kill adramelech. But each time humans tried, they always failed. This problem was going on for century's, everyone gave up hope, they can never kill this demon, nobody can.
it was now the 20th century, nobody ever thought who the next powerful eight would be, so people didn't worry that much about adramelech. People started calming down and living their life. My mother, Nabiki, was young and beautiful women owning her mothers shop which is where she worked at the time. My mother never thought about marriage or having children, she enjoyed working at the shop. But this all changed when one day a letter from a man named usui onix came in the mail. The letter said that nabiki and her mother were invited to a marriage review. My mother was forced to go to this marriage proposal. There she met a handsome young man. He had black hair, beautiful brown eyes and he was wearing a karate outfit with a black belt. Nabiki knew then, this man didn't like her at all. His glare was enough to break a window, this man seemed pissed off, he did not like my mother. But luck isnt always with my mother, 2 months later, my mother married this man which his name was usui. Usui was a karate teacher, they owned a dojo, usui taught karate to young kids while nabiki stayed and cleaned the house. One morning, while nabiki was out shopping, she saw a handsome man with white hair. My mother found it strange for a young man to have white hair at such a young age. This man was watching the tv outside of a electronics store. His gaze didn't leave the tv, until nabiki walked pass. He gazed at my mother and gave a warming smile. She smiled and stopped to talk to this strange kind man. Little did my mother know that this man was the god Zeus in human form. My mother fell in love with this man which she didn't know was Zeus. Zeus tricked my mom into thinking his name was joe. My mom and 'joe' dated for a while, sadly my mom didn't see this man right after she became pregnant with me. I was born on a stormy day in July, with black hair and green eyes. I looked like my dad except for the green eyes, which none of my family members had. My father was alittle disappointed, for he wanted a son to be born first. Instead I came as a girl. I had no idea what was in my future or did I...