
*Mia's P.O.V*
My sister Jade and I were both coming back from the mall where I got my brand new teddy bear named Olly. I held him to my chest as the pouring rain started to drizzle the windshield. My sister squinted as she was going at least ten miles per hour down the road.
I heard my sister curse under her breath. "No swearin!" I yelled as I pointed my finger at her and glared at her. She rolled her eyes at me. "I didn't swear Mia. I swear you hear things sometimes." She mumbled. "No you said bad words Jadey!" I yelled.
Jade closed her eyes and opened them again and looked at me. Her blue eyes were dulled a bit. She looked tired. She rubbed her forehead and glanced back at the road. "Alright fine yes I did say a couple bad words but you are not to repeat them you hear me?" She asked me and sighed as I nodded.
"Alright good how about we make some cookies when we get home?" She asked me as I smiled at her. I started bouncing in my seat happily as I squealed in excitement. Jade chuckled at me and shook her head. "You are something Mia." She said.
I didn't understand what she meant so I just stuck my tongue out at her. She laughed and than I heard a car horn with headlights in front of us. Jade screamed and jerked the wheel hard enough I hit my head off the window.
I cried out and held the right side of my head and I felt hot sticky stuff. Than I felt my body emerge itself forward as I hit my head off the dashboard as the glass from the windshield shattered itself all over me. The shards stuck into my neck and some on my cheeks.
I started crying as Jade was shaking off the glass from her body. "Shhhh. Don't cry Mia I'm right here." She whispered to me. She unbuckled herself from her seat and shoved her door open and hopped out shakily. I started to see black dots as I am losing my breath. "Unlock the door." She said.
I tried so hard to move but I couldn't. "Mia!" My sister screamed. She banged on the window desperate to get my attention. "C'mon Mia you can do this." I heard my sister begging. I felt my body unwilling to move. "Mia please!" She wailed out.
I felt tears start to blur across my eyes. "C'mon child breathe." I heard a man whisper into my mind. I started to feel my chest move and warmth surround me. I gasped for air as I felt myself go towards the door and unlock it. Jade instantly open the door so hard it almost fell off.
"Mia stay with me okay." She whispered into my ear as she unbuckled me and my body drooped. I felt pain all over as she tried to lift me up. I cried out as she kept moving as slowly as possible. "Mia don't close your eyes." She whispered as she sat down in the ground with my body on her lap.
"Mia please stay with me." She choked out as tears ran down her face. "Please someone help!" She wailed out. I felt myself falling deeper and deeper I went. "Mia!" My sister screamed as I felt my body begin to fall into darkness. I couldn't see anything but I could still hear my surroundings. "Mia c'mon please I can't fucking lose you too!" She screamed and I felt her shake my body.
I wanted to tighten all my muscles and scream but I was so numb. "SOMEONE HELP US!" My sister kept screaming. "Please." She whispered desperately. "Please don't take Mia from me too, please." I heard her beg. "Open your eyes child." I heard the man again tell me. I felt my body warm up all over again. My eyes slowly opened barley hanging in there.
And than out of nowhere a man appeared before us. My sister was crying barley noticing the stranger. I kept staring at him. His eyes were pure black. But for some reason I felt so safe in them. "Please help her." I heard my sister wail out. I saw the man looked down at me with a pained expression. "You must make a deal with me." The man said still keeping his eyes on me intensely.