
"Hah, that's a nice one, Stoomoo." I slapped Starmine's back and laughed at his horrible joke. Wasn't that what friends are for? "Hehe, Moon, that joke is really horrible. I'm disappointed." Starmine giggled and shifted slightly in his seat, wanting to get closer. I placed my hand under his chin and lifted, looked into his eyes and did the best sexy face me in my drunken could make. Star took the invite and sat in my lap and looked up at me with his ocean blue eyes. I was about to kiss him but the booming sound of fireworks in the background startled me, I jumped and stood up. "Oh, I forgot I needed to pee." "Uh, ok." I ran off into the nearby parking lot, I was about to unbuckle my pants when I realized there was people around and I ran off again, this time into the dark, deep, forest.
~~~~~~~"I like turtles"~~~~~~
"Pfft, You're so cute." Wear blushed deeply as I pinched at his cheeks, followed by Lenergy as he did the same on the opposite cheek. Wear was really fun to tease, despite hanging out with Jersey almost everyday he was surprisingly innocent. Jersey does like his boys inexperienced. "I just want to hug you, and hug you, and hug you, and-" Lenergy wrapped his arms around Wear, which Wear responded by pushing him off onto the frozen ground. "O-Ow!" "Hahah, PUSSY!" Renergy laughed and pointed at her brother from behind as his fragile body hit the ground. As if some demon had been spawned as she pointed, she tripped on air. "Haha!" Wear took out his phone and turned on the flashlight and pointed it at Lenergy, perhaps looking to see if he had any serious wounds of some sorts. Len looked at himself and poked an open wound "Ewww!" He shrieked. "We need to find something to help it heal....We could track back to the city if you wanted?" Wear let out his hand and let Lener take it, he pulled on it, stood up and took a look around. "OHOHOH! I see some light over there! Lener pointed behind where Rener was, where a faint yellow light could be seen. Without any words, the party of 4 ran to the source.
~~~~~~"Don't you stare at me like that, You're such a creep!"~~~~~~
"Aaaaah, MOMMY!" I cried out for help, my bladder could not take it anymore. I was urged to just to do it beside a tree or something but I learned better than that. I learned class! Whining, I just let my body relax. And by relax I mean collapse onto the ground. What will Starmine think? I got up, but I fell back onto the ground again when something rubbed against my head. Looking around, I realized I rubbed my head on a rather large shack thing. letting out a sigh, I waddled over to the other side of said shack to open the door, but I was again stopped by a young male's voice. "Ah! More visitors! Come on in, the wizard will take care of you." A hand was placed on my shoulder and I looked up, and before me was a man wearing a sleeveless leather V-Neck with matching booty shorts. "WTF! I need to peeee!" He grabbed my hand and lead me into his shack, which the inside was decorated with a pole and various lights which all shone different colours. "Who are you?" I asked with a annoyed tone. "Do you not listen? I am the Fabulous, Magical Wizard Punkish!"
"dafuq"
Send help