
The entire classroom feel dead silent as everyone concentrated on making a list, even Dylan was silent. Kate bowed her head as she lightly chewed on the end of her pencil thinking of what to write.
Kate Woods																	1st Period																		3/23/18My Bucket List.
1. To be content with my life2. For everyone to judge me by my actions not the actions others make for me3. To travel to Greece and Rome4. To see a Fall Out Boy concert5. To be successful6. For my children to have a better life than my own.7. To live a full and loving life8. Go to DisneyWorld/Disneyland9. To collect all of my favorite books/movies for my children to learn from10. To write one book
Content filled Kate's heart as she wrote her bucket list. These were all things that she could accomplish if she tired to. A grin crept it's way onto her face as she daydreamed actually accomplishing these things.
"Alright times up. Everyone pass your papers upfront. Would anyone like to share." Mr. Henry's hazel eyes pleaded with Kate to speak up, but as always she shyied away.
"Mr. Henry I would like to share," Stated Rose, who was a cheerleader and an aspiring actress. "In my bucket list I put that I want to become an award winning actress, have a great family, and for my children to live the way they want to." Claps erupted all around the classroom as she sat down.
More people volunteered, but most of them had goals out of their league and wild. Kate sat silently in the back of the room listening to everyone's goals. A piece of paper stuck out of her jacket pocket; she took it out and read.
I hope that you can achieve all of your goals. They were the most realistic. :) 																-Mr. Henry	She smiled at his kind gesture and stashed the paper away in her jean pocket. Kate reopened ' To Kill a Mockingbird'  and picked up where she left off, little did she know that tomorrow she would attend yet another funeral.
A/n 	Did you guys like the first chapter! I know I liked writing it Lol. Well keep on reading beauties.