
------------------Hours later------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
After the concert I packed my bags. Suddenly there was a knock at the bus door, Dylan answered
"Hey Mark" Dylan greeted. Mar was our head of security
"Hey Dylan sorry about disturbing you but these two people just want to see Nick" Mark answered. I walked out as I heard my name. I peered over Dylan's shoulder to see Gran and Grampa. I pushed Dylan out of the way. I hugged my grand parents tightly, suddenly Gran flicked my head
"ow" I moaned
"You shouldn't push people over Nicky" she scolded before hugging me again. As I finished packing I said my good byes to the others
"See you guys soon ok" I told them all, they all nodded before I left with my grandparents. It was good to get back to the countryside. Fresh air, Calm and quiet I missed this serenity. I couldn't wait to see Eve and Jack the last time I saw them was 5 years ago. Jack and I were the geeks and stuff and so was Eve with her tight buns and baggy clothes. Granpa parked outside of our cottage on the outskirts of Riverside.
I dumped my bag onto my bed
"NICKY, CAN YOU GO INTO TOWN AND GET SOME MILK PLEASE" Gran called, I chuckled as I raced downstairs
"Ok Gran, I'll be back in a bit" I tell her. I entered Mrs O'Berry's shop when I noticed two figures in the corner of the shop. A girl with cascading red hair and a boy both around me age.
"I can't wait to see Nick" the girl exclaimed
"Me too but I swear to God if he tries anything with my little Eve..." the boy spoke
"Don't worry I won't I assure him" they both spun around, Eve smiled at me
"NICK" she beamed as she hugged me "welcome back"
"Hey Nick" Jack greeted, we then had a man hug "good to have you back"
"good to be back, are you guys..." I started, Jack swung his arm onto Eve's shoulders
"Yeah man" he answered. Eve gave a soft smile, something was bugging me I don't know something in her eyes suggest she was sad but I ignored it. We spent the rest of the day hanging out. Suddenly Jack's phone was ringing "sorry guys I have to go, see ya" he chirped before leaving. He's changed a lot since we were twelve he seems a bit more of a jerk. Eve looked beautiful, I've never seen her with her hair down and she didn't wear much make up only a bit of mascara but she just looked well magnificent. WAIT I can't think like this, Eve is Jack's girlfriend.
"so how's life as a pop star?" Eve asked
"Brilliant but I miss this place a lot" I answer he, she nods before hugging her knees
"So what are your mates like?" she asked
"Dylan the responsible one, Freddy badass and Charlie happy go lucky" I answered
"they sound cool" she replied
Half way into out conversation I mention a memory
"Do you remember that time I nearly drowned in the river" I asked her, she nodded
"yeah you had us all worried when you weren't breathing" she answered. I smiled softly at her
"But you saved my life" I thanked her, she blushed. I remember the memory so clearly, it was in the summer. We were playing by the river, Jack, Eve and I. I wasn't the strongest swimmer at the time but I followed Jack and jumped in the deep end anyway. I remember gulping so much water and then everything went black. Then when I closed my eyes I saw Eve's face above mine as I coughed out some water. Eve's mum was the village GP so she knew CPR.