
"I will always love you, Lou, even when you cannot love yourself." Harry's voice whispered to the beautiful boy who had been his everything since they met five years ago. They were perfect for eachother and everyone knew it but just because dreams come true doesn't mean they'll last very long. That's something Harry found out as he stared into his boyfriends eyes, they were so life less now and Harry remembered when they were so bright and happy. It was his favorite feature of Louis.
Louis smiled one last time at Harry and let go off his strong grip on Harry's hand. Then he whimpered a quiet, "I love you."
Beeeeeeep!
The horrendous sound startled Harold, and for a second he didn't know what was happening, but soon the nurses and doctors rushed in to save his boyfriend.
Yet Harry knew Louis couldn't be saved as he remembered Louis once said, "You can't fix what's been broken. You really can't."
-end- x
--I gasped at the tragic ending of my beloved fanfic. The one I have been reading for two months now as it had 100 chapters, I read many though so that could be another excuse. Tears were threatening to spill and I tried pulling myself together and luckily succeed.
I laid back in my booth chair and looked around. Everyone was smiling or talking with old friends and I was sat here wondering why the hell did the writer cause me so much pain?! This is why I shouldn't read fanfics as I get too emotionally attached to the characters.
The good thing is I could message them from the app, so I did. As politely as I could. All I needed was answers. Wow, I feel like Hazel right about now.
I clicked on the writers url which was hood1996. Original. There was the 'message hood1996' box and I clicked on it and quickly wrote something.
To; hood1996seriously? I spent half my summer reading this book and cried about a river of tears and it ends with that? A depressing ass line from chapter one, of something that Louis said to Harry before? I can't even..smh
After shutting off my phone I look up at the familiar ring of a bell. A boy had entered the shop and I see he was on his phone, and by the look on his face he looked quite surprised. I see he typed something and went to order.
After he is done he turns around and our eyes meet, and I see pretty brown eyes along with a flawless smile. Come on Luke, get it together!
Before I know it he is coming to my booth and sits right in front of me. He sure is confident.
"Hi."
"H-hey."
I heard a ding of my phone and I pull it out muttering an "excuse me". I see it was from the writer aka bad username1996.
From; hood1996didn't know people took it that hard, anyways sorry for your feels babe:)
I scoff at the message and write a simple, "Yeah, whatever." before slipped it back into my pocket and looking up at the boy.
"I'm Calum." He said brightly.
"Luke--" I was cut off by Calum looking down and sighing, reaching for the phone in his pocket.
"Sorry, this person keeps messaging me about a book I wrote." He says without answering my message.
"That's me." I blurt out.
"You're luke_is_a_penguin?" Calum asked.
"Hey, you're the one who writes gay fanfiction."