
"If I remember correctly, you started it," I retaliated, rubbing light pink blusher onto my cheeks with a large black brush. "And, anyway, you should me thanking me. It's a chance to start over. We could create ourselves a new reputation, a new identity. I guarantee you, everyone will love us."
"I don't want everyone to love me," Katy said as she sat up, dragging her long, red hair behind her. "I just want to get through school will good exam results, go to college and get a well-paying job."
"Nerd," I joked. I started to place mascara gently on my eyelids. "I'll just get invited to a bunch of parties and have boys chasing after me and actually get noticed without you."
"You don't have to dress like a slut to get noticed. You're pretty enough."
I couldn't disagree with her. I was pretty. I knew I was pretty, but I think that scared boys away. I had naturally blonde hair, which guys liked for some reason. I personally preferred Katy's red hair, but that was just my opinion. I also envied Katy's blue eyes and petite nose, and just her face in general, but people seem to like mine better for some reason. And I wasn't exactly dressed like a slut. I was just wearing a low cut stripy top with tight, figure hugging, flattering, blue jeans and black wedges. Nothing too complicated.
"Aw, you think I'm pretty?" I mocked. "And I'm just taking advantage of the fact that our new school doesn't have a uniform, and I think you should too."
Katy looked down at her outfit. "I like what I'm wearing," she huffed. She wore black leggings, a large knitted jumper and red trainers. "Now hurry up, we don't want to be late on our first day."
*
"I have English first. Do you know what you have?" I asked Katy.
"Yes," she groaned for this was not the first time that I had asked her. "I have maths, and no, I have no idea where it is. I like your idea about finding someone who does know where it is so can we go and do that?"
I stared at her until she couldn't look at me any longer and then I laughed. We walked up the steps towards the non-working automatic doors and headed towards this large open space occupied only by tables and lockers. There was one table filled with giggling girls, one with three boys in beanies, one with a brown haired boy on his phone and three empty ones. It was ironically named The Social Area.
We first sat at an empty table, looking awkward, lost and out of place. "That guy's cute," Katy pointed out, talking about the brunette boy sitting alone. "Why don't you ask him if he has maths?"
I shrugged. "You're the one that has maths. Why don't you ask him?"
Katy sighed. "Alright."
She made her way over to the table with the boy and sat opposite him, me following awkwardly behind her. He didn't look up from his phone and barely noticed that they had sat down. I coughed, but still his eyes were glued to his phone. Katy sighed loudly again and said: "Are you in fourth year?" He looked up and my breath caught in my throat.
He was beautiful. I'm not very good at describing people's appearances, but the word beautiful sprang to mind. Imagine an angel and Logan Lerman had a baby. This boy would be that baby. He made my heart speed up and made me glad that Katy was doing the talking instead of me.
The boy looked scared, his brown eyes glazed over. He nodded and looked as if he wanted to return to his phone but was too afraid to. I felt sorry for him. We weren't that scary, were we? "Do you have maths first?" Katy went on, not stopping to notice how petrified the boy looked.