
Jennifer. What a boring name, for a boring girl, with a... "boring life". Why not... Deazia? Or Monique? At least those are less... common.
My life. Revolving around 3 things. School, work, sleep. That endless boring pattern of school, work, sleep. It seems to be the only things i can do. School. Work. Sleep.
"Jennifer" Mr.Jammie repeated my name louder.
"Oh! Um... Yes Mr.J?" I replied embarrassed. I heard a few snickers around the class; I always drift off in this boring class. I rolled my eyes and gave my full attention to the teacher.
"Well, would you like to give the answer to number 17 Miss Daily?" He tapped his fingers on the desk, quickly losing his patience, along with his hairline. Although i'm not sure which one is going faster.
I stared down at my paper. 17... 17... "Um... Well through mitosis, the cell should be able to..." I finished my boring answer to the question with a sigh. Putting down my paper, and looking back up at Mr.Jammie. He nodded his head and continued to his next victim.
AP boring Biology. I don't even understand why I'm in this class. I already passed regular Biology. Why do i need more biology-ing? Being an advanced placement student seems to have us "higher educated" students going through the same rounds of stuff to learn. Mitosis, I get it, dividing cells, what more is there to learn?
I unlocked my phone to view the time. 3:30. Finally, the weekend is so close i can touch it.
I felt a tap on my shoulder. I slipped my hand behind me to take the slip of paper.
Saturday. Movie or beach? (Circle one :P) ~ Jessicaaa <3
Mmm... tough decision. I circled both and returned the note to Jessica. Why didn't she just wait till after the bell? Maybe she has somewhere to go after school.
"Oh! Before I forget, homework." Mr.Jammie interrupted my thoughts. A symphony of groans erupted around the class. " I want everyone to go to page 715, and do questions zero through zero." He smirked.
I turned to page 715. The top read "What Actually Happens with Genetics". A short passage with no questions attached.
Kyle raised his hand. "Sooo, no homework Coach J.?" He asked confused.
"Yes Kyle, no homework." He strolled back to his desk, and got on his computer.
Half of the class celebrated, while the other half packed up and talked about weekend plans.
"What do you mean both!?" Jessica joked from behind me. The bell rang, and both of us stood up to leave.
"I mean both, duh?" I pushed my way to the door.
"Jennifer, can you stay behind for a minute?" Mr.Jammie stopped me. Let the awkwardness begin.
"Yeah thats fine. You'll wait for me in the hall Jess?" I turned and asked her.
"I actually have to go somewhere, sorry Jen." Her eyes filled with sympathy and rush.
I know her so well. "Okay, text me about tomorrow" she threw her hand up to wave goodbye, and pushed through the crowd.
After the door closed behind the last person, Mr.Jammie stood up. He cleared his throat noisly.
"You know you're a really extremely smart kid, Miss Daily." He took off his glasses, and started to rummage through the desk for something.
"Uh huh." I looked at my phone again. 3:40.
"And you have an interest in the medical field" he says, continuing to search through his desk.