
James-I woke up insanely early. Whats even more insane,Aria was already up packing up a few things. I sprung up in confusion with a question.
"Aria"
"Yea" she responded
"Your packing boxes"
"No im flying on a magical pony, of course im packing boxes now whats your life or death question"
"Well your packing boxes when we have no transpertation to move the boxes to our new home"
"Ahh good point, so I guess your finding a car then arnt you"
"What no, why me?"
"Because your ultimately useless in this situation so giving you a job will keep you monky ass off my back, any more questions"
"Yes"
"Ok"
"Why are you such a sole sucking bitch"
"Its a gift"
She continued packing and I got up and was searching around the neighborhood for a truck.I searched and searched but somthing more intreaging cought my eye.I looked across the street and saw the man who hurt aria. Part of me wanted to punch him but part of me was absolutely terrified. I ran back to the house to warn Aria. I ran in to door and slam it shut. She looked at me as if I had flying pandas swirling over my head.
"Did you see a ghost or do you always look this pathetic"she said.
"Im sure you will look much worse when I tell you why I have this sinister expression on my face"
Her face grew from amused to scared.
"That ape man who clocked to with the pistol, hes down the street"
Her face grew bleek.
She droped her stuff and walked out side.
"What are you doing" i asked.
"Leaving, is it not obvious"she said while walking away.
"And all the packing, we have no food, transpertation or weapons,will be dead by morning"i said.
"Correction, living dead and is that so bad, better then being made into human spaghetti bye sasquatch"
She looked at me."Fine then lets go get some supply and then haul our ass's out to tim buck two"she said rushing back inside.
We grabed two guns, a bag of food and a couple of books.
"Transportation"i asked.
"Well we dont need a U haul to carry one bag and 2 guns so just get what you can find" she said.
I ran out and saw a descent sized Toyota from across the street.
I went in the home and found the keys laying on a table. I was about to walk  out when grandma Frankenstein came waddling in. I approached her and jammed the key into the center of her for head. She fell like a bag of bricks.I rushed back to the house and found Aria tied to a chair. I looked past her and saw the man on the porch. She looked at me and mouthed.
SAVE YOUR SELFPLEASE
I shook my head.
"Never"
I used the jey to cut the rope holding her and we jumped in the car and road to where ever we felt safe.
"So that was interesting, how about you,anything interesting in that house" she asked as we were in the car.
"Well this key came in handy three times already so yea"
We talked the whole way to a new beginning.