
Last summer was the best and worst summer of my life, but the bad quickly overpowered anything good that happened to me, and left me in complete and utter despair.
It was the best summer because I spent most of my time traveling and seeing all the places I've ever wanted to see, and I went to concerts and even met my favorite bands. I spent the whole summer not caring about anything but having fun and partying with my friends. My whole summer was about forgetting what the rest of the world was doing and just being who I wanted to be.
It was the worst summer because I lost everything that actually mattered to me. I lost my girlfriend, so I lost what I cherished the most. And I lost myself.
I only have vague memories of anything good that happened to me.
Even though it's been a year since she drowned at Manhattan Beach, I always expect to see her next to me when I wake up every morning or smell her favorite vanilla perfume lingering on the smell of our bed sheets. I still expect her to call me like she used to every afternoon or text me to let me know what time to pick her up after work.
I miss the sound of her voice more than anything.
I still hear it echoing in my mind and I constantly repeat anything and everything she has ever said to me just so that I can hear her voice again. Sometimes I convince myself that she's still around just to make myself feel better.
Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night to see her figure standing at the end of my bed. I can make out her shoulder length curly hair and her beautiful curvy waist. She never says anything when she's standing at the end of my bed, but she doesn't scare me. If anything, it makes me feel peaceful. It doesn't scare me like it would anyone else because I she was the girl I loved the most in this world, and I know that she would visit me.
I tried telling my best friend Joey about this one time, but he swore that I was losing my mind and that I needed to get professional help. Knowing me, I argued with him over this for a long time that day and all he did was shake his head and sigh at me. "You need to get a grip, Casey," he would say.
I would begin to cry until he gave up trying to comfort me and hung up the phone.
Anyone that I ever told this story to said that it was just a death and that it is a part of life, and that I would have to move on eventually. But I couldn't.
I don't understand why no one could have taken time out of their day to be encouraging or supportive, but I guess it's because no one actually cares about anyone but themselves in reality.
I have no family to run to because they didn't support my decision to move to California to be with my girlfriend.
"What about New York?" my dad would say. "You already have your life planned out. You were going to New York. You can't just keep changing your mind. What about college? Are you just going to work for the rest of your life? You won't be able to support yourself."
And then my extremely religious mother would get in my face. "Homosexuality is wrong!" She would yell. "I never in a million years expected my oldest daughter to be a lesbian. I hate it. It's disgusting and wrong."
I would just shrug my shoulders and say nothing to them. There was no point in arguing with both of them. Even though I always wanted to yell back and tell them how much I loved Giselle and that they didn't understand, it would have been pointless. They didn't understand anything. My life had always been about what they wanted and never what I wanted.
I have no one at all. Joey got tired of always listening to me talk about Giselle when she was still alive. He didn't understand that she was my happiness, so I don't blame him for not caring. Joey was the one who agreed to help me move from Kentucky to California a year prior to last summer. He understood that Giselle and I were long distance and that it was very hard for us to work things out, so he offered to help me make the move.