
Nora's POV:The golden sun bounced above the tree tops. The sky slowly turned into a dusty orange. A cool breeze blew around my shivering body sweeping leaves off their spot in the cold concerete.
"It's getting cold. You should start to head inside" my mom leaned on the metal door frame behind me. I slowly turned around being careful not to fall off the wooden banister that attached to our deck.
"I'll be in in a second" I smiled bringing my water bottle to my plump lips. She didn't reply she just gave me a nod and turned around closing the sliding door.
I stared back into the distance enjoying the view. Afterall when school starts up again I won't be able to hang out back here anymore. I took a deep breath inhaling the crisp fresh air.
I stayed out for a few more minutes until the sun set behind the trees and the air was a little bit too cool.
I jumped down landing on the deck. I grabbed my now empty water bottle and headed inside where there was warm sugar cookies sitting on the counter.
The smell of warm dough filled the room. I eyed the cookies before deciding I didn't need any. at least not tonight.
I walked through the kitchen past the living room and across from the bathroom into my room. I shot my water bottle in my plastic trash can beside my desk. 'I'll make the team no problem' I thought to myself while imagining me making the game winning shot.
I threw myself on my bed. The turquoise striped comforter supporting my fall. I let out a huge sigh wondering what the school year will be like this year.
Last year was 9th grade and I moved here half way through the year so I didn't get enough time to meet everyone I wanted to but I met enough people.
I pulled off my jeans and sweater and replaced them with an oversized t-shirt and spandex. I slipped under the covers and scrolled through y phone until my eyelids got to heavy. I started to doze until I felt a sharp pain on my nose.
My phone rolled over the carpet. it was then I realized I dropped my phone on my face. I laughed despite the pain. "Wow" I rolled over and checked the clock. It read 12:45. Luckily tommorow was technically still summer so I was okay. I layed my aching head back on my soft fluffy pillow and tried again.
And off I went.