
Mia's P.O.V (a few years after the graduation)"Ok it says the letter is there now." My fiancee says. If you haven't guessed my fiancee is Jace. We live in North Carolina. We sent wedding invitations  to all our friends. Cristina had to invite the other gods.
*ring ring* Yes Iris messages sound like phones.
"Hello?" I asked while I picked up.
"Hey Mia it is Cristina. I wanted to know if I could invite the other gods and a demi-god. I think you and Jace would like to meet him." She replied.
"Yea. The more the better. But only the main 12 Ok." I said sort of stern.
"Mia who are you talking to?" Jace asked coming into the room.
"I am talking to Cristina." I replied looking towards him.
"Hey Cristina. What are you both talking about?" He asked standing right behind me.
"What people to invite that is all." She said giving a small smile.
"Why did you message during your class?" Jace asked. I looked closer and saw kids running laps behind her and her gym teacher clothes on. Whenever she has the chance she wears black.
"I don't really know." She said. "Anyways got to go. Bye." Then she slashed her hand through the message.
"Let's get to planning." I say.
Cristina's P.O.V"OK CLASS THAT IS ENOUGH LAPS!! COURTNEY CAN I SEE YOU FOR A SECOND!!" I shouted.
"Yes coach Cristina." He (yes he) replied. He isn't like all the other children of Ares. He actually is pretty nice.
"I want to invite you ,with Eros and the main 12 gods, to my friends' wedding. Remember the ones I told you about? Jace and Mia. So want to join?" I say loud enough so only he can hear.
"I would love to." He said. See this is why he is my friend. He respects me. Unlike some people I know. Clarissa.
"Ok class pair up and spar with your fists first then dagger, sword, or whatever you use." I say.
"Cristina I need you to follow me." I yelp then turn around to see who the voice belongs to. I see Eros standing there with a scared expression on his face.
"Eros what is wrong?" I say in his chest cause I AM HUGGING HIM. Freaking Clarissa don't like hugs. I sense Eros flinch then I back away.
I must have a hurt expression on my face because when I turn to tell the class I will be back all the Aphrodite kids and Courtney ask "Cristina are you ok?" Then they all glare at Eros cause they know what happened with Apollo.
"Yea I am fine. I will be right back." I say.
Then freaking Clarissa says "Please don't make out. We don't want Cristina to come back with bruises on her neck."
"Clarissa detention." I say.
As I follow Eros through the halls I finally ask "What is this about?" But he doesn't respond. When we walk into the principal's office I see The Big Three and a person who looks familiar.
When I sit down the man finally notices I am hear then says "Cristina I am glad you are ok. You are ok right?"
"Who are you if you don't mind me asking. I can tell you are a powerful god but who? And yes I am fine." I say.