
It was a new day ready for school, a terrible, yet sometimes fun, day at school. It was hard because I was bullied for being so, 'weird'. Anyways I tried to ignore everyone at school...Even though I tried doing my work too without being shot with spit balls by the dumb guy next to me, Lewis.
Yes Lewis..Annoying, no...I just don't think there is a word to even describe him, AT ALL!
But the teachers just say I never try and I will never be ask good as they know I can work when really I'm doing my best not what they want my best to be..Anywho...Yes! Walking to school, I saw, Tiffany, Lola, Jakub, Hannah, Jason, Matthew and Irfan. The popular group. Everybody praised them, but not me..They bullied me and hurt me so much I cut myself..But my Mum could of not even cared less even though I'm pretty sure she cared 0.0.0.0.01% about me and 100% not about me. She sat on my front garden drunk drinking all night and day that she was...a hooker..I know right..Embarrassment straight in the sight of my eyes and I DON'T KNOW ANYONE OR THING THAT WOULD NEVER BE EMBARRASSED OVER THAT!!!!
So I was walking, Tiffany give me a dirty look then ran to her boyfriend and hugged him...Ew is how I describe it. They kiss just EVERYWHERE it is so annoying. But even my best friend Amie liked them and wanted to join the 'popular' crew instead of hanging with her best 'm8s'. Yeah I know, such a good friend...So as just writing all that I'm now at my class sat at the back in depression just feeling someone was watching me, so I looked up, John? He was a new boy, weird and always was quiet and didn't speak alot. NO he does not like like me and why would he...Not that he only stairs at me! But most people like the boys can't call him weird for staring...Hahaha, wait you don't you know? They all stair at Tiffany's, Hannah's and Lola's peach bum. Just wow..But the class seems to quiet even though the teacher is speaking but I am daydreaming the teacher is calling my name.
I look up to see we are supposed to be reading page 45 from a Shakespeare book we were given but when I see Mr. Beston, he was giving me the eye to say, DO AS YOU'RE TOLD! But who knows what he is thinking.