
The story of four friends. Brenda, Veronica, Grace and Caroline.
Brenda James White: Brenda was born in 1995, February 16th, Los Angeles. She Studies At Oxford university. She has an older sister, Barbara James White. Barbara is 10 years older than Brenda. Brenda's father dead when she was 15 years old. Her mother worked hard for Barbara and Brenda. When Brenda was 3 years, they moved to New York City and she growed up in New York City. Brenda went to England to study at Oxford. Brenda is a kind, smart, sweet, nice and cute girl and she likes to be with her friends, shopping, and she wants to be an actress in the future. she loves her mother and she believes that her mother, is the best mother of the world. Brenda has long black hair and beautiful brown eyes. Her favorite colors are hot pink and grey. She has a BF and his name is Peter Jackson Smith. Brenda has three amazing friends and she loves her friends.
Veronica Marie Casterwill: Veronica was born in 1995, August 9th, Los Gatos. She studies at Oxford university. She has a younger brother, Pablo Marie Casterwill. Pablo is 5 years younger than Veronica. Veronica's father is a singer and her mother is a fashion designer. Veronica's family had to go to New York City because of their work so when Veronica was 8, they moved to New York City. Veronica went to England to study at Oxford. Veronica is a smart, cute, stubborn girl. she likes to study hard, being with friends and having fun. Veronica wants to be a geophysicist. Veronica has long brown hair and bright blue eyes and she wears glasses. Her favorite colors are red and black. she doesn't have a BF. she has three amazing friends and she loves them.
Grace Anna Lambert: Grace was born in 1995, September 3th, Sydney. She studies at Oxford university. She doesn't have any brothers and sisters. her parents divorced when she was 5 years old. she lived with her father in New York City and she went to Australia for holidays to see her mother. Grace went to England to study at Oxford. Grace is a cute, smart, nice and jealous girl. she likes to go to shopping, being with her friends and seeing her mom. Grace wants to be a chemist. Grace has long gold hair and light green eyes. her favorite colors are all kinds of pink. hot pink, light pink and ...! she has a BF, Brandon Dante Moon. she has three amazing friends and she loves them.
Caroline Edward Veil: Caroline was born in 1995, March 26th, Toronto. She studies at Oxford university. She has 2 older brothers, Jack Edward Veil and Leon Edward Veil and a younger sister, Hannah Edward Veil! Her mother got skin cancer when Caroline was 18. Caroline went to New York City with her brother Leon when she was 10. Caroline went to England to study at Oxford. Caroline is a nice, stubborn, crazy and smart girl. She likes to go to the beach and she wants that her mother gets better as soon as possible. Caroline wants to be a doctor. She had long black hair but she had a hair cut 2 years ago and 4 months ago, she dyed her hair to pink and she has grey eyes. her skin is light. her favorite colors are brown and red. She has a BF, Xaviar Andrei Pitt. She has three amazing friends and she loves her friends.