
Today is an important day!  A date with my darling Haise !
fufufufu
I woke up early in the morning and- just kidding, I woke up at 10:15AM, I stretched my arms and make some lazy baby dinosaur's sounds. I walked straight to my bathroom and saw a sticky note on the toilet's mirror.

"Wake your ass up! A bookstore date with Haise! ( ˘ ³˘)♥

REMEMBER : Haise will pick me up on 12PM
Sincerely, [Y/N]."
"Ah! The note I wrote last night after Haise called me. Can't wait to see Haise since I didn't meet him for years! I mean a week.." I talked to myself. Yes. I didn't meet Haise for a week now, since he's busy with his job. I missed him ALOT. "Wait for me, darling~" I said and continue my morning routine.
"Well, I seem kindaaaa cute..maybe," I told myself looking at myself infront of the mirror in my bedroom. Checking myself out with this white-pink dress.
11:20AM
"He'll arrive soon, better get quick!" I unplug my phone's charger from my phone and pick up my favorite bag then went to the living room.
I sat on the couch and scrolling through my twitter.
Scroll
Fav
Scroll
Retweet
Ding Dong! Suddenly I heard someone rang my doorbell. Probably Haise! I fixed my hair and went to the door. I felt like kinda nervous,
Oh, come on! Its not like this is our first date, [Y/N]!
I told myself again, but this time I spoke it in my mind. "Calm down, Haise..calm down..." I could hear Haise's voice behind  this wooden door, so does this means I'm not the only one who's in nervous? Thank god!
I put on a smile on my face and opened the door, "H-hi!"
My smile still on my face. "Hi! I've missed youuuuuuu!" he said his face was redden when he saw I'm wearing a cute dress. "There isn't a word in the dictionary for how cute you look, [y/n]!" I blushed when he compliment me. "Aw thank you Haise, you look handsome like always too!"
"S-should we get going now?" I grinned, quickly trying to change the topic. "[Y/n]-chan," Haise is looking at my lips. "Your lips look lonely.." I look at him in confusion. "Would they like to meet mine?" before I could answer his question he already pressed his lips on mine. I kissed him back and hugged him too.
=TimeSkipped=
After we got our lunch, Haise drove us to the biggest bookstore in this city.
We arrived at the bookstore, Haise hold my hands as we entered the bookstore. "Don't go too far!" He let go of my hand and gave me a peck on my cheek. "Beeee right back!!" I told him and went the separate bookcase.
Unfortunately, I bumped into a boy with brunette hair color. "I'm sorry!" We both said. After realizing both of us said the same words, we laughed. But little I did not know, my boyfriend was watching me talking to this stranger, from afar.
"I'm really sorry, I think I've lost my eyes" he joked, "on you!" both of us laughed again. I held my hand and said "Well, I'm sorry too. My name is [L/N] [F/N/], how bout yours?" I grinned. He shook my hand "I'm Kanato Tanaka. It's nice to meet you, [L/N]-san!"