
"I love you  just get it! no matter  what your situation is!! " i said with tearful eyes
" You don't understand!! just go away from my way " he said
"We will face it together no matter what will happen i just want to be with you "
"Shut up!! I hate you you know? i hate you so much as u put me in this "he said as his eyes turned to dark green I stand staring at him with my tears falling on my cheeks
and i can't even believe what he just said!!
------------------------Flash back
"Honey you need to sleep it's late stop writing in your diary and go to bed "mom told me.. Ah but it's only 11 o'clock
"mom I'm going to finish writing don't worry and I'm old now i can handle it" i said laughing and she just rolled her eyes at me
"no more than 12 at 12 you must be in bed" that was all she said before leaving the room ..
so i just snuk out of the window and to the roof cause i have a space there which i can think and reconsider my decisions i sat under the moonlight and started thinking of the next day it's my first day at college
i am soo excited !! But i really have to make friends this year i am terrible at making friends i wish it was easier than this, though I'm afraid that i may do something wrong and make my life in college like a living hell but
i should calm down all of those worries are nothing.. It's 3 o'clock and i still can't sleep so i chose to wake up and do what i used to do at such situations "writing" i huffed.. And i finally slept on my diary while writing it was late actually i don't know how will i wake up in the morning...
i hope that everything will be okay tomorrow..
"Lucy ..Lucy!" I heard my mom yelling form downstairs i tried opening my eyes but i found it difficult with the sunlight directly into them then i checked my phone after finaly opening my eyes ...
HOLLY SHIT !! IT'S 7 A.M  oh my god i should get going to college So i quickly got out of bed to bathroom i didn't have to shower cause i did shower last night so i moved on to clothes i picked out a crop top and jeans and i wore a converse then i lifted my hair into a bun then i put some eyeliner and dark shadow with slight blush and pink lipstick...
And after finishing I rushed out of the door and to my mother's car waiting for her to come and take me to college woah I'm really worried right now
and then i remembered  I forgot to eat so i returned to the kitchen and i took an apple and went back to car which mom was already waiting for me in
However i got up in the car with my heart throbbing against my chest I'm really afraid and worried i hope that every thing will be okay i just hope that.. and here is where my mother interrupted my  thoughts
saying "honey you look like you are going on your first day in school calm down"
"I'm fine mom don't worry I'll be okay it's nothing"
I just hate it she treats me like i a baby I'm old now i can depend on myself she just should know that i know she's trying to protect me but sometimes she becomes really annoying i thought as i rolled my eyes to the window
there when i saw my new college it was really good i continued to look at the building  as i got off the car following my mother she refused to let me go alone however now I'm standing infront of my dorm  i said goodbye to mother
"i love you sweaty" mom said as i was really embaressed