
Kwon Yumi's POV
I held tightly onto you rucksack strap and looked up at the towering building in front of me. I finally arrived at SM Entertainment, in South Korea, after successfully auditioning back home in Vancouver. I auditioned at the bright age of 14, making me the youngest person to get through the whole audition back home.Okay, Kwon Yumi, you can do this. I took a deep breath and made my way inside.I was greeted by a long narrow hallway, a desk where the receptionist sat was was situated on the left side of the hallway."Ummm, annyeonghaseyo?" I started in Korean. Even though I was 100% Korean, I never really learnt how to speak Korean, I could only understand it. Only basic introductions and the infamous 'Saranghaeyo' were the extent of my Korean phrases."Hmm?" the receptionist looked up from her desk. Recalling some of the phrases I tried to teach myself, I tried to continue with the best Korean I knew."Kwon Yumi iminida....umm.." I stuttered. "I'm here to move into my dorm." the receptionist turned to her computer and started typing."Kwon Yumi. Auditioned to be an idol at the Global Auditions in Vancouver?" she read aloud from her computer screen."N-ne.." I replied. The receptionist's eyes widened at her screen and she looked up at me."Here..." she handed a piece of paper to me. "Directions to your dorm are on the piece of paper. It only takes 15 minutes to walk from here." I took the paper and examined it. A map showing the streets of Seoul were printed on it and in faint green ink seemed to be a route. "Once you're in the building, go to the 6th floor and go to the room at the very end of the corridor."Very last room on the 6th floor, got it. I recited in my head. "Then enter the code 120804. That's how you get into the dorm. Got all that down?" I went through every detail in my head and eyesmiled."Yup." I said as cheerfully as I could."Good. Have fun with your new roommates." the receptionist replied. You took a few steps back and did a 90 degree bow. Once you finally were outside, you took a deep breath and smiled. Your new life as a trainee was about to begin.
-AT THE DORM-I stood in front of the sturdy metal door that was firmly secured. I rang the doorbell, just in case one of the other trainees were home. After a few minutes, there was no response.Hmm....no one's home..... I typed up the passcode into the keypad and proceeded to enter the dorm. Upon entering, I was greeted with piles of messy clothes and shoes scattered throughout the place.Gosh, I thought messy girls didn't exist.....until now. A natural instinct in me wanted to clean up, but I needed to find my room so I could drop of my stuff. After carefully navigating myself through the labyrinth of clothes, I finally got upstairs and walked through an endless hallway of doors. Every door seemed to have a slate with a name on it, but I wasn't sure since I could hardly read Hangul. I continued walking down the never ending corridor (Well actually, there were 15 doors in total. Yes, I counted) until I reached a door with a blank slate.Must be my room. I turned the knob and opened the door. Just as I expected, empty. I switched on the lights and put my rucksack down by the door. The room was not that big, not that small, but just right. With a few touches of Yumi-esque furniture and items, the room would start to feel like home. I sat down on the double bed and took out my phone. 7 LINE calls from Eomma and 9 LINE messages from Appa, I smiled to myself. Eomma and Appa have been really supportive of what career path I wanted to take and I'm so thankful that they do.Appa: Hey, did you arrive yet, kiddo? Message me when you're finally at the dorm. Eomma will call you in a while.  A grin on my face started to form.Me: Just arrived, miss you lots X  After engaging in a conversation, I suddenly remembered the complete mess downstairs. I tied my hair into a messy bun and proceeded to go downstairs. As I started to clean up, I noticed something strange. Most of clothes seemed overly large for girls....Scrap that, they were Men's Clothing.Am I living with boys?  I contemplated the thought. Nah, I couldn't be. Besides, I wouldn't want to be wearing skirts and heels for dance practice. When the job was done, I laid down on the couch and just chilled out for an hour or so......until hunger kicked in. Good thing I took Home Ec in school. I looked around the kitchen and found a cute apron to wear. After rummaging through the cabinets and fridge, it turned out that the only thing edible I could make was ramyun. Typical Korean dish. Anyways, I proceeded to make my ramyun.....or at least, I thought it was mine..