
Aubrey-"Calm? Your not calm around me?"
Lythia-"Lets just say I'm always alert around you"
Aubrey-"Hmm that's not so bad...I guess"
Lythia-"What was that?"
Aubrey-"Nothing...I'm going to look around campus, coming?"
Lythia-"Yeah one sec"

*****

Lythia-"This school is soo pretty I tell ya!"
Aubrey-"That it is!"
Lythia-"So during college what do you hope to achieve?"
Aubrey-"Lets just focus on living a normal life here, kay?"
Lythia-"Got it"

As time passed by the more and more I wanted to sleep...Finally we were back at our dorm laying in our freshly made bed in total darkness

Aubrey-"Hey Lythia"
Lythia-"Yeah?"
Aubrey-"Out of all people why did you choose me?"
Lythia-"Are you talking about Elementary School?"
Aubrey-"Yeah"
Lythia-"Well it seemed like nobody knew me or appreciated me at the time. Everybody in that classroom just didn't want to be my friend because of my freakish cat fetish. But you didn't you were the only one who liked me for who I was and that's why I chose you to be my partner that day. I chose you that day because I felt like the only person who wanted to be my friend...Was you"
Aubrey-"Thanks for that..."
Lythia-"Why did you except it?"
Aubrey-"Because people treat me as some kind of bully, all they want to do is stay away from me. But not you, you were the energetic clueless girl who chose me to be there partner and I thought you were trying to pull a prank on me or something. But you were just that girl who wanted to be friends with everybody."
Lythia-"Yeah I try but people run off after hearing about my cat fetish...Haha"
Aubrey-"I think we should get some sleep. We have a big day tomorrow!"
Lythia-"We do?"
Aubrey-"1st day of college!"
Lythia-"Oh right..."
Aubrey-"Wait wait wait, what's wrong you were all jumpy just a few minutes ago!?"
Lythia-"Remembering those days in elementary school just brought back some painful memories. What if people treat me like that again?"
Aubrey-"They won't"
Lythia-"How do you know?"
Aubrey-"Because I'm here for you"
Lythia-"Thanks Strawberry!"
Aubrey-"Ugh when are you gonna stop calling me that?!"
Lythia-"When I feel like it"
Aubrey-"And that'll be?"
Lythia-"Never! Hahaha"
Aubrey-"Okay, goodnight...Kitty"
Lythia-"Hehe unlike you I like that nickname!"