
Shaphire POV:
Shut up. Is what I think 1000 times a day. From school to home. Why I haven't told any one to. Because I'm a mute. Hi. My names Shaphire Hall. Yes Kyle Hall is my Brother. Don't freak out. I have Purple hair. Or Lavender what ever works for you. Me and Kyle leave on our own. Its always been like that. Kyle won't tell me why. Me and my best friends our in a Band called The Unwanted Angels. I'm bass in the band. Umm. Ya that's about it.
"Shap.! Come help me.!" I was pulled out of my train of thought by Kyles whins. I walked to see Kyle duck taped to the ground and Johnnie laughing his ass of in the corner.
I walked over to Johnnie sitting next to him. I motioned to Kyle and shrugged. Johnnie was like my other Brother so he got my signs.
"H..e a...and." He couldn't talk because he was laughing so hard. I noded and crawled over to Kyle.
"Oh. Hey sis. Do you mind helping me.?" I poked his face and went to his desk grabbing a marker and some more duck tape. I put duck tape over Kyles mouth and motioned Johnnie to come over to me. He crawled and grabbed the marker and started writing on his face. I smiled when Johnnie grabbed his camera and started filming what was happening.
"This is what this Bitch gets for making me Kiss Alex.!" Johnnie laughed and drew a huge dick by his mouth. I drew a bunch of stuff from Dick's to Andy Biersack. Once we were done I removed the duck tape from him mouth and took pictures.
"You guys are mean. I guess I won't ask you then Shap." He said looking devilish then ever. I stopped smiling and looked at him confused.
"Please tell her.!" Johnnie whined.
"Okay so Shaphire you know how we go to Warped Tour every year.?" I nodded slowly.
"Do you want to go this year.?" He asked smiling. I couldn't believe what he just  asked me. I nodded as fast as I could and jumped on my still duck taped brother.
"I guess that's a yes.?" Johnnie said sarcastcitly. I pulled apart and tackled Johnnie to the ground with a hug. He kissed my cheek and pulled apart.
"Your welcome. It was my idea." He said proudly. I wanted to yell "I love you guys so much. But. No. Ever since Kyle told me our parents left.
"Oh ya. We leave tomorrow. So go pack. We have to be on the bus by. 2 in the morning." I turned and looked at him wide eyed. I wanted to slap him for telling me last minute but I took a breathe and  I nodded while getting up and  walking to my room. I packed a bunch of Band mearch and YouTube merch. When I had 3 large Suitcase full bags I walked back into Kyles room to see kyle trying to get the Marker off and Johnnie editing his video. I jumped by Johnnie and he screamed like a little girl. I smiled at his girly ness.
"Holy Chesse in Mother Fucking Rice Shap.! Give me a warning next time.!" I smiled and face palmed. He started blushing. Why is he blushing. Boys confuse me.
"Nice going Dumb Fuck." Klye laughed. Johnnie flipper him off and went back to what he was doing.
"Damn Computer.." Johnnie "whisper" yelled. I poked his face and looked at him confused.
"He keeps Fucking my shit up.!" I grabbed his computer and looked at it. I gave it back and shrugged my shoulders. Johnnie laughed.
"Here Sis." I jumped when a Monster landed in my lap. I opened it and took a sip before Johnnie grabbed it and chugged half.
"Okay I was going to give you this but... I don't think you deserve it." Kyle said holding up another Monster. Johnnie gave me my Monster back and ran for his.
"Hey hey hey. Puppy dog eyes." Like it was a command he got on his knees and begged. I looked at the sight with a weird look on my face.