
Aria- 3erd PersonAria woke up early and looked around her. She was still in her home, huddled under kitchen table. Last thing she remembered she was locking all the doors and windows while looking for fire power. She got out from under the table and looked around her. She stretched her weary body and moved into the living area. She saw a picture of her and her brother from a year ago on thanksgiving. It was the best thanksgiving  that she had experienced in a while. Her dad took that picture rait after having my moms vary popular pasta salad. My brother was the first to go in the family. She woke up and found him with bite marks covering him from head to toe. It was just a matter of time before he turned in to a man eating beast. She took a gun from her dads dresser and did what she had to do. She felt,Alone.
Aria-I put the picture down and sneaked my way out side. The cost was clear so I got in the car and just drove I had no idea where but I was shore it was some where secluded, safe and quite. Some where I would not fear anything anymore.
I road and road. My attention was re-directedTo the window."how could such a once beautiful world turn into a trash filled dump filled with demons that onley care about eating human flesh"I thought to myself. I guess thats the tragedy  of life as a human, you really just dont know much about life or why the demons of today can walk around with out a concern of others moral life. I was in a deep though when I felt it. The impact of another car crashing into mine. My car begane to flip and spin like a circus act. When the car stoped spinning I was upside down. My head was bleeding and I think I broke my hand. I begane to black out, last thing I saw was somone standing over the flaming car.
2 hours laterI woke up laying on some sort of tarp. My head Ached and my hand pulsed hard.
"Are you ok"I heard a voice say nervously.
"Well besides my acheing head and my hurting hand, yea im just peachy" I said sarcastically. I sat up and looked at him. A smile stretched across his face.
"A name would be nice"He said smiling.
"Aria, and you"
"James, James Madden"He said still smiling at me.
"What the hell are you smiling about, most people dont find zomie world comforting"I said making him laugh harder.
"I suppose im lucky, I never though id meet a girl, and to get one as pretty as you, im thrilled"
"Well I supposed I should be grateful you saved me, but lets get one thing strait, you do not get me at all, you are lucky to be blessed with my company but to be truthful I think we should stick togethor because if I half to stay alone in hell my whole life im probably gonna end up talking to empty cereal boxes"
I said in a snarky yet funny tone making him giggle a bit.
"Yes sr" He said laughing.
It was late and me and james were siting in silence for a while just reading and looking around the home untill finely he spoke up.
"So Aria were gonna be with each other for a while, why dont we get to know each other" he said smiling.
"Look james I really dont feel compterbal telling personal things"
"Ok ill start" he said looking down.
"My first kill, I got home late when the alert came on I walked in my home and the house was empty as far as I knew I looked around briefly but couldn't find anyone. I sat down thinking when my friend walked in the room, I should not say my friend coulse well he was, turned. I did what I had to do, I looked at his torn body, how his sole was just gone, all because of me, I cryed over him wishing he woumd come back, so I would not half to be alone anymore. I can never see me or the world the same anymore"