
The village of Suiren was bustling from an up coming event, The Lilly Festival.
"This festival will be amazing!" Kita Hiroki cheered.
"The dresses are just too perfect," said Inoue Fumiko said, her eyes all fluttery.
"The puppet dragon dancers just need to fix a few things and the puppet just needs a few tweeks here and there," Hayashi Chieko said, writing a few things down in the notebook.
"The musicians have practiced a lot this year," Minami Kazuhiko. "This year's festival will be amazing."
"Lets just hope, it won't be like last year," Hayashi Isamu said, checking off a few things off his list.
"Don't jinx it, brother," Chieko said, laughing. Fumiko, Kazu, and Hiroki joined.
Isamu just rolled his eyes and proceeded.
For the rest of the day, they made preparations for the festival. After the sun set, the villagers lit up the village with lanterns. They all gathered in the town square, where the hokage would usually give his opening speech. Even Isamu, the respect one, had to clench his jaws together to stop from yawning.
"Anyways," the hokage said, "Let the festival begin!"
Little bombs of glitter popped around the crowd and the dragon puppet, along with a few lion dancers, appeared. The music started playing, the villager got into pairs, and started dancing along with the beat. The five were surrounded by men and women, asking for their first dance. "This is annoying," Isamu grumbled, heaving out a sigh and crossing his arms across his chest. The females started squealing and showering him with comments.
"He is so handsome!"
"Look at his composure!"
"I wish Isamu would look at me!"
"I wonder if he has his eyes out for someone yet. . ."
"Look at who's being admired," Kazu said, smiling his signature boy-ish smile.
"Says the one that is enjoying it all," Isamu said.
"Lets just get this over with," Chieko said, grabbing a random guy's hand and dragging him to the dance circle.
The song ended and a new song started off. This song didn't have a hearty beat like the last one. It started off with a guitar solo. Then, a flute like instrument came in. The villagers all stop what they were doing and let the melody of the song drift through the village.
"Why don't you go up there and sing, Kazu?" Isamu said.
"There aren't any lyrics to it, though," Kazu answered.
"I saw the lyrics you have in your notebook. Don't worry about it, just go up there and have some fun."
Kazu hesitated for a moment, but then he gave in.
'He really knows how to push someone over their limit,' Kazu thought.
Isamu went over and whispered something to the hokage's ear. Then, he gave Kazu the nod of approval. Kazu walked up to the stage with his silver, silk like kimono.
When the part came, he started to sing.
[Sorry guys! I couldn't put the video in because I'm using my  Galaxy tablet and it won't let me put videos. I will try again when I get my IPhone from the repair store ^^]
When the song was over, the crowd applauded loudly. When Kazu walked off stage, he saw greeted by his four friends.