
It all started one Friday morning at school...... The morning that would eventually change my life permanently. My teacher made us go single file- she's so freaking proper, I can't even...
A-Anyways, that day was our mandatory field trip to the newly-discovered forest some random scientists found in the middle of nowhere. Ugh, I knew I should have faked being sick that day, but my selfish-as-crap parents were on vacation, and I was staying at my grandparents' house. I could never fake being sick there, 'cause my grandma would overreact, and it would have caused more trouble than it was worth.
The field trip took almost half of the school day, and to be honest, I slept most of the way. Watching the dirt roads, and the peaceful, beautiful rural cities made me sleepy. My best friend Emiko woke me up after a couple of hours saying I was snoring too loud. I really didn't care, 'cause nobody could hear me over everyone talking, but she insisted I was snoring way louder than normal, and that she woke me up for my own well-being... I was still angry at her for disturbing my siesta, though.
When we got there, the whole forest seemed incredibly spooky. While half of the students, including Emiko, waited in line for the bathroom, I sat on a huge, long log with the rest of the class.
Poor Emiko- she drank way too much green tea on the way, and now she's paying for it by having to sit on toilet seat of death, better known as a portable toilet... Those things are so nasty, and she hates them more than I do.
When everyone finished, our guide started leading the way, and telling us info about the forest, and what animals and plants live here and blah blah blah. This kind of stuff did not interest me at all, and I couldn't wait 'till I went back home after a long, busy week of school.
Emiko and I were going to a concert the next day, and were really looking forward to it. It's with one of our favorite country singers, Paul Chester. His songs are amazing, and he is so hot...
While I was daydreaming about Paul Chester, my thoughts suddenly stopped all at once. I realized I had not been paying attention to where the guide was taking the class, and I was all alone. Why hadn't they seen me not following them!? Where had Emiko been-??? -Probably on her kphone texting her sister, or something. I tried listening to see if I could hear anyone. Nothing. How long had I been blindly walking!? Ugh!! I'm so careless!! Now I'm just here, freaking out, because I wasn't listening to the guide's instructions about getting lost 'cause I was talking to Emiko......... Great, now I'm screwed. ~~~~~~~~~~