
James-We were still driving, the car had a good, 3 hours left before the tank was done. I looked across from me and saw Aria asleep in the seat. She played tough but I think shes just, scared. Its like she uses her edgy ness as a mask to cover that shes terrified of this new world. I know I am.I saw her eyes flutter open.
"Hey" she said in a sleepy voice.
"Morning sunshine"
"Call me sunshine again, ill shove the steering weel up you ass so far you'll feel it when you sneeze"
"Someone woke up on the wrong side of the car seat"
"I wake up wrong always when im next to you"
"Wow so sweet, i see why Ryan liked you"i said.
I realized how totally dickish that sounded so I looked at her. I expected to hear her yell or to be her muse for another snarky comment, but no she just sunk her head i to her arm and let tears fall silently"
"You ok?"i asked concerned.
"Fine"
"You su..."I tryed to say but she cut me off.
"IM FINE!"
She said loudly.
"Sorry,i dont like to talk about him"
"You dont like to talk about alot of things,i dont even know your last name Aria"
"Kendrick,happy"
"Not relly"i said
"You know what fine my whole fuck'in life storey, im 19 years old my mom left when i was 12 , my dad abused me till well a couple weeks ago before the Zs ate him alive and oh my brother, hated me so it was fun shooting a bullet through his scull"she was rambelling angrily.
"Its ok aria im sor..."She cut me off.
"No no! Lets keep going Ryan, he was my boyfriend soon to be huband, i watched him get tore apart before oh yea my dog had a seizure and collapsed in my arms"there you happy you now know me.
She was balling crying at this point, i was crying to. I pulled over on the side of the road.
"Sorry"she said crung into her hands.
"Dont be, its my fault"
"Im a terrible person"she said crying hard in her seat. I took her hand from across the seat. Her percing blue eyes locked on mine.
"You are the least terribal person I know, we all have baggage the difference between you and me is your actually so passionate that you feel evrey nerve ache when you do somthing wrong. Thats the thing about you, your so much more then what you see and as for the story you told me, at the end you said there you know me, but that story was not you it was your family, not your hobbies, skills, favret book. Your family storey is not your storey" i said making her smile.
"You know James your not a total idiot"she said laughing.
She leaned in and huged me. When we pulled away our eyes met and I was leaning in to kiss her. But I hesitated and she backed away.
"Anyway, So you wabt to know me"she said breaking the silence.
The whole ride she told me about her. Her hopes dreams, her plans.
It was clear that this was a journey ahead. difference between a journey and an adventure.
An adventure is for a week, a journey is for a life time