
James-But where I saw her was nit where I was expecting.  She was talking to a person, a real person I ran up to them but before I got to close she glared at me. Her glare said.
"Dont come over here, not the kind of situation you want to be in, dangerous, save your self"
I was scared but not for me, for her the guy started man handling her. The large man lushed her against his truck and patted her down. He took our gun, my gun. He turned her towards him and said somthing I could not hear. He clocked her with the gun and got in his truck and drove off.
After a few seconds I ran up to her, she was out cold. Her beautiful piercing blue eyes and olive skin turned pale. Her long lush blond hair lying in the gravle. I shook her.
"Aria! You ok"I asked. She cringed her tiny nose and fluttered open her eyes.
"Ryan, what happend"She said slowly"
Ryan? I thought to myself. Mabey her brother, while I was guessing who ryan was she looked up at me and kissed me passionately. "I love you ryan" that was the last thing she said before dozing off. Her lips felt nice pressed against mine. The way we moved in sink. Did I actually like her? She sure liked this Ryan guy.
I picked her up and brang her home. She was asleep on the couch and all I could think about was that kiss.
Aria-I woke up and it seemed late.
"James" I said as he entered from another room.
"Hey your up how you feeling"
"Ok"
"Thats good coulse you obviously had some issues earlier"He said making me wonder.
"What do you mean"I asked.
"Whos Ryan"
That made my heart brake. I felt tears fill my eyes and a look of concern filled James face.
"Hes ummm....a part of my past"
"Can you elaborate, was he like a boyfriend"he said.
How did he know, i got really worried.
"How would you know"
"Well you kinda, may have, did,"
"Spit it out!"I said.
"You kissed me and called me Ryan"
I felt so embarrassed.
"Oh....Im so so sorry" i said geting up and leaving the room.
I was about to enter the kitchen when I felt his hand grab mine. He pulled me close. So close I could feel his breath on my lips.
"You dont half to be embarrassed with me"he said making shivers run through evrey nerve in my body.
"Thanks"
I tore our grip and went into the bath room. I stared at my face and felt terrible.
"This is not the time to have crushes, i just got body slammed by king kong, i half to think further then a one night stand"I thought to my self.
I walked out of the bathroom and found James reading.
He tore his gaze from the book and looked at me.and with that I said,
"Were moving out"