
I didn't exactly mean to throw my spaghetti bolognaise at the head teacher, but I did think that the meatballs did make a great contribution to the well-being of Mrs Granger's hairstyle. I was aiming for Jeremy Novak who had just thrown a dollop of mashed potatoes right at my chest but she had gotten in the way. She seemed to snarl at me, her face turning a bright shade of red and I could almost see the smoke pouring out of her ears. Of course, when she demanded to be told who had started the food fight in the cafeteria, everyone was more than willing to sell out me and Katy.
We were sent to  Mrs Granger's office straight away. It was a small room, more of a cupboard if I'm honest, but it had been redecorated since the last time I'd been there.  The floor was covered with a threadbare brown carpet and the walls were hidden behind a hideous flower wallpaper. I was pretty sure I spotted Daisy's within the tulips and daffodils, and it made me want to hide behind my hair. There was enough room for one bookcase and a desk, cluttered with paperwork, books, an ancient computer and a family photo of Mrs Granger, her husband, her daughter and her two sons.
Katy and I sat in silence, waiting to be scolded. There wasn't often times where me and Katy didn't find something to talk about, but just then seemed inappropriate. The door swung open and me and Katy both turned at the same time. Mrs Granger sauntered in, her stringy, brown hair tied in a bun with two pencils protruding from it. From the bottom of her eyelids to the top of her eyebrow was some blue eyeshadow pasted on in about six layers. Her lips and two front teeth were painted red and her skirt reached below her knees. She pulled out her chair and sat opposite us, her glasses sat on the end of her nose.
"Can you give me a plausible reason as to why you two decided to trash the cafeteria?" Mrs Granger asked us while staring with beady, crow-like eyes. Me and Katy were afraid to speak or answer her question in fear of getting ourselves into more trouble. "Well?" she said again. "I'm waiting."
I turned to Katy but she was looking at her knees. I was about to answer when Katy looked up and took a deep breath. "I threw a chicken nugget at Daisy and she tried to throw a meatball back at me but she missed and hit Courtney Gray instead. And then everyone just started throwing food at each other."
Mrs Granger stared at us both for a long time, eyes boring into us, before she finally sighed. "You do realise I'm going to take drastic action? One of the water fountains was badly damaged and Cora the lunch lady was sent to the hospital from getting hit in the eye with a steak. I'm afraid I'm going to have to call both of your parents and tell them about what has gone on."
We both nodded. We knew our parents would have to get called. I mean, it's not like they wouldn't be told. And, even if they weren't, they'd find out sooner or later. "Your punishment will be strict; you will have to pay for Cora's medical bills and the repairing of the water fountain and you will both be expelled, effective immediately."
My eyes widened and I stood up. "Expelled?" I argued. "Just for throwing a meatball? That's not fair!"
Mrs Granger furrowed her eyebrows. "It's my school and what I say goes, do you understand?"
I blinked at her a few times, not being able to believe what I was hearing, before I sat down and nodded.
"Good." Mrs Granger said, matter-of-factly. She then picked up the phone and started to dial a number.
*
"I still can't believe you got me expelled," Katy groaned from the bed. She lay down, her bag laying open next to her. I was fixing my hair in the mirror, making sure it looked perfect for my first day at my new school.