
Antonio Please! Monica screamed behind me pleading for me to turn around. Fuck her and her new nigga.
I laced up my Columbians and threw on a white jacket. My phone vibrated in its pocket probably Monica I thought  as I closed my room door quietly.  Momma was asleep which was good because , I didn't feel like hearing her shit about me coming home so late last night anyways. I grabbed some toast and headed out. Another damn day in this shitty ass place.
I tapped my pencil on the desk loudly. I wish Ms. Boyd would shut the fuck up already. She know damb well Into nobody listening to her. A chair slid beside me I looked up. Shit! Why'd he have to come sit next to me?
Adren Mccullen, the running back for our school and also who the every girl calls the sexiest dude in school. Probably cause he was Latino. Well shit I'm mixed! Where my attention I wasn't ugly. I mean my eyes were hazel bitches liked that! I even have red lips which I don't mean to fault but fuck.
I wasn't like him though, to me he talked way too much.He didn't waste a damn minute telling you where he was from or what he was about. I probably knew where his ass stayed everything he said in class.
Arden's eyes met mine for a second and his lips twitched as if he was holding back a smile. I stared at his lips for a brief moment before looking down. Mrs. Sparks was talking about some shit I could care less about. I still couldn't gt his lips out of my head.  I kept taking peeks at him the rest of the class.
My shoes pat the concrete as I walked home from school. I couldn't concentrate all damn day. Fuck it. I got inside the apartment and walked in my room falling onto my bed. As I got comfortable my phone vibrated I didn't answered not caring who it was. I turned over on my side and relaxed against the pillows thinking about my day. Maybe if I tried Adren and I could be friends.
The  tary bell rang as soon as I walked in class. Shit, I was almost late. I had woken up late this morning and had to skip breakfast just to get there in time. I sat in my usual seat in the back, I put my things in the ground and waited for Ms. Boyd to begin.
The person next to me coughed loudly I turned to see who had Ebola. Andre, you know this was his second time sitting next to me. Why was he so close all of the sudden? I looked him over his handsome face, wait! Handsome no no no not handsome average his average face. Why the fuck was I judging a dude anyway.
He was wearing a black sweater that stated Attention I'm here. In bold white letters. His jeans sagging slightly off his waist exposing a peek of his plaid boxers.  His Air 11's tapping against the floor. I started working my way back up towards his face, but paused as soon as I saw his eyes looking right back at me. I  whipped back around in my seat and grabbed my phone trying to pretend text some one. I thought I played it off nice until I heard him giggling behind me.