
You know how every time you go over to some relative's house, no matter what topic you're discussing, somehow the word "boyfriend" always seems to come up? Like "Oh, you like to read huh? That's nice...so does your boyfriend read too?" or maybe "It's so cool that you got a summer job!  So tell me, when are we going to meet your boyfriend?" But then you have to awkwardly tell them that you have no boyfriend and that you've never had a boyfriend and that boyfriends are not really important to you right now because you have your priorities set straight and boyfriends seem like just a distraction to your current goals. Happens to me all the time.
Hi, I'm Tori Mitchel..well my real name is Victoria but everyone calls me Tori. That's all they know me by. I always introduce myself as Tori because I don't really like how Victoria sounds. Tori makes me sound more approachable whereas Victoria leads me to be stuck-up and a "know-it all". I know what you're thinking and I bet its something along the lines of "How could a name define your personality?" You're either thinking that or "OH MY GOD JUST GET TO THE PART WHERE YOU MEET THE BOY AND FALL IN LOVE AND BLAH BLAH BLah". Well I'm getting to it!
In order to answer your first question (well that's if that were the actual question on your mind), it just does. If I'm Tori (which I am), you automatically think, " Aw she's probably so chill and independent and really smart and interesting and generally just a really cool human being and I need to get to know her ASAP" and that's the reputation I plan to maintain for my entire high school career. However if I'm Victoria (which I am also...but mainly only to my mom and the rest of my family) you would think "Ugh, I don't like her even though I've never spoken to her because she's probably all snooty and a pain to be around". Well that's what I would think. Okay maybe no one else thinks like that. Okay this just got awkward...for me....
OKAY I'LL JUST GO ON TO THE QUESTION EVERYONE WANTS TO KNOW AND I'M ASSUMING THAT IT IS:
"What's your love story?"
I 'll start off by saying that its not exactly a love story. More like a "Hey, here's fifty bucks. Okay good,now you're my boyfriend for the next two weeks so pretend to love me" story. Typical. I know. Except I only know the guy because we take Chemistry together and I've never, ever even thought of him in that way. Not once.  Okay I don't want to give away too much.  I'll tell you everything, in time.
Shall we start?

~Hey guys! I'm back with another story! Its with Justin this time, as promised! I have tons of ideas for this and I can't wait to get started officially! This is just the introduction so please let me know what you think about this idea in the comments below.  Also, I'm planning to post every Saturday and maybe also on Wednesdays. I think a schedule would be better since I'd be more dedicated to complete it (and not have it roll over for 2 years lol). Anyway....Please vote and comment your thoughts and I'll see (well not physically but ya know...virtually? AHAHAHA I'm sorry I'll stop now) you guys on Wednesday (or maybe next Saturday :P)! ~