
Jine's POV.
"Omma, when will we be getting to see a cherry blossom?" I asked curiously as that time I was 6. "Maybe later. We wait for appa to be back from his outstation okay?" mom smiled. The happiest thing that I would love to see everyday, everytime and every second of it.
We both arrived at home from my kindergarden. I saw my brother, Shin Jiho is waiting for us in front of the main door. "Oh omma!" he said, running towards mom and hug her. "What are you doing here Jiho? You should go inside earlier, it's cold you know that?"  mom advise. Eventho she advise a lot but both of us has never heard any of it. … "Oppa.. where is omma and appa? I'm scared." I hugged my brother tightly as I was scared watching a few strangers are standing in front of our house. "Calm down Jine ah, trust me they will be fine." I saw Jiho oppa is sheding his tears away as I couldn't understand what the heck is actually happenning.
"Please let us go! We didn't do anything wrong! Please don't do anything to us!" I heard a familiar voice begging for help. I tried to see scene but Jiho oppa covers my face as well.
He drags me behind the wall, maybe the strangers are aiming for us. "Jine ah, shhh. They might found us here." he whispers.
"But how about omma and appa?" my tears started to fall. I had just realised that mom and dad is outside. I heard the main door is creaking. It was dad. "Jine ah, Jiho ah, run!!" bang! Jiho oppa brought me out from the house, running away to nowhere.
We could feel someone is following us from behind. "O--oppa, whe--re are we.. going? I'm tired." I pant, squatting down as I can't continue the run.
"Ah this place..."
"Why oppa?"
"This place is nearby with my teacher's house." he walks along the streets, followed by me who is busy turning around whether is someone following us or not.
We stopped by at a house no 24. ding  dong..
"Oh? Shin Jiho. What are you doing here in the middle of night?" a tall man in his 30s is asking Jiho oppa. I bet he must be the teacher. "Ask them to enter first, it's cold outside." a woman said to him and letting us in. …They served us a cup of hot choco, I drank thirstly. "What brings you here?" asked the teacher. Jiho oppa told him the whole story and I could see the shockness in their faces. Oppa gave me a sign to introduce myself. "Eh uh, annyeonghaseyo I am Shin Jine. I am 6." the couple nodded and smile. "Ahh Jine?  I'm Jung Taekwoon, your oppa's homeroom teacher. This is my wife, Seo Eunha." we have a short conversation and suddenly we heard someone is crying.
All of us are curious, we head to the living room and saw a boy crying. "Omo!" Mrs Jung carried and comfort him. "This is our son, Ooon. He's 6 too." I handshake with him and at that time I was happy...
That I got a friend who is same age as mine. …12 years later...
"Bitch this is mine!" "I got this first so this is mine!" "No! I saw it first ugh. GIVE IT BACK!!" bang! Jiho oppa slammed the table to stop the fight.
He blew his hair and started to cross his arms. "What? are you guys still a kid? You guys are 18! You know EIGHTEEN?! Stop being freakin' immature!" yeah, that is how we are im our daily life. Jiho oppa and I was adopted by Mr Jung and his wife.
And you know, since back then Ooon and I were cursing, hating, bashing each other. I couldn't live calmly for this 12 years of us living together. Nowadays, Jiho oppa would take care of us since our mom and dad is going to China for work.
"I'll take this. Bye manwhore." I took the puffs from him, heads out from the house to school.
Oh yeah.. school.. Same year, same age, same school and same class with that mr-oh-i-am-so-awesome, Jung Ooon. Everytime I heard "Oh gosh Ooon is awesome!" "Please take a photo with me" "Can I eat with you?" I'll be like. Ew.
Nobody knows him better than me.