
James-I woke up and saw Aria still asleep across from me. I hoped up and did the annual home check. A home check is well exactly like it sounds, you check you home for well, un wanted visitors. I walked into the kitchen and heard a noise from the next room over. I grabed a frying pan and crept up to the hall way. I checked all the rooms in till I reacged the one I heard the noise. I tightened  my grip on the pan and was ready to swing when Aria poped out from the room and made me drop the pan. I fell to the  ground I was so scared and I saw her laughing so hard.
"Soo um James, if a Z popped out from a door way you would drop the pan and offer a hand shake hmmm" she said laughing her head off.
I looked at her angry."So I almost died and your laughing, wow" I said "thanks"
I got up and walked out of the room.
Aria-I played a little prank on James and he took it hard, he stormed out of the room angry. I felt bad so I went after him he was out side on the porch cursing to the wind. I opend the door.
"Im sorry James, it was just a prank"
"Just a prank, Aria!,Nothing is a prank anymore nothing....."
He kept talking and yelling and cursing. I saw a Z walking up from behind but he was so busy blabbering about how I scared him almost to death that he did not notice. The Z was close to him at this point so I took the lamp off the portch and told James to dunk.James dunked as I swung and clocked the Z. James looked back and saw the Z with the dent in his scull and sighed.
"I dont know what id do with out you" he said sarcastically. James stormed inside and I had to finish the Z off.
I took that bulb from the lamp and broke it. I took a piece of glass fromt he bulb and put it through the Zs scull. I ran inside and saw James sobbing on the coach.
"James, what the hell I just saved your life and your mad about it"
"You did not half to save me!"
"Oh yea ill just let the Z injoy a free meal"
"You dont half to protect me"
"Scrue you James"I said walking out of the house. I went for a walk.
James-I was mad but it was not safe for her out there alone. I went after her. I went out side but she was long gone. Aria! I called out but she never answered.
'What if she was hurt, or...' i though. I ran up and down the streets in till finally I saw her trying to climb over a fence.
"Aria!" I yelled.
She dropped back down the fence and ran back over to me.
"Shut, the hell up, are you crazy"
"What"
"Your to loud, they'll here you"
"Who will"
"The cast of friends, who do you think"
"Look no need to be rude"
"Yes! Much need to be rude now lets g..."
I tried  to say but my attention got redirected to 2 Zs coming at us.
James brang a gun and aimed but before he could shoot I took it.
"What the hell are you doing Aria" he said.
"Its to loud, it will only draw more in"
She approached the Z and struck it in the face with the handle of the gun knocking it down. She looked at me and mouthed the words...