
There's three things you learn at Westover prep.
1. Don't eat the mystery meat.2. If you get Mr. Pala for math you're screwed.3. You don't say no to Bellamy wood.
Adam has already had the mystery meat and Mr.Pala. But he's never said no to Bellamy Wood.
It's literally impossible.
It's not like she's scary or anything. She's 5'3" with long black hair, and red lips. She wears pink dresses and has a teddy bear phone case.
She's a portrayal of innocence.
Adam didn't really know why nobody said no to her, the worst she could do was tweet out some hate, and there was a very low chance she would do even that. Maybe she wouldn't invite someone to one of her legendary parties. The kind that Adam had never been to. He didn't really care about the popularity, he wasn't going to see half of the people in his grade ever again. Adam cared more about his future.
And apparently so did the school.
Adam was the first in his year. He was captain of most of his school teams, he had a perfect track record. No detentions nothing.
He just didn't have any friends. It must have been the first time in history where someone who had his accomplishments wasn't popular. The truth of it was Adam had to be the biggest introvert in the whole of New York. He was shy, scared of other people. He was timid, despite his looks. If he had a bit more confidence he would've been  the student counsel president or the most popular boy in school. If he had more confidence he would probably have Bellamy Wood, who was secretly his dream girl.If he didn't have his social anxiety he would go to parties, he would hang out in the city with friends after school. His mother was worried, what normal sixteen year old boy didn't have any friends? Adam had a pleasant demeanor, he was a lovely boy according to his mother.

Judging by his personality its easy to tell that Adam tried to hide himself.  He let his coppery brown curls grow longer to cover his face, his hair was cut badly, he did it himself. He wore hoodies over his school uniform, with the hood always up. Adam hated conversations, he hated anything social. He sat alone at lunch everyday in the darkest corner of the cafeteria. Every day was a routine. To school and back home, no talking,and then blissful sleep.

There was one person who got into the way of this cycle. Camilla. She was getting irritating. Always there, always asking him to join her little plays, asking him to join bands. He waved her away like a fly. She was extremely persistent. Cam just didn't get it. She was so social and outgoing, the complete opposite of Adam. In some sick way she was his friend. But he couldn't let her know he thought that, she would try to get him to hang out with her, and next thing would lead to next and he'd be surrounded by people which was exactly what he didn't want to happen.

Adam didn't expect today to be any different, he'd came to school at exactly 8:30 with a fresh coffee in his hand. He shifted silently through the halls, he was silent in every class. Cam wanted to cast him in the school musical, she wouldn't even tell him the title. He told her no politely. She had rolled her eyes and walked away telling him to think about it.
Just a normal day.

Until Lunch.

Adam walked into the cafeteria, his lunch was packed in a brown paper bag which he clutched tightly. He sat at the empty table and ate his limp sandwich quickly. That was until she came.