
Paige's pov
It's the end of the world. People are dying and coming back, and eating the flesh off of other people. I call them geeks. I've been on my own for about a year now. I have little food, little water, no shelter. My family is dead. I don't know if my brother is still alive. We were seperated when it all started. I heard a twig snap behind me. I quickly turned around, my knife in my hand. A women came out of behing a tree. " who the hell are you?" I asked. " m-my name is Ruby. Please help me. I have no food, no water. Please I will die on my own" She pleaded. I kept my dagger in my hand, still holding it out in front of me. I saw that Ruby had a bag, hanging down by her waist, the strap around her. " Give me your bag" I said. She looked at me a little suprised. " Give me the fucking bag" I yelled witch made her jump. She took the bag off around her, and held it out in front, so I could take it. I snached it out of her hand, staring her straighed in the eye. I opened the bag and dug my hand around in it. There was nothing in there. Only a gun with no amao. I looked at her, and handed the bag back to her. " you can tag along, but you try anything, I will kill you" I said, my voice stern. She nodded her head yes, and stared at the ground. " Come on. We need to find shelter before dark" I said. She nodded her head agian. I started walking forward, Ruby following behind. " s-so how old are you?" She asked. " 14" I said still walking foward. " what's your favorite color?" She asked. Why the hell dose she want to know? " blue and black" I said. " why do you even-" all the sudden I felt a sharp pain in my stomech. " what the hell" I groned. I fell to the ground. Ruby was standing over me a bloody knife in her hand. " you bitch" I said holding my stomech. " shut up" she said and kicked me in the side. I yelled in pain. Ruby bent down and grabbed my bag. " sorry about  this" She kneeled down next to me. " I need to survive, and you had food, and water" She said. Ruby looked up to the sky. " nice meeting you" she said and stood up. All of the sudden an arrow gose flying into her head. Her lifeless body fall to the ground right next to me, than everything gose black.
Hey guys I hope you liked the first chapter!!! I am really excited to start this story. Please comment your thoughts on this chapter. Ok bye guys - Chayse ( ps picture of Paige up on top )