
Hey y'all I'm nia the always turn one in my group. I'm bout 5.6 and Im 16   I'm also the blunt one I say what ever the f***needs to be said I don't really give who I'm talking too. I'm brown skin with long curly natural  hair  i have a cocola bottle body shape, oh I also go to fontwood high school. and yea y'all nough said bout meh.
Wassup y'all its re'nae here all the wayyy turnt up, I know my blunt cunt sis didn't say we were related but yeah that  my lil  sis Lool I'm two years old then her and I just graduated high school 4 words "Nigga we made it" so I'm 5,9 I'm 18 and I'm brown skin with long  curly natural hair oh and I have cocola bottle shape .so ye bye y'all
Hey whats up hello seen your pretty ass staring all up in my book Lool hey guys my name taejah but errbody call me tae  I'm the one that always ready to fight with no chill zone yass like thats so me. antways  I'm 5,3 and don't get it twisted hunny my short ass will knock the hell outta you no jokes.so besides that im all bout my ride or dies like yasss lemme hurry tf up Cuz y'all read there shit so mine ain't go be to long anyways I'm skinny and mixed with Trini and vincy like the rest my r.o.d. I have long straight hair and dats it bye y'all.
Hey its ya girl dae'janae people call me dae  tho so yeah I'm 5,6 I'm thick asf and I have single braids umm I used to go to font wood high school but I'm finished along with all my r.o.d except foe the youngest  nia y'all take a moment foe my gurl still stuck in high school good foe that bish. I lie imma miss her as you can tell I'm the ghetto as hell one yesss do it the ghetto way or you back at square one. I'm dark skin and ye soo bye y'all starring to hard.
Last but  not least its mimi yass they call me Mimi Cuz I'm short asf but its oki I'm fun sized 5,0 years ikr but don't get me wrong im the one that will jack yo ass up any ways I'm light skin with midem hair and yea soo imma go now y'all talk to much byyye
...
.........hey guys if y'all have any suggestions comment, vote tell me how y'all feel bout the characters this my first book soo yea