
*Test Subject 1193 point of view*
I had to keep on running, by then they probably found out that I escaped. Earlier they just preformed a painful expirement, that made me really strong and can run at super speed, before that I was pretty strong but this I can lift a car with no sweat. But all I know I have to get out of that hell hole, some kids died in an expirement, but i;m not going to let that be me, and this is my story.
*End of point of view*
"DAMN IT GO FIND HER NOW"Dr Brundle the scientist yelled."Crap they found me that means I have to make my new abilitys useful"1193 said, as she used her super speed and was gone out of there sight in a giffy."Finally I should get in town mabe I can find someone who can help me"1193 thought. As she got in town she seen in a really long time, she was always at that hell hole she was not born there but she does not remember lots of stuff, 1193 was in there for 10 years so she barlly remembers any of this stuff, like cars, candy, normal people, etc.
"WOW this is soo cool"1193 exclamed. 1193 has light blonde hair with dark blonde strekes and has it put up in a ponytail with a braid wrapped around it, she wears an eyepatch over her left eye, and the right shows a baby blue eye, she wears a black tank top under a green vest,and also a silver dog tag around her neck, and wears short shorts, and light brown combat boots, she is really short 145 cm. "WOW this is sooo cool, iv'e never seen soo much food and cars and people, all at once"1193 exclamed. She walked around a little bit to take in her new suroundings then all the sudden she walks into some one."OOOF"both of them say."Oh sorry there dude didn't mean to bump into you"A cocky voice said."N-no propblem"1193 said back looking up at the really tall stranger."Hey, my name is Alfred F. Jones, whats yours"Said the man."U-u-um my name"1193 said back."Yeah dude your name I gave you mine, you give me yours"Alfred said back."U-u-um it's 1193"1193 studderd."What no your real name dude"He said more serious."T-t-that i-i-is my real name"1193 said back."Oh, well lets give you a proper name"Alfred said.
Alfred has sandy blonde hair with bright blue eyes and he had a cowlick on his right side, she wore red glasses, and a brown bomber jacket with the number 50 on the back with air planes on the arms with a star on the front, he wore blue jeans and had a shirt under the jacket that said "IM TH HERO" in capital letters, and wore combat boots also.
"How about Riley that suits ya"Alfred said with a big smile on his face."Sure I guess"Riley said."Hey wear do you live, I could give you a ride"Alfred said."Don't take me back there please, it's not really my home it's more of a hell hole the man that took care of me was a monster he's not even my father"Riley said in fear."Oh, then your staying at my house then"Alfred said with a serious face."I don't want to be a burden of you Alfred"Riley said."No dude your not going to be a burden, I live with my brother Mattie and his son Adam"Alfred said, with his smile."If you want me to"Riley said."Sure dude if I didn't want you to stay why would I ask"He said."O-o-ok"Riley said."Well lets head to my truck, and go to my house"Alfred said. Riley said nothing and followed Alfred to his truck."Your not some weird killer I should worry about should I"Riley asked as they reached the truck."No, why would yo-"Alfred stopped when he got what you ment."Nononono, I would never do that really"Alfred said with a serious face."Ok I trust you"Riley told him. As they got in the car Alfred's phone ringed and the ring tone was, Nobody's Listening by Linkin Park, "Hey bro, hold on i'm on my way home dude"Alfred said hanging up his phone."Damn it, I though he was in jail"Alfred said hitting the top of the dash bored."W-w-w-what's w-wrong A-a-a-alfred"Riley asked scared of his anger."Oh, sorry dude it's just this mad scientist is on the loose, that I thought was in prison for the last, 10 years, whats his name Brudle, Brokle""Brundle"Riley said."Yeah how did you know"Alfred said starting the car to drive."He's the one that kepted me in that hell hole"Riley said, and Alfred stepped on the breaks and stared at Riley for it seems like hours.