
He nodded again. "Great! Me too!" Katy exclaimed and the boy seemed to flinch slightly. I felt sorry for him. "Will you come up with me now because I have no idea where I'm going."
"Actually," he started. His voice was so soft and timid, it was barely there, like a whisper. "I'm waiting for-"
He was interrupted by a deep voice from behind us. "Who are you?"
We both turned, and in that moment I swear I forgot how to breathe completely. This guy was beyond beautiful. Like, mega beautiful. Again, I am terrible at describing appearances so imagine this: two angels, Logan Lerman and Freddie Fox had a baby and the baby had blond hair and blue eyes. That baby was this boy.
"Seb, it's okay." the boy squeaked, looking more petrified of 'Seb' than us.
"I asked them a question. Who are you?"
"I'm Katy and this is Daisy."
"What were you saying to him?" Seb said as his blue eyes flicked between me and Katy. "Huh?"
"Nothing, Seb." Katy said as Seb began to ball his fists at his sides.
"My name is Sebastian!" he hollered. "Only he gets to call me Seb!" he yelled while pointing to the other boy. "What were they saying to you?"
"Nothing," the other boy replied. "Honestly, they were asking me what class I had."
"Why?" Sebastian turned back to us and asked.
"I have the same class as him and I don't know where it is." Katy replied, sounding terrified.
Sebastian's eyes bore into us. "Come on, Jack," he said, not removing his eyes from mine. "You have maths. I'll take you there."
Jack stuffed his phone into his pocket and stood up, following Sebastian like a lost puppy. I turned to Katy. "Rude." I said.


A/N
So, the first part of my new story 'Blossom' is finally up! It's going to be a Teen Fiction novel that I'm going to enter into the Watty Awards 2015. You have to tell me if it's boring or cliché or if something needs improving, don't be afraid to tell me.
Anyway, Love you all, I'm hoping that it isn't terrible like I think it is (but I uploaded it anyway (;) and that you enjoy it!
-Gxlxies


