
All the windows in the new school room were boarded up.   The moon light still shined through their cracks and other blemishes in the old buildings construction. As I look around this room it is hard to believe that this was my church when I was younger. It almost makes me cry the shape that this place is in there are several holes in the roof. Under the biggest hole was were the stage used to be, now a crater with grass bellowing from it takes its place. Almost all the pews were broken up and used as fire wood or soon will be. Only two remain and they were pushed together in the shape of a half diamond. Both pews were filled by children spanning all ages, all of which were captivated by a large figure in front of them.   A massive man with broad shoulders was sitting in front of the children. He looks as if he was mauled by a bear from the amount and severity of the scars that riddled his body. His musculinity made it seem like he carried trees for fun. With thinning jet black hair accompanied by a bushy greying beard and deep green eyes that could stare into any man's soul. He wore tatterd clothing not unlike the rest of us in this town. This very gigantic and intimidating man is my father August.   A great number of towns people are gathered here in this small room tonight to here my father's stories. This had become a ritual almost, since the church was pretty well gone we just listened to a story from him once or sometimes twice a week, just depending on how bad the little kids bothered him about it. August's deep baratone voice boomed throughout the room, "what story shall I tell tonight"? All of the children are screaming over each other so you can't make out a sensible answer to August's question. " The war" a sarcastic answer from a man standing behind me.   When I turn around the one responsible for the comment does not suprise me at all. It was one of my best friends. Hugh was guilty of being a smartass. He and his brother Ezra are standing in the back of this small room. Ezra is leaning up against the wall with a slight smirk exposing itself on his face after his brothers remark because we have heard this story ten thousand times plus about five.   Hugh is pretty well known for his rude comments and bad temper, he gets infuriated just by someone giving him a dirty look. His stature is fairly short but his is built like an ox, his stature mixed with short brown hair and bright blue eyes make home look younger than Ezra but they are actually twins. Ezra is very tall, very skinny, has shaggy blonde hair, and dark green eyes. Sometimes it's honestly hard to believe they are related much less twins. Ezra has always been known as the smart one and is always trusted with making decisions, Hugh not so much a decision making man.   "I heard some one say the war" August said. "Yeah!" All of the children exclaimed at once.   "Well it all started about thirteen years ago. Dimitry who was hungry for power and eager to rule all decided to make a deal with the darkest mage their is. Although he was warned of the great cost his power would come with he was to consumed with the lust for power and rushed into the deal. Wraxus the dark mage flicked his wrist and a large fountain filled with a purple liquid exerting much magical energy appeared. Wraxus warned Dimitry that the fountain would change any who drank from it greatly but still Dimitry only cared for his power. Without wasting another second he drank an entire goblet full of the fountains liquid. Then refilled it and started it through the crowd surrounding him. First the generals of his military drank then the soldiers then all ordinary people." August paused took a drink of his water, glared at his audience and said " any questions "?   " Very well I'll continue, after his people drank from the goblet he wanted to put the fountain to the test. He pulled one soldier from the crowd and instructed him that if he did not give it every thing he had that his life would end very soon. Before Dimitry could finish talking the young man had swung his right fist, but he dodged the blow like the man was in slow motion. He tried again to strike his leader but this time Dimitry just grabbed his fist and with his other hand grabbed his throat. Soon the young soldiers feet left the ground he was suspended at least two foot off the ground then Dimitry slamed him so hard that it left an immpression of his body in the ground plenty hard enough to kill any normal man. When the man stood back up Dimitry pulls a pistol off an officers side, nods at his opponent and fires two shots in his chest. He slowly droped to his knees holding his chest then looked up smiling and held his hands out with two bullets in his palms. Showing his completely healed chest off.   Dimitry spoke to the crowd while spinning slowly trying to look every one in the face." We have suffered harsh winters, we have suffered countless casualties at the hands of the barbaric tribes to the north. Throughout all of this we were  promised aid that we never received from any of our alliances with other territories. We will stand for this no more we are not the northern territory any more we are now the Kurath! These territories that have wronged us have two options we will let them bow to our might, or they will die at our feet!" With a bead of sweat rolling down his tattered forehead August says with a smirk " Although he never expected such a fight from us in the south"   August takes a long breath and swallows a mouth full of spit. "Over the next few days he militarized his entire territory. Within a week he had started his March on the western territory. The west being weak they really didn't stand much of a chance but despite there weakness they still fought to the last man. Dimitry was hell bent on sending a message though, he burnt every building and slaughtered every family all of there cultures and achievements were lost for ever. When the central territory heard the news of the west they bowed just like Dimitry wanted and that nearly doubled Dimitry's army. He sent agents to the east and to us in the south to accept our surrender. They never found the capital in the east because its deep in the treacherous forest valley and we just told the agent he sent to shove it."   August stops talking looks around the room then glares deeply at me." That did not sit well with Dimitry he immediately launched an all out assault on us. He traveled to our lands were they were not familiar with our terrains so we had an advantage there. Although we had that advantage we were still out manned and out gunned. All of our people willing and able joined together and fought his army for three long years. We fired every round of ammo we could get our hands on then whenever all the bullets were gone we resorted to swords, spears, bows & arrows, axes, and any thing else we could get in our hands to kill the Kurath. They destroyed many of our cities left most batlle zones in ruins. Then our capital was taken from us and those who still want to be free are forced to hide just as we are now. The time for hiding is almost over now though."   Pointing at me August stands and his voice begins getting louder." This boy, my son standing before you is going to end this nightmare. Yes this six foot tall one hundred and ninety pound boy is gonna take Dimitry and his entire army down. Do any of you know why?" At this point August is practically yelling and I have already turned blood red with embarrassment. " Well I am going to tell you why, he is the last descendent of the mage blood line. That means he was born with his powers and did not have to go to Wraxus and make a deal to get them. Not only that but his powers are stronger than some one who had to make a deal to get there's. My son Eli is going to save us all and Dimitry can not do a damn thing abou....." In the middle of August's sentence we all hear a window shattering scream come from outside. Myself, Ezra, Hugh, August, and a few other men rush out the door.   As we stand in the moon lit street we hear a loud bang a couple of shacks down. Suddenly the door to that shack slams on the ground and a lifeless body of a man follows it. Emerging from the dark door way is a man in all black with glowing red eyes. As I look up at my dad he is frozen with fear and he manages to say two words the first was Kurath and the second was run.
