
I didn't notice he was still holding my hands, I felt someone grabbed my wrist, it was Haise. "Eh?" Tanaka-san released my hand. "Sorry but she's not available anymore. She's mine." Haise gave him a sharp glare and pulled me out from the bookstore. Tanaka-san waved at me.
"H-Haise, you found the book you want to buy?" I asked, but he didn't answer me. He still dragging me out. I can see his face was red, OKAY, HE'S ANGRY.
//
We're now in Haise's car. Its been 20+ minutes and we didn't speak of anything. "Haise, are you angry?" I tried to broke the silent.
No answer.
"Haise?" I tried again. "What?" finally he answer, his eyes were focusing on the road, he's driving back to his apartment. "I'm sorry if you're angry..." I apologized. "You better be." He's on his Sasarious face. I chuckled. "What's so funny, [Y/n]" he asked with a monotone voice. "Haise, were you jealous?"
No reply.
Yup, he's still angry.
We reached at his apartment, I followed him. "Haiiiiise~" I called him. He looked at me, "What" still with his monotone voice. I sighed, "You still jealous?" I chuckled again. "I-I'm not jealous! [Y/n]!" "You know Haise, you look you cute when you're jealous." I teased him, actually no, it's really cute!
Without any warning, Haise grabbed my wrist and put it on top on my head against the wall. "Yes, I am jealous." He's serious. "I don't like it when others boy can make you laugh, and not me!" he looked into my eyes and his eyes softened,
"I don't want anyone to have your heart, kiss your lips, be in your arms, be the one you love, I don't want anyone to take my place."
"I'm afraid of loosing you, [Full name]."
These sentences has touch my heart, our face was inches away. I smiled slowly then I cupped his chin, I used my the palm of my hands to pull him closer, and we're locking ours lips.
We stopped and I pulled back and looked into his grey orbs, "Don't worry, Haise. You won't be replaced by other boy in my heart." I said and mantain our eyes contact.
"I love you," both of us said the same 3 words, we chuckled.

-FINISHED-
Thanks for reading,
Reader-chan! ♡(◜ω◝)♡