
Jazmin Pov
"Come on, I really don't want to fight this Judal guy, he not my style" I told Sinbad for the tenth time today. I'm pretty sure he's not paying attention but he will listen when I back out of this fight.
"I'm sorry, but Aladdin is hurt badly, your the only Magi left"  Just a few days ago I was found by Sinbad. I was hungry and he had took me in. Yesterday I found out I was A Magi. Magi is like a magician. Yet the world fate is in our hands. There were two types of magi. Good, which is me and Aladdin, and Bad, which is this Judal guy.
"You have to, he hurting many people" he begged.
"I told you I'm not ready!" I yelled and looked at him. I wanted nothing more then, to lay down on my bed and just eat food.
"I told you, you are" Sinbad yelled. I flinched. I never heard Sinbad yell at anyone and him yelling at me gave me no choice but to do what he asked.
"I'm going to fight him" I looked down at the marble floor under me. Sinbad was already mad and if I denied the command he will get angrier. I looked up, tears in my eye, and nodded. Sinbad smiled and didn't dare meet my eyes.
"Its not going to work, clean your face, he's going to here soon, he plan to meet his 'match'" my eye widened. He was already planing to be here?
"Better hope he's not cute. Cause if he is, I'm dropping everything and jumping over to his side" I said out loud and Sinbad face drop. I shrugged and went back into my room. I laid on my bed wondering what is Judal person is like? Is he rude? Dose he like apples? Peaches? Is he cute?
"Jazmin?" I heard Aladdin say. I sat up and looked at him curiosity filling my eyes.
"Why are you up?"	I got up from the bed and took the same blue headed boy in my arms. He gasp at my sudden strength and I placed him on my bed, tucking him in safely.
"Jazmin, are you really going to join Judal side, if he is cute?" I looked down at the floor, wondering what to tell this blue headed 10 year old boy.
"Yes" I said truthfully. "I never wanted to fight him, and if he's cute I'll join him. But it not because I want to become bad, but because I can spy on him, see what makes him so bad" I told Aladdin the truth, I never intended to become bad or whatever he's thinking. Aladdin hugs my torso and I give him a kiss on his forehead.
"Thank you for telling me the truth"
"I would never actually join the team that put you through this" I whisper and I heard Sinbad running into my room. My head snapped up and he looked crazed. Almost as some on died.
"What's up?" His eyes drifted from me to the now sleeping Aladdin hugging my torso. I slowly peeled his hands hands off my torso and walked over to the crazed purple man. Sinbad is a tall, attractive man with tan skin and a muscular build. He has golden eyes and very long, purple hair tied in a ponytail. He wears floor-length purple and white robes, a white turban with feather decorations, and pointed red shoes. Sinbad also wears a lot of jewelry, most of which are actually the Metal Vessels (bangle, necklace, ring, etc.) he's collected over his years of dungeon diving, though he has had his hoop earrings since childhood. Sinbad also has a long, thin ahoge that sticks straight up.
"He's here. " I nod and walk back over to Aladdin and studying the way he looks before I leave and don't come back for a little while.
Aladdin has a short, small figure, with medium long blue hair and bangs that stop at his eyes. He has large blue eyes, and a long, thin braid that extends down to his back. He is said to be the spitting image of his father yet his eyes came his mother. He usually wears his Magic Turban on his head, which he uses to fly.A ruby sits on his forehead, connected to the turban. Usually, he wears a small blue open vest with bandages wound around his chest. He wears long puffy white Arabian pants with no shoes. He always has his ex-metal vessel(a golden flute) around his neck.