
~"DONT YOU DARE TOUCH HER!" The woman yelled bravely. She was beautiful and strong.
"YOU JUST LISTEN DO YOU?! I WARNED YOU!" A man yelled at her with a loud frightening voice, I knew he was bad, he had a knife in his hand, I can't make out what he looks like, just a faint image.
"STOP! LEAVE MY MOM ALONE!" I screamed, I didn't know what was going on but I wanted to protect this woman, I felt tears on my face, my legs were shaking, my heart was beating out of my chest. I ran from the corner and rammed myself against the vicious mans legs, making him stumble a bit and drop his knife.
The large man angrily slapped me across the face with his hand, the sharp impact sent me falling to the ground with a bright red stinging and painful mark on face. This monster of a human being was too powerful for me. I couldn't defeat him.
"You will not disrespect me like that young lady!" He screamed in my face, almost trying to sound like a father figure. He roughly grabbed me by my shoulders and yanked me back up from the floor and into his tight grasp. He squeezed me until I was out of breath, I squirmed and tried to escape but I was weak.
"I SAID DONT TOUCH MY DAUGHTER!" The woman's voice boomed, she swooped in and tackled my monster to the ground without a problem, allowing me to escape his deadly hold. She wasn't hesitant to risk her own life to save mine. Everything went dark, I knew something bad would happen. The evil man screamed with anger his loud was so loud and intimidating I shivered with fear. He grabbed his knife from the floor andI watched in slow motion as he rammed it into the chest of my hero, the woman who is loved with all my heart, my mother. It was as if time stopped, I heard her loud piercing scream that would haunt me forever as she hit the ground with a loud thud.~
"MOM!" I shot up in bed in a cold sweat.
It was just a dream, well nightmare. I took a deep breath to calm myself down.
"Alex? What's wrong?" Gerard yawned as he entered my room sleepily, his black shoulder length hair was messy and slightly covering his pale face. I felt bad for waking him up all the time in the middle of the night with my reoccurring nightmares.
"W-Wheres Jovie?" I liked it when both of them came in my room to comfort me.
"She's in bed, she needs her rest." He said sitting on the edge of my bed. I frowned.
"Bad dream again?" He guessed.
It was the usual after all. For as long as I could remember Iv had a reoccurring dream about my real parents, I don't know much about my mother, she died when I was only six years old but I remember we were close. Every memory I have of her (I don't have much) are blurry. However, sadly, this reoccurring dream iv had  is still crystal clear.
"Alex? Is everything okay?" My adoptive mom Jovie walked into my room. She was in a oversized night shirt showing off her tattoo sleeves and pajama shorts, she had her long black hair tied back out of her face in a loose ponytail.
"Its okay Jovie I got it, you really should go back to bed and get some sleep." Gerard said protectively as he tucked me under the covers as if I was six again. Jovie ignored him and sat down on the edge of my bed looking at me with a loving smile that made me feel safe. Gerard sat back down and wrapped an arm around his wife, pulling her closer to him so he could leave little kisses on her cheek and rub his hand over her stomach. Those two really love each other.
"I'm fine now Jovie." I didnt want to bother them or keep them up with my problems.After a minute or two of reassuring them I was fine they retreated back to their room. Even though im adopted they treat me like their own child. I was adopted by this couple my mom was close friends with in college, Jovie and Gerard Way. But before that I was in foster care and taking therapy for a brief amount of time, I still have to take the aniexy medication because I haven't completely recovered from Traumatic Stress Disorder, Dr. Leigh says I lack a thing called "Closure". My adoptive parents are always telling me about my mom but I don't know anything about my biological father other than the fact he killed my mom and is in prison, Jovie and Gerard never mention him, I don't even know his name. Since I don't know anything about him I'm curious, what was he like? Did he love me and my mom? Why don't I have any other memories of him? I wonder if at one point we were a real loving family, not that I don't love Jovie and Gerard, I just think about what my old parents were like.