
"So Tyler, what's wrong?" I ask my patient, Tyler Joseph, as he stares at the floor wide eyed. "There's an infestation in my mind's imagination." I try to  make sense of what he's told me. "What do you mean?" "How do i make the voices stop?!" He yells. "That's what we're attempting to do, Tyler. Just bare with me. We'll get you through this, okay?" "Does this mean I've lost my dream?!" "No. No, it doesn't. Right now you've just got a crazy mind to clean, i'm gonna help you with that""Mrs. Montgomery, is my session over?" "I'm afraid it is." "Already?" "I'll see you next Monday, Tyler"I tell him, smiling. He nods solemnly, and walks out. I've had Tyler as a patient for only a few months. Sometimes it feels like his condition is getting better, sometimes worse. At one point somebody broke into his car and smashed his radio, which had been very hard for him to deal with. For a while after he kept on muttering about how somebody stole his car radio and would then just sit there, in silence. It was very hard to get through to him. He would how ever, write. Beautiful, meaningful, yet insane words that flowed together like verses in a song. Lately it seemed i was getting through to him more, and he was talking more, but still writing in his journal, which he gave to me every time he visited. He had left it on the table today , meaning he wrote something that he was unsure of, and wasn't completely sure if he wanted me to read it. Whenever he really wanted me to read his journal he would hand it to me before he left, telling me he really wanted me to understand and to help him. Sometimes he would even give me the journal at the beginning of the session. This meant he was ready to see me read and ready for me to ask him about his newest entry or entries. But today, he had just left it on the table. I took this to mean he did not want to see my reaction when i read, and wasn't ready to deal with my reaction to what to whatever it is he had written. I understood this of course, personal thoughts were hidden in this book. It took several sessions for him to even trust me enough to let me read his journal. I sighed, and flipped to the newest page, which was entitled "Heavy Dirty Soul".
There's an infestation in my mind's imagination                                                                                                               I hope they choke on smoke cause I'm smoking them out the basement                                                               This is not rap, this is not hip-hop                                                                                                                                     Just another attempt to make the voices stop                                                                                                                   Rapping to prove nothing, just writing to say something                                                                                         'Cause I wasn't the only one who wasn't rushing to say nothing
Gangsters don't cry,Therefore...therefore I'm....Mr. Misty-eye, therefore I'm...
Can you saveCan you save myCan you save my heavy dirty soul?Can you saveCan you save myCan you save my heavy dirty soul?For me, for me, ohCan you save my heavy dirty soul?For me, for me, ohCan you save my heavy dirty soul?Written in pen, several of the words were bled together and the page was crumpled and parts of the page were stuck to another page. I'd seen this before with other pages. He was crying while he wrote this.
No, I didn't understand the thing you saidIf I didn't know better, I guess you're all already deadMindless zombies walking around with a limp and a hunchSaying stuff like, "You only live once"You got one time to figure it outOne time to twist and one time to shoutOne time to think and I say we start now
I smiled at his inspiring words.Inspired by my schizophrenic patient , crazy i know. But he wrote some pretty deep stuff sometimes. A lot of the time, actually.
