
Her name is Rose. She has beautiful blue eyes and long dirty blond hair. She is a little shorter than me, but she is not at all like me. I am a king. I am a god. She is a mortal. I should not even be watching her, but ever since I found her during my attack at New York I couldn't help but make sure she is okay.
In New York I was riding on a ship and I saw one of the frost giants attacking her. She was so beautiful and I don't know what came over me, but I jumped off of the ship and killed the frost giant. She looked at me and I could tell she was afraid. I held my hand out to help her up, but she rejected me and ran in the opposite direction.
My brother Thor has agreed to let me visit her as long as if she tells me to leave I leave. I haven't spoken to her since New York and that was weeks ago. I just follow her around and a couple of times when I saw trouble coming her way I stopped it. Whether is was a man with a knife or an accident of some sort. I haven't let her see me ad I hope she hasn't noticed because I'm going to go talk to her today and see what happens. Maybe she can explain the why I saved her life several times.
As soon as I was on the Earth's surface I walked to were she was. Rose was sitting in a restaurant around the corner from where I landed. I changed into the mortals style of clothing and walked into the building. She was sitting in a booth in the back by herself. As she was looking down at her food I sat down across her.
She didn't notice me for a couple of seconds. When she did she jumped in her chair and looked very afraid. Immediately I begin to get up. I don't want to told to leave by a mortal and I know that's where this conversation is going.
"Wait. Sit down." I looked back at her curiously, "Please," she said.
I sat back down and looked into her eyes. She looked back into mine and I tried to understand why I was even here. Why was I talking to a mortal? I was supposed to rule this mortal not wish to kiss her. Wait. That's why I'm here. I have heard my brother speak of this. He tells his mortal, Jane, it all the time. Love. Is that why I'm here? Love? I don't love. I cannot love. I am a ice giant. I am a god.
"You were the man that saved at the battle of New York right?" she asked me and her voice made my mind go blank for a second.
Once I had my mind back I said, "I am no man. I am a god." I guess my voice was louder than I thought it was because several people sitting around us turned and stared at me.
"A god." As Rose said this a smile arose on her face.
"Why are you smiling, mortal? I am a god."
"Mortal? That's a first. I have never been called that before."
"People do not call you what you are?"
"Am a Rose and is what people call me. Please do the same." She smiled at me again and I had a strange feeling in my stomach. It was a new feeling, I liked it, but I had know idea what it was. Was it the silly love again?
"What is love?" I asked her and I don't believe she heard me. "What is love?" I asked louder this time.
"I heard you I was just thinking." She paused before continuing, "Love is explainable. It is when two people, or I guess in your case two gods, feel strongly for one another and they express it kindly." She took a bite of her food and looked back at me. "Why are you asking?"
"Do you weird when you are own this love?" I asked and she burst into laughter. "Why are you laughing?"
"You don't own love." She paused again and looked down at her food, "I guess in a way love owns you. When you are in love you would do anything for that other person."