
I've always preferred busy places filled with noise. Not because I like people but because it fills the gaps in some ways. In silence there's room for questioning, room for doubt, room for regret. In the bustling crowds there is only here and now.
So why is it, I'm lying in my bedroom, staring at the ceiling when I could be downstairs, eating breakfast with my 3 sisters and 2 brothers? I don't know either.
At the bottom of my bed my trunk is lying wide open. I'm leaving soon for my first ever summer camp, so I guess I should be downstairs saying goodbye and promising to write every day but I guess I just feel distant. Everyone has someone, except me that is. I think that's why mum has rushed me off the camp for the six week holidays, to make friends. I can't help feeling it's just to get me out of the house though.
Pacing the room I pause by a family photo from about six years ago, everyone is smiling and I'm a 10 year old with gappy teeth and wearing a beaded necklace. My dad is standing above me, he's got Olivia on his back, she was only 8 then. I never know how to feel about dad, sometimes I'm angry he left without saying a word but then other times I feel sorry for him and I understand. I understand what it's like to be buried under so much shit that you can't breathe and all you can think about is leaving. I understand because that's what I think of too.
"Alissa?"My oldest sister, Rebecca calls upstairs for me, she sounds sort of relaxed so I decide it's probably an alright time to go downstairs. I throw the photo into my trunk and then plod down the cream carpet stairs.
Downstairs it looks like a bomb has gone off. The twins are lying on the floor front of the TV watching cartoons and eating cereal but it looks like Elliot has split his. Olivia has her headphones in and is strewn across a pile of laundry with her eyes shut. My eldest brother, Danny is nursing a hangover from his night out over the sink and Rebecca is trying to wrestle a new bin liner into the bin. I pull a chair and sit down at the table.
"Where's mum?" I ask "She went out for some tea bags about an hour ago," Olivia doesn't even open her eyes to reply, she's like a statue. Rebecca turns around her curly blonde hair is in a bun on top her head and it looks like she hasn't slept in days.
I stare with my mouth open like a fish for a few seconds. I close it again about to ask if she's okay but she beats me to it. "I'm fine, thanks for asking and your bus is picking you up for camp in like 20 minutes you better be ready!"
"I am I swear, I just need to bring my trunk downstairs. Will mum be back to say bye?"
"How the hell would I know Alissa, you're sixteen, you're old enough to not need mummy all the time!"
"I know that Becca, but-"
"I'm eighteen, and I'm not your mother, so go sort yourself out and go to the bus stop, okay?"