
Rukia was in her room getting ready for school(they do not wear school uniforms) she put on a blue and black long sleeve shirt and some dark blue pair of pants and regular shoes she walk down stares to see her dad making breakfast
Byakuya:good morning rukia.
Rukia:good moring father.
He gave her the plate and when she was done he gave her a ride to school
Rukia:bye father
Byakuya:bye rukia oh and tonight i have work you have to walk home today sorry.
Rukia:it's ok father .
When he was gone rukia went inside and when she came to her locker Rangkiu was there rangkiu had a light pink shirt and skirt and high hills
Rukia: what do you want rangkiu?
Rangkiu:oh nothing was going to ask you why don't you where anylight colors or pink, yellow, or green.
Rukia:i dont like them.
Rangkiu:like any other ugly person.
After that rukia went to class an sat in her seat rukia sat alone.
Teacher:ok ok class today we have a new student his name ia Ichigo kursaki!
Ichigo walk in all the girls started to drool because well look at him! But rukia wasn't she wasn't even looking at him
Teacher:so you can sit by the girl with short black hair!
Ichigo sat by rukia
Teacher:ok seens we have a new student we will have a free day i will tell the other teacher right now!
When the teacher left the kids started to go the there friends but rukia didnt ichigo looked at her
Ichigo: hey whats your name?
Rukia looked at him
Rukia:Rukia kuchiki. Why do you want to know?
Ichigo:i dont know you looked interesting so.
Rukia laughed a little
Ichigo:wait whats wrong with you you look... pail?
Rukia: well you were going to figure out anyway i have.......cancer.
Ichigo:oh sorry.
Rukia:it ok.
They talk the whole day when school was over rukia was walking home an someone came up to her
Rukia:ichigo!
Ichigo:sorry if i scared you hey wanna walk together?
Rukia:sure but i don't really walk much my dad sometimes comesto get me.
Ichigo:well my dad had to go to a meeting for somedays so me and my sisters have to be alone sobi will be walking sometimes too.
Rukia:wait you only have a dad?
Ichigo:well yes but my mom died 2 years ago so i live with him now.
Rukia:oh sorry
Ichigo:its ok but seens your dad is not here...
Ichigo grab rukia hand and started running