
"Ok baby mommy is going to take you to the hospital" I said picking her up grabbing my car keys I rush her into the car n turn the ac on. "How are you feeling baby girl?" I ask but get a little groan as her response she was all sweaty and looked as if she was sleeping the hospital was a 15 min drive I pull up and park as close to the entrance as I could. I opened her door and unbuckled her I picked her up n she wrapped her arms around me I carried her into the children's hospital and there they rushed her into the emergency room. I called Chres I called him 5 times before he called back like 15 min later I was beyond pissed.
Chrisanto august
Me and maliyah was finishing up when we both reached our climax my phone was off we than fix ourselves up n smiled I kisses her strawberry red flavored lips one more time n smiled.
"I love you" maliyah said as she put her head down
"What?" I heard her loud and clear i just wanted to make sure I heard correctly
"I love you" she repeated
I was stuck I could only look at her "I- uh- maliyah" I stuttered "u can't love me" I said in a disappointed voice
"Why not?"she questioned me angrily
"You know why you knew what you was getting yourself into from the first time u seduced me you knew I was married than and you know it know" I said and a irritable tone cause I also knew the game I was playing and the cards I was dealing but I simply overlooked it and got blind sided Tamara was nothing like maliyah her coco skin glowed with beauty and her thick kinky curls are wild and daring her full lips wide hips and busty breast my wife has it going on 5'2 with the most amazing smile I ever seen she lights up every room she walks in with her sweat vanilla perfume she's a goddess with her big almond shaped eyes so big and brown I love ever flaw about my wife she is nothing less than perfection in my eyes. I look maliyah in her eyes and take her hand "from this day on we can no longer do this I'm in love with my wife and you just caught me when I was weak n lonely and you deserve better than me I love you but I'm in love with my wife and loosing her is one thing I don't want" I said as kindly as I can. I felt a sharp pain go across my face
"FUCK YOU!" She said angrily and stormed out my office leaving a a trail of Victorias secret very sexy perfume. I sunk into my chair turned on my phone Tamara had called me over 5 times I knew it was serious my heart skipping a beat in a panic I call her back as fast as I could tamara was ferrous. Tamara nagged at me while crying she's yelling and cursing and I deserve it while I was out doing my dirty work zayla was in the hospital with a high fever I felt guilty for not paying them enough attention I was so caught up in work and forgot what was really important.
I hope y'all enjoy it thank you and I'll like to apologize ahead of time if there is any misspelled words please don't be to harsh on me lol