
Well I love reading, music, movies, I heard my mom really liked those too. Also for some reason I found the whole morbid, death thing interesting... My earliest memory is pushing that motherfucking bitch Susie off the slide at pre k I mean sure she broke her leg but we all make mistakes right? But my dark creative mind can come in handy when it comes to helping Gerard with song ideas, speaking of which, Gerard is in a band called 'My Chemical Romance' which kinda makes my life alittle less than normal. I love Gerard and the guys. I love touring and being with them but trust me.... it has its downsides.
Now I know that the MCRmy is full of amazing people but when it comes to me and fangirls at my school- There are three types of fangirls Iv delt with.
1. Those hardcore fans that go full on demon possession when they see me. "OH MY FUCK ITS ALEXANDRA WAY GERARD WAYS DAUGHTER!!!" Then proceed to chase me home in hopes to meet Gerard.
2. Those fangirls who try and play it super casual with me but they unintentionally end up being weird and creepy as hell. They usually just stalk me a few feet away hidden in a bush or shrub then come up to me and ask for some of my hair for their scrapbook.
3. Frerard Shippers.
So. Many. Frerard. Shippers.
They're everywhere and relentless.
Theres nothing wrong with Frerard shippers but I've had fans ask me quite disturbing questions about my dad and uncle.
Ah, I'll never forget my memorial first day of middle school, sixth grade specifically. I put my old elementary days behind me, and I was determined for a fresh start. As soon as I walked in my homeroom class a group of girls quickly spun their heads 360° to face me. (Probably breaking their necks in the process) They were eyeing me like I eye hot topic clothes on sale.
"Hi, I'm Ale-"
"Which one takes the dick? Gerard or Frank?"
Yes. They asked me that. Those exact words. If this was some quirky sitcom you'd hear that record sratch noise.
I couldn't even remember what ran through my head when she asked me that other than "THE FUCK????"
Besides, even trying to introduce myself was pointless, this group of Gerard fangirls already knew it, along with my birthday, height, dental records, hell, they knew things about me I didn't even know!That day after school I looked up frerard. I still have the images superglued on the inside of my eyelids. Cringe worthy and unforgettable.
I remember letting out a traumatized blood curdling scream, of course that only made Frank and Gerard burst in my room.
"ALEX??!" They yelled worried, but the sight of them only reminded me of what I just saw so I screamed again and crawled frantically under my bed.
"I think its a teenager thing." Frank muttered.
And that was day one. It only got more mentally scaring then on, middle school was when kids were just starting to discover the fandom's they wanted to sell their souls to and one of the biggest (And Greatest) bandoms was MCR.