
Heroes
Prologue
"Get it together, rookie."
A giant, white spider smashed into the nearby bell tower wall right then. "Hey, what the hell is going on?!" the same man with spoke. I heard footsteps behind me, and turned to look at the person.
He spoke in a low voice, "We got him cornered. Ready the ballistae." The previous man ordered the rest of the mercenaries to advance the blades, and they all replied with the same answer: "Yes, sir!" One stopped and pointed to the arachnid, which was climbing the bell tower, and destroying it in the process. "He's climbing the tower!"
The man who seemed to be the captain then ordered the mercenaries to "load ballistae" himself.
The helmsman stopped. "Captain, the tower will collapse if we fire right now."
"Doesn't matter. Prepare to fire!" Suddenly, a bright blur ran in front of a ballista. It turned out to be a beautiful woman with blonde hair dressed in a white and gold dress who yelled "stop!" She looked like an important figure of the town.
"Stop, hold!" the captain ordered.
"Hold fire! Hold fire!" the helmsman repeated. "Tieve, that's dangerous! Move out of the way!"
The captain let his arms drop. "Tieve, what are you doing?"
The woman shook her head, "Aodhan, Please give me some time. He's not usually this violent. I'll talk to him."
Aodhan, the captain, replied, "People's lives are in danger. That's no longer the town's guardian. It's just a monster. Move aside!"
Tieve had a troubled expression on her face. "But," she sighed.
"Let us handle this. Reload ballistae!" Aodhan ordered. The mercenaries began repeating this.
Once again, the woman ran in front of the ballista. "Oracle, we don't have much time!" the helmsman whined.
"Marrec, don't you trust me? I must go up there! He's frightened. He's terrified. I can hear his voice..."
The captain sighed heavily. "All right, but I go with you. Marrec, grab some men and follow."
"Yes, sir. Follow the captain!"
Several mercenaries, Aodhan, Tieve, and I entered the tower. "Wait! Don't move!" Aodhan ordered. He picked up something that looked like a rock from where I was standing. "A Fomorian Emblem... What is this doing here?" Without warning, there was a scream. It came from the Oracle. The mercenaries behind me called, "Ambush! Prepare for battle!" Soon, everyone other than Tieve and I were down. I heard Marrec softly speak to me, saying "Rookie, protect the Oracle." After a few floors of fighting monsters, a piece of wood collapsed onto Tieve, causing her to faint. I carried her up to the top of the tower, when she woke up. Once she saw the giant spider, she ran up to it and quietly communicated with it.
"It's all right now," she whispered. The spider was breathing heavily, struggling to maintain control. "It's all right. Shhh. You'll be fine. Why did you attack? Tell me. Why were you so scared?" After a short pause, she began asking more questions. "Who did what? Who?" Again, the Fomorian Emblem appeared on the spider's head, and it resumed attacking. I figured it was time for me to step in, just until the ballista attacks commence. When they did, one ballista managed to pin the spider to the ground and have it struggle to escape. The spider then climbed to the very top of the tower bell, which collapsed and made the spider lose balance and fall. In a short moment, the bell was on top of the spider, crushing it. As it was struggling to get out from beneath the bell, Tieve ran up to it once more. "No! Please... Are you hurt? Hang on, I'll get you out. Please..." she began weeping, "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry..."