
Halen let go of Gerard and stood back next to me, Gerard and Jovie exchanged looks before Jovie let out nervous laughter and nonchalantly rubbed the back of her head like she had a head ache.
"Um... How's ...how'd you get our address..." She peeped.
"What's going on???"  I finally managed to jump in, everyone snapped their heads towards me. Jovie sighed then put on another forced smile.
"Alex, this is H-"
"I'm Halen! Halen Hamilton." She stated proudly while flipping her golden blonde hair.
"But you can call my Aunt Halen!" She added. Again, if this was a quirky sitcom you'd hear that record scratch about now.
"Jovie I'm scared." I whinned.
"Alex, this is my... sister Halen." She restated. I stared at Halen and Jovie, I'm guessing by Jovies reaction they dont have the best relationship.
"Halen, uh, its nice to see you again an all but-" Gerard started.
"Why, um... are you here?" He asked quietly trying not to sound rude.
"Well i thought itd be best for me to stop by for surprise! My sister is PREGNANT after all! Its finally time for me to my duties of an auntie!"
I looked at Jovies small baby bump then back at Halen and crossed my arms.
"I'm Jovies- kid." I said trying to find the right word, even though Im adopted I considered myself her kid.
"How come I'm just meeting you now?" I asked, she never showed up to be my "auntie".
"Aw, how cute." She cooed and patted my head.
I grimaced, even since Jovie became pregnant iv been feeling like old news. Its not like old times, now Gerard and Jovie are focused on their upcoming baby.
"Here. Take this to the guest room." Halen snapped as she flung heavy suitcases at me.
"Woah woah woah woah woah um wow, no." Jovie cringed eyeing the suitcases.
"What are you doing??" She asked her sister.
"Jovie, your pregnant, you need me. Im going to lend a helping hand and help you prepare for this little bundle of joy! So ill be staying for a few weeks helping you fix your life!" She explained with a snap of her fingers.
"Plus we can finally bond as sisters! SHOPPING!!!" As added in a giddy squeal.
Jovie and Gerard stood there frozen and dumbfounded.
Yep. Im definitely hearing that imaginary record sratch noise about now.
----------------------------------
Tada! Chapter 1 of the "Friends With Benefits" Sequal. Hope it was alright!