
Today its starts, where it all began.
Today was my first day in the real world. I had just ended high school and I didn't want to go to college. I am lucky. I am SO lucky.That's because my mother and father have enough money that they bought me a house, furniture, and a car. Most people don't get to be as lucky as me. But I don't take things for granted. At least I think I don't.
My parent found a job for me at an office. I am not really excited to be working in an office but hey, its a job right! I would much rather be a fashion designer. I guess I will have that as a hobbie.
So, let me tell you about my past life. I went to a private elementary school but when I got into middle school, my parents thought I was ready enough to be in a public school. And I was. I was nervous. But, I found myself have more freedom, friends, and fun. But font forget the 4th "F", Fashion choice.
That's when I found my desire to be a fashion designer. My mom bought me a sewing machine, fabric, needles, and thread, and within weeks I was in love.
Anyway, when I got into high school, most of my friends moved away or found other friends. The rest just got caught in drugs or other high school drama. I was on my own. Until I met Abby. Abby was the only person who I needed. She showed me who I really am, and how to live. She understood me and my problems and we rarely ever fought. We would hang out pretty much everyday. And most of the time we would sleepover at each others houses', even on school nights, and we would stay up all night just talking. If our parents told us we couldn't sleep over that night, we usually just snuck out of our houses' in the middle of the night.
It's like we were meant to be.
She showed me things I never knew existed. She showed me how to love. How to love who I still love. Michael. I love him. So much... Much more than life itself. You could say that I'm overreacting but I do love him. I just wished that I could marry him and live life with him. But its not that easy, he is in college. Its hard to maintain our relationship. Really hard.
Oh, I almost forgot. My name is Willow, Willow Grace Michell. Yep, that's me...