
This is dedicated to @Slim_Shady
Chloe Armell
I am now leaving my last class of the day with my diary in hand. More like a planner, but you already know that. I walk over to my car and drive to my flat, shared with my boyfriend of 3 years Reece Carter.
I arrive home and unlock the doors. Everything is pitch black. Not one light turned on. I sigh in disappointment. Ive been getting used to this. He's out all night training with Val and the guys. Speaking of Val, he finally found a girlfriend. They have been going out for about a year now.
I turn on the lights of the living room and I almost died at the scene in front of me.
"Surprise!" I heard everyone yell. And by everyone I mean Gabriella, Allie, Dennis, Jake, Jayden, Val, his girlfriend, the girlfriends of Jake and Jayden but there was something missing. My boyfriend was not there. I hide my disappointment with a smile and hug each of them thanking them for remembering my birthday.
"Let me go change real quick" I said and walked to my bedroom
I open the door and see lots of rose petals. I see candles lit up in Reece and I's vanity and desks. I turn to see him standing there, looking hot as ever, with a cheesy grin spread across his face.
I run up to him hug him and give him a kiss.
"Happy birthday, Nerd" He said using my high school nick name.
"I thought I told you to stop calling me that" I said still holding on to him
"I thought I said I wouldn't" He replied sassily
"I love you" I said kissing him once again
"I love you too" He said smiling against my lips
We walked out of the bed room and everyone started cheering. I couldn't be happier.
They sang happy birthday and O blew out the candles.
"What did you wish for?" I heard Allie ask
"Nothing" I said smiling
"Nothing?!" I heard Val ask
"Yeah. Ive already got everything I could ever wish for" I said smiling once again
I felt Reece put his arm around his shoulder and I felt that he was a bit uneasy.
"Are you ok?" I asked him
"Yeah" He said sighing at the end
I did bot believe him one bit
"Speaking of everything O could ever wish for" I heard Reece say
But then I saw him clearly. He was kneeling down in front of me. He pulled out a small red velvet box. He opened it and I saw the most beautiful ring ever.
I put my hands over my mouth in surprise. I heard the girls squealing and saw them jumping.
"Chloe Armell. I love you,but you already know that. I want to build an empire with you, start a family with you, I want to have really hot half Spanish and half French children with you and I really hope you do too. Chloe, will you marry me?"
I was in shock. I couldn't breathe. He stood there looking at me with pleading eyes. I knew my decision. I have and always will.
"Yes, oui, sí in all the languages you could probably imagine, yes!" I said happily.
He stood up and kissed me. More passionately than ever before. The last time that we have kissed this passionately before was when we admitted our love for eacothother in the championships.