
Snow covered yellow and brown leaves crackled under my feet. The afternoon sun reflected off of the charred glass on the soft, moist, dirty ground. I pulled the brim of my hat further down over my eyes. On a cold day like today, it's not exactly good to have a migraine pounding behind my eyes. Not to be stereotypical but, Mondays never go well anyways. If I couldn't arrange a solar eclipse to darken my life (more than it already is), there was always Mondays...
The winter wind gushed and whirled around me. The bright orange sun was always peaceful though on Mondays. I shivered. The cold was almost unbearable. I had been walking for hours. I think I'm lost which is kind of improbable because I know exactly where I'm going. I've walked down through these woods a good number of times and I had never gotten lost.
I looked down at my gloves and found them to be torn up and raggedy. Probably from the walls I was pinned up against in school. The Graders. They hate me. (The Graders were a group of boys, about four months older than me, who tortured teenagers our age. Including me. They got me today because I corrected the leader, Bryan Toole, in class. They told me that they'd rather be beating a girl although it wouldn't be any difference.) I hate them. I wish I'd lived somewhere different.
I gazed over at the back if the town hall, nearby. I was getting closer to home. Home was eight blocks to the right of the town hall, three blocks left and one house after that. Complicated? Maybe to a fifth grade student. I can't let mom see me bruised and beaten. She'd go mental. Every Monday she took classes after work to be a nurse but ironically she was feeling sick last night so I hope she actually left. Then I might be able to sneak into her room to take some of her medicine or even steal some make up to cover up the wounds.
Once I arrived home, I stood outside of the house, dusting the snow off my backpack and my coat. I stared up at the house and said "Well, here goes nothing." I opened the door slowly and carefully. I heard nothing in the house. I sneaked quietly upstairs. "Mom?" I said softly. No response. Her door was opened so I peeked in. She's not home. I went into my room and put down my backpack. I took of my coat, gloves and uniform and changed into my everyday clothes: tight black jeans, Nike AirMax, a white T-shirt that had "MANHATTAN" spread across and a grey zip-up hoodie that "NEW YORK" written on it.
After I got changed, I walked into my moms bathroom and looked through the medicine cabinet. Antibiotics, ibuprofen, Aspirin, various pain killers but no cream. I took two pain killers with water and then rummaged through her make up cases. Lipstick, eyeliner, sanitary towels (um... Ew...), lip balm, nail polish. Nothing useful to me. Damn it. Time to go out shopping... I thought. I ran into my room, got my piggy bank and took out the small white plastic that kept the money in and poured it onto my bed. I counted  and got up to 13 dollars and 74 cents when I heard a knock at the door. I ran downstairs and opened it.
"Hey man!" Exclaimed Keith. Keith Margo was my best friend. Even though we had very little in common, we still got on like crazy. "What's up?" I said. "Come in. My mom's not home." He stepped it, took off his coat and hung it up. I walked upstairs to my bedroom and he followed. " Dude, are you okay? I mean, from school today." He asked. How generous(!)... "I'm... Uh... Okay..." I mumbled. We got into my room and he saw the money and the pain killers on my bed. "Oh God. You're not dealing drugs again, are you?" He joked. "Nope... Not today!" I replied.
"You, my friend, have the very rare opportunity to embark on a perilous journey to the mall with me so I can buy some... Wait for it... Make up!" I exaggerated. "Oh. Yay." He said sarcastically. "What happened, you used up all your lipstick on your special visits to the HotTub Springs?" He mocked. "No, Keith." I grunted. "I don't want my mom to see my face." "Yeah, she might get nightmares..." He whispered. "I heard that..." I muttered. "No. If she sees my bruises and whatnot, she'll go ballistic and file a complaint to the school. And I really do not want that." I explained as easily as I could. He looked at me very confused and after a few seconds that felt like minutes of nothing but staring, he said "Whatnot?" "Yes." I said. "Whatnot."