
Tamara August
It was a typical day zaylah was watching Dora while I prepared breakfast. her locks of curls set high in a ponytail as her mouth cocked open and eyes glued to the screen the smell of my special pancakes and crunchy turkey bacon filled the room. I than prepared zay's plate and mine with a over easy egg while I just scrambled hers. I sat next to her n put her plate in front of her n started to eat mine. the yoke of the egg broke just how I like it zayla wasn't really eating.
"What's wrong?"i asked "it's your fav pancakes and bacon" I said hoping she would say something she just took a little bit and started coughing I patted her back than rubbed it she swallowed I smiled "you don't have to eat it if your not hungry"i reinsured her
"I do want to eat mommy I just don't feel so good"she said quietly
"Ok baby take your time" I kissed her cheek"
"Ok mommy" she said she hasn't really been herself lately I kept telling Chres I'm worried but he say she's fine and than her nose started to bleed this has to be the 10th time this week I was starting to get worried I called My husband up.
"Chres?" I said frantic
"What's wrong?" He said in a whisper
"Zayla nose is bleeding again I think I should take her to the doctor and her cough is getting worse" I said
"You called me for a nose bleed? I have things to do lives to save and people to help I know you are worried but it's just a nose bleed kids get them all the time in the summer maybe it's just to hot for her stop calling me at work unless someone is dying n I doubt that I have to worry about that"he said in a irritable tone
"I'm sorry but I'm worried it's not just the nose bleed she isn't herself either she's not running around playing nothing n she's hardly eating" i said sadden how careless and rude he was about me calling
He release a breath in a way I had stressed him out "Its ok love we will talk at home ok I got to go now I love you I'll check her when I get home don't worry to much" he said in a softer tone
"I love you too and ok but if it gets any worse I'm taking her to the er"i hung up the phone
Chresanto august
I was at the hospital running test for this elderly patient when Tamara called I love her to death but she sometimes overreact about every little thing. The lab results won't be in until a couple days so we would have to keep him here until than. I kept at my work prescribing patients they antibiotics and doing check ups I loved being a doctor only thing is I hardly ever see my family I'm on call 24/7 and I start to get home sick missing Tamara home cooked meals and the of pumpkin spice smell threw out the house Tamara and zayla stayed on my mind all threw the day that's what kept me going in a way I guess you can say they are my motivation. I made my way to the cafeteria for my lunch break and ate a salad and than went to my office where maliyah was waiting for me maliyah is the total opposite from Tamara she's a Puerto Rican beauty she has a body out of this world with long beautiful silky hair and hazel eyes she is incredible. I closed my door maliyah made her way up to me her walk was flawless it's like everything she did was magic. I felt her lips press against mine I opened my mouth giving her tongue a gateway to tangle with mine and kissing lead to neck sucking neck sucking lead to other things.
Tamara august
I cleaned zaylas nose up n kissed her forhead I took her back to finish her food she has a bad cough for a while I've been giving her cough syrup but it isn't really working chres says she fine n I say I need to take her to the doctor
"Mommy I want to lay down"zayla say in a low voice. I put my hand on her head n she's burning up