
I walk into school I get the usual "Look at her she's so ugly are you sure she's not a pig?" They giggle.i bite my lip and tighten my grip on my straps of my bag.i continue to walk someone pushes me to the ground I cut my knee "What a clumsy bitch!" She mocks. I get up and I look at my now bleeding knee. I sigh. They whisper "How did her parents want a clumsy bitch like her?" One mocks. My eyes widen and I bite my lip so hard I taste blood in my mouth...I get into the classroom "Early what a change" the nurse asks.She looks at my knee "Come on sweetheart lets get you patched up" she says.I follow her and no one dared to go near me since the school nurse was with me the school nurse adopted me since I was left alone in front of my own parents house i sometimes walk past it and take a moment but my mother died when she gave birth to my younger brother I was only 4 my father was addicted to alcohol so he was mostly drunk when me and my younger brother usually had to do stuff our selves.My brother was in a car crash my father couldn't take the pain and so now I'm here....Pretty much everyone thinks the nurse is my big sister and they all know the nurse can knock you out in one punch so they don't bully me unless she's not around so when she's sick I end up having a black eye and a sprained ankle. She cleans my wound and she puts a plaster on it she hisses my forehead. "Listen I have to leave work early because my other job at the bakery needs me so please promise me you'll be okay" she says with care in her eyes "I can't make any promises" I mumble just for me to hear I nod "Okay...I'll try" she kisses my forehead again. "I love you" she says before leaving "I love you too..." I say.i left there alone I look at the clock in late...I get of the bed and I go to open the door but someone pushes me in I fall on my butt. "What a surprise the clumsy bitch is here and her big sister isn't well let's just have fun!" She snickers.She grabs my hair and drags me back so I can't reach the door. I close my eyes and she lets go and I smash my head on the ground she locks the door. "Let's see" she reaches for my hair again and the door swings open. "N-Nurse?" Brady says nervously. "Brady leave this child alone!" She shouts.Brady nods and leaves. I tuck my knees into my chest and I look at her "I-I'm human too right...?" I ask. My step moms eyes widen and she hugs me "Of course you are!" She says in a load voice. She helps me up. I nod and I wipe the tears away. All of a sudden the pain goes away. "This time I have to go but I'm walking you too your class and I'll tell the teacher why your late" she whispers in my ear I smile and she holds my hand...the way she did the day she say me sitting on the door step cold,tired and hungry...we reach the class and we enter "Ruth Gran care to explain why your late?!" He screams. I sigh and I look him dead in the eye "I fell and hurt my knee" I say...liar my mind says. 'I ain't a snitch like them..' I say to my mind. "Sit down now!" He scolds me. I nod and I sit down at my seat beside Brady and her twin brother Brad they both bully me the teacher made me sit here as punishment for being late all the time. Brady pushes me then brad pushes me they both push me until the break bell rings they zoom out and drop my stuff on the ground.Everyone leaves and I'm left there picking up my stuff. I head down the hall to my locker I put my stuff in it and I take my lunch box out Brad and bray push me and brad takes my lunch box "Thanks clumsy bitch!" He says. Brady looks in my looker to find a blue scarf she takes it "What's this?" She asks. My eyes widen "P-Please take my lunch just leave that alone!" I beg. She laughs and starts to rip it "who gave you it? Your dead mom? That's right your mother is dead she's gone never coming back so is your younger brother oh and your dad we all know why he left because he hates you he never loved you he only put up with you because of your younger brother!" She says clearly.My eyes widen and my heart breaks 'S-She's right' my mind says. I grab the scarf and I run away crying 'momma!' My mind screams. I run to the bench I always go to to cry... I pull the scarf over my eyes. "S-she's right..." I mumble through my sobs. Someone pulls on the scarf I pull it down so my eyes I see an unfamiliar face he has light brown hair and wearing a red tank top with a pair of black jeans his eyes widen as he sees the tears streaming down my cheeks. "What?..." I say while crying. He looks into my eyes and I never expected a boy like him to say this ever "Are you okay?" He asks. I sit up and I wipe the tears away and I smile a fake smile "I'm used to most of it just this...really hit me hard...." I say while covering my eyes with my hands I sob more. I feel someone's arms rap around me. I put my hands down and I just cry after a while I pushed him away "I'm fine honestly" I lie. He gets up "I'm Kyle far" he says. I look at him "I-I'm Ruth Grand" I say. I look away as he smiles. "T-thank you Kyle" I mumble he shrugs "No problem"