
Its that time of year when all the spooky creatures and others for Halloween. I'm Red, Short for Little Red Riding Hood. I am a Werewolf Hunter. My grandma taught me everything she knew but she died shortly after a werewolf attack. It's been 16 years since she passed away. I have two best friends; Molly, who is a vampire and we've been best friends ever since 1st grade. My other best friend is Louis, we've been best friends ever since kindergarten and I've had a crush on him ever since 8th grade, but I was afraid he was gonna reject me. Today, is Louis 23rd birthday. I'm heading over to his house in a red strapless stain dress with a red rose I'm also wearing black heels. I have Louis present in my right hand and a bottle of wine in the other. I rang the doorbell and Louis quickly answered.
"Hey, Red. You came! Your dress is.. smashing." He said, smiling.
"Thanks, Louis. You look great yourself." I smiled back.
Louis wore the usual; he wore his black and white striped shirt with suspenders, his black jeans, his brightly clean white toms, and his hair is styled differently.  I looked around to find if Molly was here then I saw her sitting alone on a couch.
"Molly? Is that you?" I asked her.
"Red? Oh my gosh! You look amazing! I love your dress." she said, hugging me.
"You look great yourself. What have you been doing these past years?" I asked, sitting down with her.
"Oh, I've been hanging out with new friends and traveling to new places." she said.
Molly wore a black strapless silk dress with a matching clutch and silver high heels and her hair is to the side of her head, curled. Louis came over and sat down with us.
"Hey, Molly. How are you?" Louis asked.
"Good, and you?" she smiled.
"I've been real busy, hanging with others friends." he said.
For some reason, Louis and Molly haven't gotten along before but now since we graduated high school, they've been getting along perfectly. I haven't seen them get along at all before.
~~~~A Few Hours Later~~~~
Everybody left and Louis and I were the only ones here.
"Red? Can I ask you something?" he asked.
"Yeah, what is it?" I smiled
"Uh, Thanks for coming. I never thought you would come." he said and blushed. "Can you help me clean? This place is a pigsty."
About 30 minutes of cleaning his house, we finally finished.
"Thanks for coming. I'm glad you came." he said.
"Thanks for having me at the party. I really liked it and I hope you loved your presents." I said, going towards the door.
I opened the front door and exited the house.
"Well, I gotta go to bed. I'm really tired. Good night, princess Red." he smiled.
"Goodnight, prince Louis." I smiled back.
After that, I walked home alone. I took out my bow and arrow, looking around for werewolves. In the distance, I saw a werewolf. I pointed the aimed arrow at the creatures shoulder. I shot its shoulder. It looked at me, whimpered and ran away.
"Wow..I. Never mind." I said to myself.
I entered my house and closed the door quietly.
"Red! Where the hell did you go?!" my mom yelled at me as she came down the stairs.