
amelia faith ✾
i woke up on a saturday morning with my pants all wet. i groan as i put my hand down there and felt it.
bloodI . all blood. i get up and walked into the bathroom while i threw my cloths and sheets on my bed into the washer. i stripped down and turned the shower on to my liking.
i put my phone on bluetooth and started playing drake. i got into the shower and did my usual.
i got out and got dressed in black sweats with a white shirt and my black cheetah nikes. i put on a pair of underwear and put in a tampon.
i grabbed money and my phone as I started driving to the store.
ring ring.
i look at the caller id and sign.
"hi mom." i say with annoyance in my voice.
"don't use that kind of voice with me. me and my boyfriend are gonna have lunch together and we would love to have you." she says happily.
my mom and dad got a divorce when I was five and now she has a new boyfriend. im not very fond of him.
"im good mom. have fun sucking faces with that douchebag of a boyfriend you have." i say very madly.
"amelia faith! how dare you say that about j-" i hung up before she could say anything else.
i pull into the drug store and pulled the key out of the starter. i got out and locked the car before putting my phone into my waistband.
i walk into the store and grabbed a little cart to put stuff in. i start walking the aisles and grabbed five movies, a liter of pop, and some chips.
i walk to the female isle and got five packages of pads and a pack of tampons.
"looks like someone has an emergency." the boy says pointing to my cart full of pads, and gave me a grin.
"fuck off. id rather be related than leave a red blood stain."
i brush past him and to the counter. i feel a hand on my lower back, and hear a voice in my ear.
"to bad your on your period. i would've made your pussy throb." the boys says into my ear as i bit my lip.
"$32.45 please."
i hand her the money and head out of the store. i felt a pair of hands on my waist and i felt a voice into my ear.
"hit me up sometime baby girl." the boy says as he wrote his number on a bag of my pads.
as you can tell im not a very talkative person. im just kinda shy.
"if you get lucky i might." i wink with a smirk as i walk away with his mouth slightly open.
i opened the car door and threw the bag in the back seat. i started driving and looked back to see the boy still standing there with a smirk planted on his face.
i arrived at home and walked into our home. it wasn't big or small. it a normal house.
"yay! sissy is home!" my little sister lily says while hugging my leg as I laughed.
i pick her up as i put the bag onto the counter.
"hey dad. mom called me today." i said to my dad as i sat down on the counter.
"what did she say?" he asked as he looked up from his phone.
"ill tell you later, im really tired." i said as a lie to get out of talking about it.