
There lie Ally sound asleep on the couch silently dreaming. When suddenly she heard a loud bang upstairs; suddenly her eyes flickered open, wide with shock like she had been in her own nightmare waking up panting covered in sweat she slowly got up off of the couch, ran to the kitchen, and grabbed a knife from the drawer.
As she slowly made her way to the bottom of the stairs she heard it again but this time it was the sound of glass shattering all over the nicely white shiny tiled floor. She jumped backwards a little scared out of her mind. Her breathing quickens as she silently creeps up the stairs with every inch she moves she finches at the sound of glass shattering and chairs being thrown across the room. "Hello"? She quietly whimpers as if she's about to sob, but then she hears it it's dreadful cry it's horrifying scream.
She then wakes up sweating and panting clutching her chest as if she had just been shot. She gets up to get a glass of water then notices somethings sitting there in a box right in front of her door she looks confused for a moment then realizes that her new boyfriend had dropped off something for her to wear for their special date that evening. She smiles and picks up the box and opened it.
There in the box lie a beautiful black dress laced with red ribbon delicately placed in the center of the package attached to it was a note that read:
Dear Ally, my dearest Ally I love you with all of my heart and hope that you accept this gift from me to you. I expect to see you in this dress that would fit you perfectly tonight for our 1 month anniversary. I need you to be ready by 8:00 sharp my darling!
Sincerely, Brandon
She bit her bottom lip and looked at the time, it was 6:30 p.m. exactly she jumped up and hopped in the shower by time she had gotten out it was 6:58 p.m. she wrapped the towel around her and jumped out of the shower to hurry up and get dressed. As soon as she was dressed in that dress that Brandon had sent her she decided to curl her hair and pin it up so she went to the bathroom and blow dried her hair, curled it, and gently pinned it up.
She checked the time it was 8:00 p.m. she jumped with excitement but then she came back to reality when she heard a knock at the door wondering who it could be she answered it. Come to her surprise it was Brandon.
"Hello beautiful" he said smiling
"Hey handsome" she said giggling
"Shall we go?" He asked looking at her
"We shall".
She turned around to lock the apartment door and slipped the key into her purse. She smiled and took Brandon's arm happily strolling down the stairwell to the limo he had rented. "Oooo fancy!" She exclaimed gesturing towards the limo, Brandon then opened the door and closed it as soon as Ally and him had hopped inside.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Hey guys! :) I'm new to this sorry if it sucks and sorry if it's boring. :(  I tried my best! I'll be posting more chapters soon! Stay safe. <3 Bye guys!
~ Karissa