
My name Pooda as y'all know. 17 years young senior in high school. I play basketball I love the rush when I get scoring, it never fails me. High school starts in about a month, and I wanna start it off with the girl I want most my best friend Jazmine. But, i'm not sure how she feel about me I know she love me as a friend, but I want her to love me more than just that.
*Night Time around 11:50*
I can't sleep i don't know why i can't. Just staring at the ceiling of my room in the dark got Persian Rugs remix Jacquees in the background. All of a sudden i feel a buzz on the side of the bed, it was my phone. I'm thinking in my head who could this be, i looked down and seen is was Jazmine my future babay.
*Answers the phone*
Bestfrand: Poodaa !
Me: Whaa sup? (I got the biggest smile on my face)
Bestfrand: Was you sleep?
Me: Naa- ( I got cut off by her)
Bestfrand: Anyways i don't care you picked up. But my B-day in a couple of weeks what you gon get me? Is that my song in the background!?
Me: You called me this late for that? & nah it's my song .
Bestfrand: Well, yea its the most important thing in yo life right now soo..... Dont front lil nigga.
Me: Oh, it is? & Who lil must not be me. *I bite my bottom lip* ( I don't know why but everytime i talk to her i get this feeling like mmm)
Bestfrand: It is you and yes it is bestfrand (she said in whining voice)
Me: You a big baby but i'm going to sleep i'll talk to you later.
Bestfrand: Alright, w.e bye.
*Phone Hangs up*
I went to sleep thinking bout her and her voice, God that girl is amazing
Jaz POV
I just got off the phone w. my bestfrand. Ohmahgawd her sleep voice is just life. "The things i would to do her" i said biting my lip.  It just turned 12 o'Clock and i hear a knock at the door. I went downstairs and look at the peep hole. Guess who it is my babay ChuChu.
I opened the door and she whispered saying "Hey my love". I whispered back saying "Hey babe" ( We was whispering because my mom was upstairs sleeping she got work in the am.) It was late and i was getting tired so i grabbed her by her wrist and took her upstairs to my room. When we got into the room Chuchu looked worried.
"What's wrong?" I said. She looked me into my eyes grabbed me by the waist pulling me close to her and said "I love you and i don't ever want to lose you." I looked at her with a confused look as to why she would say this.I wrapped my arms around her neck & I told her "You won't if you don't do stupid shit." She laughed and kissed me & i kissed back. We went and laid in my bed. She went straight to sleep i'm laying on her chest on my phone thinking about why she said what she said. Then it hit me, I was scrolling down on my Twitter and i seen her friend Monica tweeted "Well she just left to her girls, but i ain't trippin' she always gon be mines." But i was in denial so i just ignored it and went to sleep.
