
Well to start off this morning was normal making breakfast for people who sleep over at Hotel Egypt and she ate as well.
Then she went down stairs did some choirs.
Made dinner ate.
Choirs.
Made tea ate.
Like any other day ok but that was when everything went weird.
Right now she's running for her life because well she couldn't be bothered fighting Scarlett being chased by some men shouting about how they want the crown of Khuru which she was not giving up- "Ow" She heard somebody yell She looked up and saw a man with brown hair you heard the men and grabbed his arm and pulled him behind a wall "I'm sorry miss I would help but I left my guns at home" he said she shook her head "No it's fine" she brought out her guns shooting them while the guy she saved looked shocked "I'm Scarlett" she said "Jonathan" they shook hands "come on best gat you better" he said taking her to his sisters house.
Time skip
Jonathan knocked on the door it opened "Jona-" "not now Evey help her" he said pointing to Scarlett she nodded brought her to the kitchen mending her up.
"You want any tea" asked Evey "no thanks I'm Scarlett and do you have any beer?" Said Scarlett "I'm Evey and yeah I'll get you some" she said "Mum!" A boy came in round about 14 "hi I'm alex" he said looking at her "Scarlett"
Adreth came in "Eveline" said a man he saw her "I'm Adreth" "Scarlett" and then Rick came in "Eve-Scarlett?!" "Rick?!" She pushed him outside and he explained everything "I love you" he said "I love you too" she said and Alex was listening he ran off and told Evey Rick came in because Scarlett was still thinking "Get out Rick" said Evey "what why" he asked "Your going out with scarlett" she came in and sat next to Alex "so you going out with dad" he said she nearly threw up "no I'd rather date a pig then him" she said "that's mean" he said "but it's a bro and sis thing" she said
Both Evey and Rick came in "Gat out Scarlett" said Evey "not yet mum I want to show auntie Scarlett this book I found" said Alex "What" she asked "love meet my sister Scarlett O'Connel." said Rick