
"Oh my God! I can't BELIEVE you live with Gerard Way! He's sooo hot don't you think? You should definitely make a move!"
"UM." I literally spat the most disgusted offended "um" I could.
"HES LIKE, MY DAD." I cringed the most utterly cringable cringe ever.
ME? AND GERARD? WOULD YOU FUCK YOUR FATHER FIGURE.
"Well not biologically..." The girl explained as if it made perfect sense.
Mentally facepalms to infinity.
My thoughts kept me up all night, I didn't even realize it was morning until I heard the sounds of Jovie puking.
I groaned and practically crawled out of bed and hissed at the sunlight. I walked over to my dresser with the mirror on the wall, on top of my dresser is just a bunch of random junk (My room is about as put together as my life). Scattered pencils and pens, drawings, books, CDs, makeup, and pictures laid across my dresser, one photo stood out to me. I picked up the frame with a picture of me and my mom, I look about three or four. I guess I did look like her somewhat. I had a small body structure that made me look 12 other than 15 and I had my moms complexion, bright blue eyes and a small amount of her freckles, but I also had dimples and short wavy pitch black hair unlike my mom.The sound of the doorbell rang through the house suddenly almost making me drop my picture, I groaned and set it carefully back on my dresser.
"Ug... GERARRRRDDD SOMEONES AT THE DOOR!!!"
No answer.
" GERARD, JOVIE!!"
No answer. The bell frantically rang two more times.
"I got it!" I yelled out, and made my way down the stairs.
Before I opened the door I stood on my toes looked through the peep hole. The amount of makeup on the woman's face quickly made me look away. I was a little hesitant to open up but she continued to knock on the door.
"Hello!!!!" She squealed as I unlocked the door and she bursts in. She looked about 25, probably a little younger than Jovie, she was amazing looking, like someone on the cover of a Victoria Secret catalogue (Although I wasn't impressed). She wore dark eye makeup and bright red lipstick with a pink skin tight strapless dress that barley covered anything.
"Jovviiee..." I called lowly a little freaked out. I turned and saw Jovie making her way down the stairs after I called her name.
"What is it Alexa-" She cut of her sentence when she saw the woman next to me. Her eyes widened in shock and at first she gritted her teeth in a twisted frown but quickly hid it with a fake smile.
"JOVIE!" The woman squealed running over to Jovie in her high heels.
"ITS SO GOOD TO SEE YOU AGAIN!" She squealed again, her voice was so high pitched I thought she spoke dog whistle. She wrapped her arms around Jovie and held her tightly, Jovie stood frozen with the same expression on her face.
"Yeah... uh, yeah." Jovie responded like she didn't want to hurt her feelings.
"Who's here-" Gerard asked walking down the steps to Jovie.
"Oh." He said when he saw her.
"GERARD!" She let out another screech. She threw her arms around him pressing her fake tits up against him. He looked equally disturbed as Jovie.
"Heyyy... Halen." She groaned.