
Chapter 1
Xander's POV
I stood in the middle of the party in a black armani suit talking with my best friend and beta Luke. We were at our old friends party celebrating the fact that we had just won and finished a war with a group of rogues, but these weren't just any rogues they were the most hated and wanted rogues in the history of werewolves, deadly, crule and pure evil. So obviously it was a time to celebrate, Zayn's party was bollywood and Indian themed, the girls wore bangles, flowy skirts and saris, some men wore sherwanis but most just wore a suit like me.
"You alright man you seem a bit distracted?" Luke asked me."Yeah I'm fine I just keep getting this amazing smell do you smell it too?" I asked back sniffing the air."I don't know maybe it's all that delicious food by the tables, god I'm so hungry." he thought."Nah man its like a sweet sent, like a perfume, god it's perfect I need to know what it is.""You don't think it's ya know..." Luke trailed off. Then it clicked "My mate" I finished. This is the person I have been waiting for since I turned 16, the girl I have waited 5 years for, my mate was here.
"You need to help me find her. I need to know where she is. I can't let her go I've waited too long." I rambled."okay, okay, calm down and focus." I breathed in then out. "Good, now point to where the cent is coming from. When I found Elaine (his mate) her cent led me to her." I pointed to the big, painted and embellished doors across the room. Just as I started towards them Zayn stood in front of the double doors with a microphone crabbing everyone's attention."Everyone I would like to present our second entertainers of the night The Bollywood Girls" as on cue sweet yet catchy music floated into my ears, the doors opened and in came a group of bollywood dancers all dressed up. They entered forming a flower and one by one they opened up revealing the most beautiful, elegant and stunning girl I ever layed eyes on. In that moment I knew she was my mate.
Her hips moved to every beat and her hands formed elegant yet complex shapes. She was by far the best dancer which shows why she was in the center. The sight of her hips moving in sinc with the music turned me on."That's her." I said to Luke. " My mate, my soul mate. I found her."I smirked happily. "Wow, she's awesome man, she's gonna be a great luna. Congrats!"He said excited, I thanked him.Now I just had to take her.