
Hello.  My name is Nadalyn Bryanna Ginger. I'm a werewolf and the Alpha's daughter. I'm going to be 16 on August 19 and we're having a party for every pack to come. I'm excited to find my mate and I know I will love him unconditionally. I hope the moon goddess will choose somebody good and that has a good reputation. I am a goody two shoes and I'm a senior in high school. How I'm a senior is because I have a really high GPA. I have always been a really good student.
My family consist of my father (Alpha Kyle Lane Ginger), my mother (Katrina Nadalyn Ginger), my brother (Nathan Lane Ginger), me, my brothers mate (Alexandria Zoey Glomez Ginger), my nephew (Zeke Kyle Ginger), my grandparents from my father's side (Lane Zeke Ginger and Bryanna Lucy Ginger), and my grandparents from my mother's side (Cole Bryan Hayden and Lindsey Tara Hayden). Nathan and Alex have told everybody that they are trying to have another baby and soon. My best friends are Alex, Adrianna Francesca Kender (Alex's cousin), and my brothers best friend Michael Jacob Lanster. If I had to choose my mate I would probably choose Michael because he is the sweetest guy you would probably ever meet.
The theme for my birthday is coral and mint green. I am going to be wearing a coral tank top, a jean maxi skirt, a mint green scarf, and coral and mint green wedges. For my make up I'm going to be wearing a little mascara, a little eyeliner, blush, concealer, and some lip gloss. My mom is going to wear a coral and mint green striped maxi sundress with white sandals. She doesn't like wearing make up. Everybody has to be wearing something modest at my birthday party or they won't be let in. My mother and grandmother's will be checking everybody off my invite list and checking if they're wearing something modest at the door to the ballroom in our pack house.
My father, Nathan, Zeke, and Michael will be wearing black suits with a coral undershirt and a mint green tie. Both Adrianna and I haven't found our mates yet. I'm actually sharing my birthday with MIchael. He is going to be 18 and as been looking for his mate for 2 years. He is the Alpha of The Blue Lake Pack. Michael and I are the best of friends. We were able to see each other twice in a year because he went to my brothers birthday party on February 14 then went to his party on November 9.
Since I have Alpha blood in me I'm the #2 best fighter in my pack, the #1 would be my brother, and that is a big deal in my pack because we are the largest pack in the world. My wolf's name is Bryanna like my middle name. When I turn into my wolf form I am the same colors as Michael. It is a funny coincidence if you ask me. I love my pack and all the people in it.
We have all good people in our pack because we don't like when people do the dead with someone other than their mate. My brother wasn't able to kiss anybody until his and Alex's wedding. I am still a virgin, that hasn't been kissed, and my parents love me for that. My parents are very strict but everyone knows they're doing it to raise their children right. They are really good people and have really big hearts. We are a good Christian pack and my father is the preacher in the pack.
I'm excited for my party because I'm not aloud to leave my pack and go see Michael. People don't usually understand me but when I'm with Michael he understands me and listens to me. I know what your thinking and yes I do have a crush on Michael. I have had a crush on him since I was 10 years old. He knows about my crush and he has even told me he likes me back. But the slight problem is my father doesn't allow people who aren't mates date. One other reason I want Michael to be my mate.