
" perhaps you would like to be sent to the principles office she said.
Well perhaps you would like a visit to the dentist because your breathe is stinky I said.
Mrs. Golden just because your mom is now Principle does not mean you can mouth off to all your teachers she said.
Well your facts are wrong my mother is not principle she is a bank accountant I said.
No your mother is the principle perhaps you would like to see for yourself she said.
perhaps I would I said."
I got up out of my chair and stormed off to the office. I asked to see the Principle and I walked in and saw my mother sitting there in the chair typing on the computer. I was so mad it wasn't even funny I wanted to throw stuff and smack her so hard for not telling me first for being humiliated in front of the whole class.
"You lied to me your new job isn't a bank accountant it's being my principle, first I have to let you boss me around at home but, now at school I said.
Look Maria I was going to tell you, you were just so happy this morning I didn't want to ruin it she said.
Well does this look like a happy face to you, and you sure don't have a problem ruining it now I said.
im sorry, we will talk about this more at home she said.
no we wont I have a party to go to tonight, you can have the house all to yourself and plan how your going to tell this to Jordan because it's going to be 10 times worst than how I am right now I said."
I walked back to class and sat down. I grabbed Jason moved him closer and continued to make out with him. Mrs. Donner looked at me and I ignored her and continued to  make out with Jason.
"Mrs. Golden perhaps you didn't tell you mother why you were really there she said.
no, I didn't not I was to busy yelling at my dumbass mother for being principle and not telling me I said.
I will not accept that kind of language in my classroom Mrs. Donner said.
I get away with anything, my mother is principle and so does anyone else im friends with including Jason I said.
Please sit down and pay attention she said.
Okay I will defiantly not have a problem paying attention to Jason's mouth and my mouth wont have a problem doing that I said."
I returned to making out with Jason when my mother came in and asked for me to come out in the hallway and talk to her. I got up and went out into the hallway to talk to her. she told me how if I don't stop disrespecting my teachers I will defiantly not be able to go to the party tonight. Then everyone form each classroom came out was hearing what we were saying.
" Do you mind I said."
I returned to screaming at my mother and then I went back into the classroom and sat back down. I sat there taking notes and then the bell rang. "hopefully some of us will actually pay attention tomorrow in class Mrs. Donner said." I walked out and stormed off to my locker. I put my books back in there grabbed my phone and went to my brother to get the car keys and went home. of course it didn't really matter if I went home or not because it was already 8th period and we all could go home if we wanted.