
Rose had been good friends with the Reds and Blues since they arrived here in the Capital, she was one of the older members of the New Republic and a close friend of Smith's. Within the short time that they've been there, Caboose had taken an interest in her and immediately claimed her as his. You can only imagine how the others reacted, it was almost like it was yesterday. It all started in the repair room that she usually worked in.
"ROSEY!!" Rose jumped slightly and spun around to face her Commanding Officer, even though she couldn't his face she could tell he was panicking. It was more obvious the reason why when he ran right into the desk, Rose cringed as he fell to the ground.
"C-Captain, are you-"
Before she could finish her sentence Caboose jumped right back on his feet and launched himself right at her, they both went tumbling to the ground.
"Rosey, help me! The world is dark!"
"How'd you find me if you can't see?" She asked as she squirmed from underneath him, someone cleared their throat and they both looked up in that direction to see both Smith and Jensen standing there. Rose's face heated up from underneath her helmet but couldn't move from her spot.
"We brought him here, Captain Caboose's helmet broke and he wanted you to fix it." Smith explained as they walked over and pulled Caboose off, Jensen helped Rose up.
"I offered to fix it, but he refused."
"Oh, well, sure. I'll fix it."
"Then we'll leave him with you, we have to head to meet with the other lieutenants." They walked off and Rose waved good bye as Caboose came and clung to her arm.
"Rosey, I can't see you. Can you see me?" She giggled slightly and looked at Caboose with a smile and set him in a chair and prepared to take off his helmet.
"Sir, could I please remove your helmet?"
"Please, it's too dark." He pleaded, she slipped off the helmet and placed it on the the table. When she looked back to face him she stayed frozen.
"I can see again! How long has it been?" He asked as he looked around the room, he then looked back at Rose with a confused look.
"Why are you staring at me like that? Is there something on my face?" He asked as he slurred his words, Rose would never say this out loud but Caboose was actually quite attractive.
"I-It's nothing! Just, I never saw your face before." She mumbled the last bit as looked in another direction.
"Then can I see your face?"
"Huh?"
"I never saw your face either, I want to see."
"Okay.." She hesitantly unlatched her helmet and too it off, he hair fell out and fell down her back. She avoided eye contact, feeling Caboose's eyes on her.
"You're really pretty!" Her cheeks heated up once more to match her name and forced herself to look him in the eye.
"T-Thank you, C-Captain."
"Can I kiss you?"
"E-Excuse me?" She struggled out, Caboose smiled at her with a huge smile.
"Tucker told me that when you like someone a lot, you kiss them on the lips."
"I...I, um, didn't know you liked me that way."
"Of course I do!"
Before Rose could respond, his lips landed right onto her. She was completely stunned, her heart stopped and so did everything around. During all of this, all four lieutenants were listening outside the room.
"Wow, Captain Caboose is real good with the ladies." Palomo whispered to Bitters who rolled his eyes.
"Yeah, sure, whatever."
"Aw, that's so sweet." Jensen mused, Smith only smiled and nodded to himself in approval.