
Dov, Chloe, Chris and Gail all went to The Black Penny for some drinks.
"Can we have some tequila, and a lot of it" I asked the bartender who just nodded in return.
The bartender came back from another customer 2 minutes later with our drinks.
I brought the drinks back to the table.
They were playing trivia once again. Dov kept insisting we played until he wins. Chloe beat him 3 times and Chris 1 Dov won 2.
When he finally won me and Chloe started talking which was a surprise to everyone.
Me and Chloe had been getting along great the past few days. which was a surprise to everyone since she's very happy and peppy and I'm well.... Not..
The next day Chloe and I went to work together.
We where listening to the radio blasting while singing even louder laughing so hard.
They had left Dov and Chris to find their own way to work.
When we got to 15 we walked into the girls locker room laughing. McNally and Traci stopped their conversation to look and them in shock.
"Remember that time last night when.." Gail said while Chloe just nodded and they both started laughing hysterically.
Traci and Andy's jaws almost to the ground asked "well haven't you two become friendly?" Traci asked with a laugh at the end.
"Yes.. Well when you actually talk to her she's actually pretty funny" Chloe said laughing.
"And when you stop to listen to her for a while she can have an attitude" Gail said laughing hysterically.
When everyone was changed Gail and Chloe walked into parade together.
Chloe sat next to Dov like always and to everyone's surprise Gail sat next to Chloe.
Everyone got new partners. Partners change whenever Oliver thinks we need a change. Our partners of right now only lasted a month
Dov's POV
"McNally your with Diaz. Collins your with Peck. and finally Epstein your with Price." Oliver said.
I was really happy to be with Chloe since lately we haven't seen each other much. She's been over my house but she's always with Gail for like the past 4 days.
"Go" Oliver said walking out of the room.
Everyone pushed back their chair and got up. Chloe and Gail said goodbye.
Chloe and I walked to the cars.
We talked a lot in the car. But we had to work.