
"Cat got your tongue?" he smiled to himself like he was sharing a private joke.
"No," her voice was hoarse. She cleared her throat and tried again. "No, I'm just, it's just, you're-"
"I'm... what? Can't spit it out?" he crossed his arms impatiently.
To Clara's dismay she blushed brightly in embarrassment. She blushed very easily and she could always feel it. Her whole face heated up and she started to sweat. "You fell out of the sky," she pointed up like a baby seeing the moon for the first time.
He scowled at her, "No, I didn't 'fall from the sky,'" he argued "I blinked out and back in. If I had fallen from the sky I would be dead."
Clara nodded stiffly, trying to mask her confusion. "Okay?" She shifted from foot to foot nervously, prepared to run if she had to even though her flip flops would be little more than a hindrance.
He looked around at his surroundings curiously, "Where am I anyway?" He obviously wasn't worried about her being dangerous.
Clara looked over towards her house, estimating the time it would take for her to run all the way back. Her phone was still clutched in her hands but she couldn't very well text without looking and she doubted anyone would answer. "Uh," she debated telling him where they were. Would it really hurt? Probably not she assumed. "Maine."
He looked surprised, "Really? That's excellent!" he smiled to himself, "The right place and it only took one try." He quickly pulled the watch back from his pocket and flipped it open. He glanced at it quickly and nodded, seeming to like whatever it said.
"Well, as nice as meeting you has been," Clara took a step back at his abrupt dismissal, "I have a job to do."
Clara couldn't stop the words that fell from her mouth, "What job?" she asked quietly.
He looked back at her for a moment, "What job?" he asked. The guy considered her for a second as if deciding whether or not she was worth speaking to. "If you must know," his accent made his words harder to understand and she had to listen carefully. It wasn't from anywhere she recognized, not even a blend. It was harsh and he cut his words off at the end so it sounded like he was saying "If ya mus no." She leaned closer, trying to catch what he was saying. "I am looking for someone."
"Who?" she asked. Clara was surprised at her willingness to speak.
He regarded her coolly, "Aren't you a curious one." She pressed her fingernails into her palm, afraid of what he might do next. He only answered her question though. "I'm looking for Clara. Clara Tanwin and she supposedly lives here..." Clara had stopped listening. Her heart dropped and fear curled up her spine. He looked at her oddly.
"What?" she stuttered.
"I asked if you knew her?" he repeated impatiently.
"Uh," Clara gulped and searched the ground for a big stick frantically. He was looking for her- that had to be bad she decided. She was going to have to fight her way out. Maybe if she found something big enough...
"Do you or do you not?" he growled.