
I was at the stop sign at the end of my street in the rain waiting. Waiting for the bus to come pick me up for summer academy. Not summer school, a lot more fun and exciting. I had no umbrella and the rain had soked through my sweat shirt making it heavier until I took it off. I sat down from the pain in my legs. I had been waiting for 10 minutes and was about to try and navigate through the sheets of rain coming down making it almost inpossible to see over a foot in front of me when I heard a loud noise come around the corner at the other end of the street. It started to become clearer as it got closer until it stopped and opened the doors to welcome me in. I picked up my sweatshirt and squeezed as much water out of it as I could before going on the bus. "Sorry, I was a little late. I was a little confused on were I was supposed to pick you up." She said. I walked by her like she didn't say anything at all. I took the first seat on the right, behind the bus driver. Her name was Amanda. She has a daughter and son that she picks up before us at the end of school.  I sat there in silence for the whole ride and when we stopped at the school I made sure I was the first off and the first in the school.  I got inside and saw Mat.  " hi mat, how are you"" I'm doing good, do you want breakfast? Its a honey bun with an apple.""Yes please""What kind of milk, chocolate or white?""Chocolate please."  I said and put the milk on the share table.  I sat on the table and started to eat my honey bun and apple.  I got about half way through my honey bun when I saw a teacher walk through the door with a boy behind her.  I said hi to the teacher and waved to the boy behind her.  He was cute, really cute.  "Hello my name is Summer.""Nice to meet you.  This is Eric by the way.  He is from alburg and is mostly new to the school.  I hope we get to see you more often."  They walked into the room next to the one with all the people and sat down.  Eric left so I took the opportunity and went into the room. "Can you tell me more about Eric?""Well he is not one for talking to people and gets angry fast if its the right person.  Why did you ask?"  "Can you keep a secret?""Yeah... do you like Eric?"...maybe..." I said in a low voice and started blushing.  He came back and my face went back to normal.  "Hi." I said in a low voice without showing affection. "Hi, I'm Eric. Whats your name?""Summer, nice to meet you Eric.  I'm 13 going into eighth grade.""31?  Isn't that a little old to still be in school?" He asked laughing really hard.  I looked at him and figured out the joke.  I started laughing " yes I'm 31.""So your 13.... wait? You tricked me!" "Yes, yes I did!""Shut up!" He said in a funny streached out way.  I started laughing and he did to.  I felt like this was gonna be a really fun lot of weeks.  And I was ready for whatever was gonna happen.  And I was free.