
Beep...Beep...Beep
Harry was woken up from his slumber and winced when he sat up against the headboard of his bed. You ask,why did he wince when he sat up? Well almost his whole torso was covered in bruises from the other night. His boyfriend,Brett,got mad at him for calling late when he got home. Harry tried multiple times to calm him down and explain that he had simply taken a shower and then was going to call,but Brett wasn't listening to him. Even when he begged him to stop the punches and slaps. Harry was quiet and got what he deserved.
When Harry broke out of his horrible trance,he slowly got up and made his way to his connected bathroom. He grimaced when he saw his reflection. Harry was unperturbed about his appearance. This was one of the many things Brett complained about Harry. Calling him too lazy to give a fuck.
Once Harry was done dressing he then made his way down to the kitchen where he was met with the sight of Katherine,his mom. Harry had stopped calling her his mom since that night. That's when all type of relationship with his mother was completed cut off. Harry planned on having a bowl of cereal when he came down here,but quickly dismissed that plan when he saw his mother once again drunk at the counter.
"Where are you going?" Katherine slurred out loud.
"I'm going to school." Harry stated as if it was the most obvious thing in the world which it pretty much was because where else would he go at 7 o'clock in the morning with a bookbag on a Wednesday? But it seemed to Harry that this was too much of an attitude because next thing he knows he has to duck to dodge an oncoming glass that was being thrown directly at him.
"Don't get smart with me." She spat as she got in his face. Harry quickly moved around her to grab a granole bar and get out the front door as fast as possible before another alcohol bottle comes hurling his way. That was just the beginning of his day,he thinks as he stands at the bus stop waiting for the bus that is only a block away. What else can happen now?
*Louis's P.O.V*
"Louis calm down. You'll be fine." My best friend,Niall,states.
"Easy for you to say. You're basically a social freaking butterfly." I scoff because it's totally true even back home he was always introducing me to his friends. I just moved here, but was friends wih Niall before he moved here then I moved here,get it?
"And we're here." Niall announces likes a train conductor. This is a school? I think when I look up. Looks more like a prison that you stay in for only 7 hours. My thoughts are corrupted when Niall slams his front door shut. When I get out a few students stare at me weirdly. Absentmindly,I put my hands around my stomach. This can't happen again.
"Hey it's okay. They're not judging you. They just don't know you yet." Niall words soothe me over. I nod my head with a weak but grateful smile. Niall has always been there for me even when we weren't living near he would visit on weekends and vice-versa.
"Oh,yeah." Niall exclaims as if he just discovered something incredible. "You'll meet my friend,Harry. He's somehow usually late." He states eagerly. Yay,more people to talk to. Note the sacasm. "Don't worry he's nice and might be your type." He wiggles his eyebrows with this one.
Ever since I've been out of the closet, Niall has been playing matchmaker. He picks some good ones so let's just hope he's right. The first bell disturds my thoughts and Niall and I start walking toward what I suppose is our first period class-History. Even more yay's?
Well here goes nothing.
***********************Wow this chapter was 667 words. That's  alot for me. Thanks fkr reading. This is my second fanfic. So here's a question for you guys to answer. How do you feel about America legalising same-sex marriage??My answer-I absolutely love it.
Thanks Again xoxox-S