
There were wolves on all the available surfaces, and three or four of them were curled in front of my fireplace.
"Here and here." I threw the pill bottle at his face, then handed him the water. "Take like three. I don't know why you came here I don't know how to help you. Maybe a hospital?" I asked. "Also, did you just bark?"
"No hospitals. Advil will be fine. I just need swelling to go down and painkillers." Wolf boy said, swallowing the pills and effectively evading my other question. "You know how to make a splint?" I shook my head. "Brilliant." He muttered.
"I have an ankle brace and crutches if that helps."
"Get them." He muttered. I went into my room upstairs and started digging through my drawers to find where I put the brace. The crutches I had grabbed before I started searching for the brace and threw them on my bed.
The springs squeaked on my bed and I stopped looking in my drawer immediately and turned around slowly. A pretty russet wolf was standing on my bed and sniffing the crutches. She looked slightly larger than the others around the middle. Maybe she eats well?
"Hey there what are you doing?" I asked cautiously. The wolf looked around and met my eyes, then looked back down at my crutches and nosed them. I walked over to her slowly, my hand raised. She butted my hand with her head and I smiled and scratched her ears.
After that she pretty much followed me all around my room sniffing everything. I finally found the brace and grabbed the crutches and brought them downstairs for the boy.
"Here. Sorry it took so long, a dragon swallowed my brace so I had to go kill it then dig the brace out of it's stomach." I muttered. "It lived in a land far far away where magic and myth runs rampant."
"Oh. What color was it?"
"Orange. He sparkled in the noonday sun. A wizard helped me defeat the mighty beast."
"You sound like you are very tired and feel very sarcastic." Wolf boy nodded his head. I rolled my eyes and got him an ice pack from the kitchen. After I threw that at his face I plopped into the seat opposite where he was sitting. The red wolf came over and rested her head on my lap.
"I like her." I muttered. The boy looked up and grinned.
"Thats Akita. She's the beta. She's really sweet."
"You named them all?" I asked, bewildered. "I mean how do you tell them apart, a lot of them look alike."
"I know them. Akita's the beta, and she's the only red one, so she's easy to recognize. She's impregnated by her mate Dakota, the big dark one over there." He nodded to the pitch black wolf that was laying by the fire. "He has one little whirl of white on his chest, which is his defining mark." Akita trotted over to wolf boy and licked his face, settling down at his feet.
"Is he the alpha?" I asked. "Since Akita's the beta."
"No. The alpha's mate is usually called the Luna." He replied.
"Then who's the alpha?" I asked.
"You're looking at him." He said with a cheeky grin.
"Wow. How did you become alpha?" I asked sarcastically. I didn't really believe him.
"By being the biggest, strongest, meanest wolf in the pack." He replied. "Plus Akita is 'my mother' and all. She's really important, and when our precious alpha died, I kind of took over naturally. Akita and the former alpha Alika were siblings."