
"You and your friends will have to leave the mall" one said making the guys and even me chuckle"Gentleman" I smirked now fully amused and it laced my voice as I stand up "jaw you forgotten who owns this mall?" I asked amused walking to behind them"The council" replied one with short black rather confidently "Oh council!" I faked worried my guys chuckled darkly as I slipped between the officers and turned to face them with a serious look "no" I simply but sternly told "this mall belongs to us" I told gesturing to behind me and them as two of my guys stands behind them "you can tell anyone you want, I'm called cut throat the descriptions in the name really isn't it but if you don't leave I could always give a demonstration" I smirked again as the two gulped and left the mall quickly.
"Hey boss" pants Ronnie and he catches his breath "there's a problem in Nando's" he told "someone's refusing to pay" he told now more serious that he has his breath back"Then let's sort this out" I begin my walk. Sure I'm feared and somewhat a killer but only once or twice but those two never came back to me or the gang. I walked straight past the person who seets people and scanned the restaurant.
The manger came I've and whispered to me"Table nine" I nod and walk over to man sitting annoyed at his table alone with two of my guys with him. I sat opposite him and took his drink from his hand and passed it to Dan my guy"What the hell?!" The man half yelled"If your not paying your not drinking or leaving until you do" I threatened he glared at me"And a kid is going to make me?" He laughed loudly on purpose to himself and before he new it I had his head pined to the table.
That's when I noticed my brother and friends in here"This is what's going happen. Your going to pay for your meal, leave and never come back or do I have to have Dan here-""Okay!" He cut me off pulling out his wallet which I took as I let him go the manger comes over with the check and I give him tried right amount with an extra 50"Leave" I told going him back his wallet as Dan finished his drink. He takes his wallet and left well ran.
"Thanks again" the manger smiled which I returned and shook his hand that he offered "a meal on the house?" He asked and I chuckled"No thank you but that table 3" I point to my watching brother "put it on my card" I told the manger nods with a smile"Will do" he replied and walks off to the bar. I left the restaurant and head to the food court for a burger. What? I fancy a burger!
Once I had that I said bye to the guys and got on my bike sliding my glasses on as Liam walks out. I turned on my bike and revved it then one of Liam's friends came over. Zayn I think"Thanks for the meal" he says smoothly "No problem" I replied sitting back knowing he's going to give me a 'talk' "Do you remember me?" He asked quickly showing his face I nod at him "it's been what?" He started to think"Two years" I told he nods at me"You've changed. I mean we all have but you the most and if I'm honest take the violence and your friends out you'd be someone I'd chill with" he says as my eyes saw the others gathered around a phone but saying nothing"Yeah I'm sure you can hang up the phone now" I told as I backed the bike up and he looks back with shock as he took his phone out and hung up."Hey look. Liam's just worried about you. We all are okay? You had the straight A's. The style shush you still have but-""I don't need another lecture Zayn and if you think that any of those things you've listed have changed they haven't, I'm sure Paul can get my school grades for you" with that I drove off rather fast too and went home to my top apartment. It's two floors, about six rooms and a bathroom in each and on each floor.