
That night you had trouble sleeping, as you tossed and turned restless. You turned to your alarm clock it was 4:20am, it was time to blaze it..... You grabbed your Mountain Dew and cheeky bag of Doritos, it felt so good as the Mountain Dew slipped down your throat, you were refreshed. Suddenly you heard a lanky finger wrap around the lock on your window, only such long lanky fingers could be so fine and detailed, he was here..... As he lept into your room knocking over your Mountain Dew making your Doritos and weed all soggy. You heard your inner snoopdog cussing at you 'all that weed so little time""Why are you here?" You said slightly startled."(Y/n) I'm here for you, I smelled your Mountain Dew and ran as fast as my wario bike could take me, tonight I swear you will feel my moustache"He wrapped a long lanky arm around you and pulled you closer, you felt his wiry prickly moustache against your cheek."S-s-senpai I don't know if I can handle all this" you said flustered."shhh, it's all ogre now" whispered Waluigi, the moisture of his breath trickling into your ears.We hid in the shadows of your room and slowly emerged, saddling up towards your bed and slowly, sexily and seductively slipping off his suspenders.His clunky wooden boot squelched in your pile of soggy weed, he discards it and wiggles his hips slowly side to side approaching you at a fast pace. You push him away with force, rejecting his frantic dance of fiery passion and "wah"s. A tiny gasp escapes his thin lips, and an embarrassed blush heats up his pale cheeks."Wah-wah-wai?" He whispers, flaunting his moustache in your face.You glance dramatically out of the window, worried at how early in the morning it is now. Dawn nears. Even the local flock of Pepes are chirping. Tch, it has been a rough night."Kouhai I'm here for you," he continues after noticing you won't reply. He entwines his suspenders into your belt loop with a grin on his face; you notice how chiselled it is and how straight his jawline is. Straighter than a ruler. Sharper than a knife. You return the blush and surrender yourself to the ogrelord that is Waluigi.
Is your love to be?