
"No," she said quickly, "I don't know who you are talking about." He looked disappointed.
He shrugged, "Oh well. It won't be too hard to find her," he said to himself, "I just have to enter a few things in here..." The minute he turned his back Clara grabbed a large fallen branch and before she could think, swung it at his head. He whirled around before it could slam against his skull and caught the branch. For such a skinny dude he sure was strong she distantly thought. His eyes were wide with surprise and he barely had time to let out a string of curse words before she kicked a leg out towards a very specific place of his. He darted out of the way before she could land a hit but she was already running towards the house, fumbling with her cell phone. She was almost there when something tackled her from behind. Her phone flew from her hands and across the grass. The boy dragged her to her feet and stared at her, still a little surprised.
"Why would you do that?" he asked innocently, clutching her arms tightly.
"Because!" she yelled in frustration, "you're trying to kidnap me," she felt tears burning at the back of her eyes but she forced them back.
"Kidnap you?" it took him a moment to understand. "Oh," he said, "you're Clara."
She thrashed around in his grip and opened her mouth to scream. His hand slapped down over her before she could let out a word. "Stop!" he shouted. "I'm not going to hurt you!" he promised.
She tried to talk around his hand. He tentatively pulled it away, ready to replace it at a moments notice. "You're lying! That's what any psychopath would say!" She cried.
"But I'm not a psychopath!" he protested.
Her eyes filled with tears, "Then let me down," she said.
He dropped her like she was burning. "Calm down," he held his hands out towards her, "I'm not going to hurt you! I just need you to come with me-"
"No," she protested, "how do I know you won't just kill me? I don't even know your name!"
He looked confused. "Oh. Why didn't you just ask? My name's Atlas, now let's go."
"No," she cried, "No I'm not going with you and you can't take me." She turned to run back towards the house but he caught her. She fell back on the ground, planning on making this as inconvenient for him as possible.
"Stop," he sank to the ground before her, his large hands flitting around him. She distantly noticed a small scar just above his lip, all the more worrisome. "I swear I won't hurt you, I just need you to come with me and-"
Clara opened her mouth to scream as loud as she could, but Atlas replaced his hand. "I didn't want to do this but you leave me no choice," he snapped. He pulled out his pocket watch and Clara's eyes widened in fear. He pressed something on the side of it. It started to shine in front of her eyes and she slowly grew tired until she could barely keep her green eyes open. Her head lolled back against Atlas's arm and the last thing she remembered was cursing the cat for dragging her into this mess.