
It was finally a Saturday morning. I woke up with a big smile ony face thinking whatever happened last night was just a horrible dream.My mom bursted into my room and half shouted "Honey, pack your things I thought I did tell you to pack everything" The word pack hit me so hard making me jump from my bed. All I can see is boxs all around my room. "Wait a minute so that means it was not a dream. I am really moving to Korea." I shouted on top of my lungs."Didn't mom tell you that we are leaving tonight. She did tell you word by word. If I remember correctly she said 'My dear Zoe we are leaving to Korea tomorrow night. Okay, so pack your things.' That's what she said" my little sister Scarlet explained.  'Like I needed one'"Just get out of here" I shouted at her."Well be happy at least we will meet our cousin violet in Korea." Scarlet said.I started packing and as I carried on packing tears started to fall down from my eyes. 'Well not only I'll get to meet Violet, I'll meet Kris gege and Tao gege my childhood friends. But then again how can I leave Canada the place that I grew up and made a lot of memories.'Late afternoon we all where finished packing everything. We ordered pizza. We all ate quietly enjoying every bit of ot and savouring the taste of it. By 6 pm we all got ready to leave I said final goodbye to my lovely house and hoped inside the van.I took my ipod and started listening to All rise by Blue. It is going to be a long ride to the airport. My tears stared falling again as the van started moving.*skip forward*"Oh hello Korea." I mumbled to myself. Oh my god Violet.I ran to her and gave a bear hug every tightly. "Long time no see cuz. How are you darling." I asked.Violet ans Scarlet exchanged hugs and answered " I'm good. It has been a long time. Mum said we are going to be neighbours. Isn't that great?""YESH IT IS" Scarlet shouted.I was waiting for my parents to come with all the luggages. I felt two big gaint hands snake around my body from my back."Welcome Home Zoe" Someone said. 'Wait I know that voice'I spun around and I see a big gaint. "KRIS" I shouted and hugged him. *skipe foreword*"I am so jet legged right now. Thank you for helping us to move in Kris. I said. "No problem love. I heard you cried alot not to leave Canada." Kris said laughing. "Well duh,I love there memories everywhere and here one or two" I said sadly."Then we will make new memories here." Kris said. "Hey, I have to go. Next time I'll introduce you to my friends. Oh and Tao was sad because he couldn't make it here." He pecked on my forehead and left.As soon as Kris left mom and dad came to my room."Honey can we come in?" Dad asks. I noded my head letting them know it's okay to come."I think we should tell you the reason why we moved here." Mom said.'Wait!!! There is a Reason!!??' I shouted in my head.
Authors note, Hey guys this is the first chapter hope you guys like it. Oh and im not a perfectionist I may have made some mistakes. I got this idea at dawn ofcourse I would have made some mistakes hehehe.I hope you like it. ^-^