
A/N:Hi! So this is my first story and I'm aware it's not going to be amazing but I'm trying my best on it and any helpful criticism would be appreciated. Okay, on to the story;
I sat in front of the camera, thinking about wether I wanted to say how I felt or not. If I did, who knows what would happen, but if I didn't, then I'd feel terrible for never expressing myself and explaining how I felt about the current situation. Fiddling with my horseshoe bracelet placed on my wrist I made my decision. That bracelet is magic my mom told me when she gave it to me, she said it'd help when ever I had a decision or just could use some luck. Closing my eyes I inhaled a deep breath, tried to collect my thoughts, then exhaled. I opened my eyes, pressed record and tried to shake off all my nerves.
"Hi, um I'm Lacey and I'm going to tell you guys something's that's been bothering me ever since Grayson Dolan hit one million followers on Instagram. You wanna know what makes me cringe? Ya? Okay. So the whole Ethan to 1 million thing, they're a team, they should be gaining their followers together. One shouldn't only have 987 thousand followers on Instagram while the other has a million. And even on Twitter. How can Grayson have almost 500k but Ethan only 468? Yes I may be overlooking many different things, but realistically I'm not. If you're supporting them for their vines, then you should be following both on every single social media account that they have and you have as well because most of their vines are together. The same goes for YouTube. You should be supporting them both in any way possible, not just one of them because they're more attractive to you than the other. But I'm going to tell you something that you may take as a shock, you may not even believe me. Okay, they're twins," I let out a little laugh, "and I mean it totally took me a while to put that together. They look pretty much the exact same, yes they do have physical differences but overall they're pretty much mirrored images of each other. The hashtag trying to promote Ethan to get one million shouldn't exist, in no way. And it disgusts me if you want me to be real, but that's none of my concern. I need others to help make this right. And it's the same with bands. Look at how many followers Harry Styles has compared to their actual One Direction account; a band member shouldn't have 2 million more followers than the actual band does. And even with 5 Seconds of Summer, how is it even possible that Luke has 3.7 million and Mikey only has 2.9? Yes I agree that he almost has 3 million, but the fact that he doesn't and the rest of the band and the band account is past 3 makes me cringe once again. How can you not like Mikey? He's just an adorable like squishy kitten! Now I don't expect many people to see this video, and I sorta hope many people don't for the sake of my sanity." I let out another faint laugh, trying to accept the fact that I'm almost done the video then I can act like it never happened. "But please, if you're watching this right now and agree with the fact that they should be gaining their popularity together and not one a few thousand behind the other please help make it right, you may not have the same view on this as I do. But I know if I was in Ethan's position I'd feel awkward due to the fact that my twin has a ton more followers than me. Um, but if you stayed to watch my whole video thanks. And I'm bye, I guess?" I stopped recording, pulled out my card, and uploaded the few minute long video to YouTube.