
Today is my first day at my new job, the office.
yay...
Anyway, I'm still excited. Maybe I will meet someone new. You know, since Abby is also in college.:(
As I arrive at work, I see a bunch of new faces. I know absolutely no one in the establishment. I slowely make my way around the huge building to find the front desk.
"Uhh, hello?" I ask quietly to the woman at the front desk who is looking straight into her computer screen. She looks like she is about 25 and she has short dark brown hair, the same dark brown as my hair, only my hair is a lot longer than hers. I can notice the heavy make up she has put on.
"Oh, yes, sorry I was a bit distracted!" She giggles. Her name tag says Carly Hart.
"Hi, umm, can you help me find my way to my office? I'm new here." I ask nervously.
"Yes! What is your name, miss?" She asks politely.
"Willow Michell." I respond
As soon as I tell her my name she starts rapidly typing and within seconds she finds my office.
"As much as I would LOVE to take you to your office, I have to stay at this desk. So, to get to your office, you're gonna need to make a turn around this left corner and then keep going straight until you reach the 4th door on the right. It will say H2D4, which stand for Hall 2 Door 4." She explains.
"Alright! Thanks you so much" I praise.
Once I find my office, I take in my surroundings. Its so beautiful! There is a big window with a great view of the ocean in Miami (which is where I am) and on the right wall is where my desk is. The left wall has storage space, filing cabinets, and a bookshelf. And in the open space in the middle of the room there is a seating section with two comfy chairs with a smallside table in between them. With all of that, there was still plenty of room to walk.
"Taking in your surroundings, huh?" I hear a feminine voice interrupt my thoughts.
"Yeah..." I turn around realizing that I forgot to close my door. I see a woman with hair longer than mine and an even darker brown than mine. Her hair is so dark it could be confused as black hair.
"Here," she says holding out a small stack of paperwork. "I'm your boss' assistant. He wanted me to give you these papers to fill out." She says neutrally.
"OK, thanks. What's your name, by the way?" I ask.
"Tiffany." She states. "Your's?"She asks In return.
"Willow." I respond.
"Ok, cool. Well I'm gonna go, sooooo, bye Willow!" She says
"Oh, ok well...BYE!" I say a bit to awkwardly. She is really chill compared to me. Just like Abby. *sigh* I miss her. I wish she could meet Tiffany.
(A.N. sorry for any typos, I'm typing on my phone! Please add this to your library and share this with others!!! Btw, willow is supposed to look like Lucy Hale!!!! Ily)