
"What the heck?" she whispered to herself. The cat squirmed in her arms but didn't make a sound. Clara gasped when the figure finally stood up and the light from the door spilled over it, illuminating its face. It wasn't an it after all. It was a guy. He was only a few meters away, dangerously close to her hiding space. He quickly whipped something out of his jeans pocket. It looked like a pocket watch- silver and shiny. He flipped open the top of it and threw the door open once again. Even more light came flooding out and across his face. He held the watch out in front of him like it was a knife protecting him from a bad guy. The smoke coming out from under the door slowed until it was just a small trickle.
He slammed the door shut and sagged against it. The guy sighed and wiped a drop of sweat off of his forehead. He leaned against the now calm door and snapped his watch shut. The damp pine straw was probably leaving marks on her skin and the soggy dirt was getting caked on her bare knees, but Clara slid deeper into the shadows when he started looking around, surveying his surroundings lazily. The person was obviously in no hurry to take cover or hide his weird little door. She shuffled a bit closer, not feeling a lot of fear, just curiosity. He wasn't exactly an intimidating person with his surprisingly normal clothing and willowy frame. Clara crept up behind a tree only a few meters away, trying to be as quiet as possible and begging the cat to stay silent. She leaned further around the tree, holding the only solace she had. All the mysterious boy did was fiddle around with his watch. She faintly considered this as a bad idea. Who knew what he was, a molester, a killer, a psycho? And here she was about to get caught.
There was something peculiar in the way that he looked though. His dark brown hair was ruffled in a way that might have been considered sexy, but was obviously not intended or achieved. Not a hair was in the right place and he had a horrible cowlick at the back of his head. His nose was long and it didn't go unnoticed on his face, it was what drew her eyes to him the most, that and his dark blue eyes- almost gray. Light filtered around them and they almost seemed to glow.
Clara breathed slowly through her nose. Now that the surprise of seeing him had passed- sort of- all that was left was icy cold fear. She didn't know how to get around him or how to get back to the house without drawing attention to herself. No matter how weak he seemed, looks could be deceiving. She didn't know who to call, the police? The fire department? NASA? Well, she told herself, I just have to stay calm and I'm sure I'll be fine. She half hoped that it was all some kind of dream and she would wake up slightly confused, but safe. She buried her face into the cats fur, trying to calm herself down before she started screaming. The cats strong smell did little except get hair in her mouth. She pulled her head back and looked out towards the door again only to find that the guy was gone. She looked around frantically, where had he disappeared to? He had been there not 10 seconds ago, she thought. Maybe he had been just a figment of her sleep deprived imagination.
"Looking for someone?" a heavily accented voice washed over her ears. Clara screamed, simultaneously spinning around and dropping the cat. The minute her paws touched the ground she was off, racing back towards the house. At least one of us will make it out alive, Clara thought grimly. She pressed back against the tree, trying to get as far from the stranger as she could. He had one thick eyebrow raised, his eyes gleaming in amusement. She opened her mouth but nothing came out. Instead, she stood there gaping like some kind of fish.