
CHARACTERS AT THE END IN THE SPEECHY THINGY... continue reading ...;)MIA POV"Alright its nice to meet you Mia Bolton, here's your schedule hope you enjoy your first day of school."
"Uh Thanks Mrs.D?" Haha I guess she likes the D.
"Your welcome sweety, the bells gonna ring any moment so get to your locker and grab your things for English." She shooed me out of her office with the 'fake smile grin thingy'.I gave her one back and walked to my Locker .Hmm 342, 343, 344 finally 345. I tried opening my locker with the lock thingy but it won't budge. Stupid thing I tired punching it but thats and epic failed I busted my knuckles great day to start off.
"Here let me help you I had this locker last year it gives trouble."a girl said then she magically opened it.
" Hey my name is Kimmy but people call me Kim and when I at people I mean my parent ...yeah I'm anti-social." She stated.
"Hi I'm Mia same." It was true I may have a tuff act but its just that I don't get bully see I went to 2 schools for the past year hopefully this is my last one.
"He's here!" A girl came running down the hall lookin skanky as ever the hold hall went to there lockers checking there makeup or hair or boobs?
"Who's here?" I asked Kimmy or Kim. A boy with Chocolate hair sexy ass jawline and I'm pretty sure 8 pack of abs.
"That" she points to him "is Hunter... Hunter Foster." He walked down the hall with another not following he's cute. He noded to all of them and winked at me which makes all the girls eyes change on me burning with Jealousy.
"ahhh he just winked at you." Kim said as he walked down the hall disappearing.
"So?" "Wellll as you can see he doesn't do that." She said while we are walking down the hall to class you won't believe me and Kim have all the same classes except Chemistry.  I rolled my eyes "Whatever." Now we are going into English.
"Ahh you must be the new student Mia?" I nod and followed Kim to the back. Hopefully I won't fall asleep during this class. Thankfully I didn't fall asleep but Kimmy did. It was lunch now and Kimmy told me wait for her by the bench outside so I did and you know who decided to show up instead of Kimmy well let's just say his name is what catches animals in the forest.
°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°CHARACTERS BELOWHey the names Alicia. Hope You like the book so far...well the first chapter. *awkward* *scratches head* Sooo Comment, Vote and give me a follow. Great you see you make me sound needy for votes, comments and followers if you would just do it I won't be in this position.Smh...