
Becky
" beCKy get up " my brother, Nash, said tickling me to wake up." well good morning to you too. " I said getting up." but seriously little sister, get up or you're gonna be late. " he said walking out of my door.
hi hello, my name is becky, I have a brother, nash, our parents died in a car crash, we moved from America to Ireland to forget the bad memories.this is my first day of school.okay don't get me wrong, I did have friends in my school in America, the thing is that they ditched me, they've been my friends only to "bang" my brother, Nash is the boy who every girl wants, and, I'm...me.
I went straight to the bathroom, washed my face, took a 10 minutes shower and went down stairs to eat something, I walked into our pantry, the hardest choice for me is to chose a cereal, we had all the kinds, because of my obsessed brother, I ended up grabbing some Froot Loops, I took out 2 bowls, one for me, and one for my brother, after "making" cereal, I walked to Nash's room and gave him his bowl, he was lying on his bed, playing in his phone.
" says the boy who is still laying in bed " I joked." get out of my room " he said throwing a pillow at me and laughing." whatever " I said getting out of his room.
I went to my room to get ready.(outfit and makeup up there) I ended up pairing that with some black skinny ripped jeans and black vans. and yes my hair is a mix of dark red and red. don't you dare judging me.
I grabbed my backpack that had a lot of bands decorations on the back as All Time Low, Blink - 182, Sleeping With Sirens and bunches more, I LOVED my backpack.I went down stairs and passed through Nash's room to make sure his up and going to school, I grabbed my phone, put my headphones in, and went to school, i putted my phone on shuffle and American Idiot came on, God I loved that song.
10 minutes later
here I am, next to the school gates, I am literally shaking, girls are giving me dirty looks, I even heated someone call me "emo" what's that even supposed to mean.I went straight to the principal's office, he welcomed me with a warm smile.
" hello there. " he said smiling." hello sir. " I said smiling." you must be Becky Grier? " he said reading through a paper." that's me." I said laughing." here you go, this is your schedule. " he gave me a paper smiling." thank you! see you around sir " I said getting out of the room."good bye " he simply said smiling.
I started reading through my schedule, I had photography first, YES.I loved photography, as I putted my schedule inside my backpack and grabbed my phone and started scrolling through tumblr, since I had 10 minutes to wast, as I was walking I heard footsteps behind me, oh shoot, am I gonna be kidnapped?I breathed in and out and turned around to see a boy with dyed purple hair, he had beautiful eyes, he was so cute.
" um can I help you? " I said nervously." hello, I am Michael! " he said happily." hello, I am Becky. " I said." are you new? " he said." yupp " I said stretching out the p." I just wanted to say that there isn't so many girls who actually like good music, so you must be special. " he said blushing." aw haha thank you " I said." what do you have first? " he said smiling." photography, you? "" I have music " he said sadly." aw haha, um do you mind siting in lunch with me, because as you can tell, I am a loner. " I said laughing." sure! you're gonna get to meet my other friends! "" yey, I wish they will like me " " I'm sure they will "
this Michael guys is actually really nice, I learnt that he was in a band with his friends, they're name was 5 Seconds Of Summer, I am so excited.
-------------------------------------------------------------hELlo everYonE! this is my first Luke faniction!!I wish you like it babes!!see ya babes!!(jessie paege is in the picture)