
The boy reluctantly holds your hands, leading you away from the spot where you awoke. You follow just as reluctantly. His two cold hands clench around your right wrist hard, but with such pressure you know he's only scared. You slowly place your left palm on his knuckles to warm them up. Suddenly, the boy stops in his brisk pace and turns to look at you. He's smiling, but it's not the evil, hungry smile that he graced you with before, it's a small, sad smile with misty eyes. You can tell from the tears this is the first time he's felt kindness as true as this. His head snaps around once he sees the sorrow swimming in liquid droplets that pool in your eyes. He continues even faster than before. The quick trot eventually leads to a run, with tears streaming behind him with each step. Not a minute later, you reach the end of the room, or hall, as you now realize it is. A singular door painted the same grey as the walls sits in the corner, waiting to be opened. A sign hangs from a nail reads, 'this door may be opened once the evil has gone'. You jiggle the handle but it doesn't budge. The boy suddenly lets go of your hands and steps away from you. You turn to follow, but he growls as soon as you take a step to do so. Gingerly, he pulls out a bloodstained necklace from his shorts. No, not just a necklace, a locket! Still careful, he pushes a button atop the locket, which causes it to snap open with surprising ease. Out falls a key, looking like it matches the keyhole on the door, but surprisingly, you are less interested with your escape now than what picture is contained within the locket. A girl, frozen in time, smiles to the camera, with matching facial features to the boy, even a cute little mole above his lip. You stop. The mole is miniscule, not visible from the distance you are from him, but somehow, you knew it was there. How? Suddenly, you remember. You knew it was there because you have the matching blemish. You rush up and hug your younger brother, sobbing into his shoulder. How did you forget? You loved your brother more than life itself! That's why... that's... why... you sacrificed yourself. You remember, you and your brother were hiking through the desert on vacation when you got lost. This wasn't an "I can't find my Mommy at the super market" lost, this was the kind of lost where you instinctively knew, you'd never be found. You still never gave up hope, though. You hunted, unsuccessfully, for the few life forms capable of living there, mainly lizards and snakes. Days passed and your hunting expeditions had gotten you bitten by a rattlesnake. You were dead the second the viper's deadly fangs gripped your ankle. So you made a choice. Using a survival knife your dad gave you, you amputated your own foot, and with your last dying breath, you told your brother to eat you. At that moment, it wasn't a horrible idea, your brother was thirsty and hungry, this way one of us could live. He complied with my wishes, consuming me with tear-stained cheeks, but once he found help, he was treated as an insane murderer who'd run away with his sister just to murder her. I screamed to the public about the absurdities of their accusation, but my voice could no longer be heard by mortal ears. You had watched in disbelief as your own father had murdered him out of rage on a prison visit. To numb the pain, you forgot everything, your life, your family, and of course, your brother. But now, together again, the brother and sister duo cry together, both fading into oblivion, but still knowing in happiness that they'd never be separated again.
Both souls were put to rest.