
"Stupid bitch" mumbled the guy I just threatened.
I turned and pined him to the wall loudly making everyone look at us"Say it to my fucking face" I hissed darkly seething, he shook his head at me "now I'm a girl of my word and I promised you a beating if you disrespected me and you just did" I told his eyes widened making the light brown pop. I pulled my hand back and punched his jaw he fell on the floor with a grown holding his jaw and backed away from me as I followed him until someone grabbed me"Zoe?!" Fuck Liam"Get lost" I growled at the kid and he jumps up and ran still holding his jaw.
I pulled my arm Liam's grip and saw him with a hood up and sunglasses on, makes sense really I mean who'd want a thousand screaming girls? Note my sarcasm!"Yes?" I asked bored. He looks me up and down taking in the piercings that are my eyebrow-twice-snake bites, nose, five on each ear, dimple and the ones he can't see are my belly and lower back piercings "What happened to you?" He asked the same question everyone asks, why? What? When? Did someone change you? Yes someone did but that's a story I'm never telling. I don't want sympathy nor the counselling I've already walked out on about ten maybe fifteen times now"I grew up" I replied the same bored tone then walked off but he follows so did his band all in hoodies and sunglasses and they look confused.
People walked around me and the others that seemed to be still following me, I'm annoyed now. I hate people following me unless I told them to! "What do you want?!" I asked annoyed an still bored. I can tell Liam's eyes went wide as his brows go up"For you to explain some things, when and why are you in London? And when you were going to explain the real reason of....... this?" He gestured to all of me and I rolled my eyes"I'm in London because I chose to be and I came about a month ago. I told you I grew up for some tattoos and piercings. It's no big deal. Now just..... leave me alone" I told and tried to walk away but he grabbed me"Li" warned the Irish Niall but Liam ignored him "I'm not letting my own sister walk around being feared" he told sternly and I glared.
I pulled from his grip and kept my glare"I'm here by choice, I did this by choice and did it ever get into your music infested brain that the fear is a choice? Because it is" I growled out and walked towards the gangs spot of the mall which is the fountain and sat with them seeing Liam storm off on his phone "Alright boss?" Asked Curt looking Liam and his friends at there table in the food court with a big guy I believe is Paul and a few of his men. That will be interesting"Just the past creeping up" I replied and ate the chips given to me.
Paul and his men made there way to us and I told my guys to stay still but alert, basically don't attack until I do or tell them to"Zoe Payne" says Paul looking at me"Paul" I replied monotone"Come with us" he told and I smirked as my men chuckled. I hummed eating chips with an amused smirk on my face"Well Paul I'll give you a choise. I'm feeling a little generous. You can leave walking and fine or my guys can beat your guys then you can walk away with a broken face" I became serious at the end my smirked dropped he looks at me taking an hell engine step closer and I nod to Keith with his two big ass guys.
A fight broke out I watched Liam's reaction which is shocked and angered "Leave em" I told just as they were going to beat them to the point of them blacking out. Keith and his two men came back, Paul was the only one actually standing"It's hard to believe your Liam's sister" he told in shock. If anything it made me boil. I've always been compared to Liam. It wasn't the main reason I changed or left but it was partly there are other small reasons but the main one still digs in deep. I stood and walked to Paul he didn't really move at all"Just because I'm his sister does not mean that I am ANYTHING like him, is that clare?" I asked a hiss/growl he nods with a frown "good. Leave my mall" I ordered and took my seat again.
They all scrambled up and limped away Liam's shocked look is just one of anger now but his band are shocked and scared"Hey boss check this out" Marcus grinned at me with a black box. He opened it and I smirked"Nice" comments Curt next to me as I pick out one of the knifes"Talk about cut throat" I smirked at my gang name. Yeah I've been here for a month but it takes a lot to get where I am and it did but it was worth it! I slipped the knife in my boot and Marcus sat on the box as policemen walked over "what can I do for you gents?" I asked a half smirk on my lips.