
BEEP, BEEP, BEEP the sound of my alarm going off. It's the first day back to school and im so not ready for this. I picked out my outfit which was my high wasted shorts and my crop top and sandals. My mom called me down for breakfast and I was wondering why she was up so early but, I forgot she started her new job today.
"mhmm this smells really good I said.
Yeah, mom made our old pancakes from when we were little my brother said.
really! what is all this for I asked?
well, I start my new job today and you guys deserve a great start of the day my mom said.
yeah okay I said."
I grabbed my plate and went over to the table and sat down as I was checking my messages. I got a call on my phone it was Jason.
" hey babe, what's up I said.
hey nothing, you need a ride to school he asked?
yeah sure I said.
okay ill be there in 10 minutes he said."
I went upstairs and brushed my teeth and did my makeup. of course you have to look good high school. Also im like the most popular girl in school so I have to look my best. I looked out my window and saw Jason in the driveway I grabbed my bag and headed downstairs. as I was running out the door I yelled to my mom and said goodbye. I got in his car and we had a semi-make out morning kiss. We arrived at school and both the cheer team and football team came running up Jason's car.
" hey girl how was your summer sarah asked? (my best friend)
it was good, how about yours I said.
it was fantastic, I have a story to tell she said.
spill it I said.
well it was the day I got back from Florida. I went to the beach and Shawn was there and I went into the water with my little sister and he was playing water football and on accident or so he said it was the football hit me in the back. I grabbed the football and handed it to him. he waved at me and smiled and then later on there was the beach party that u missed, and we talked and that's what happened and now we are going to be the next star couple she said.
The boys put there arms around me and sarah.
Yeah well you'll have to kill me first to be the next star couple remember im the most popular girl in school or so I've been told I said."
we walked into school and as soon as the doors opened everyone cleared the hallway Jason, sarah, me, and Shawn all walked down the hallway like they do in movies. I went to my locker and grabbed my books and walked to class with sarah.
" is that seriously what your wearing to school I said.(being mean to an unpopular)
Yeah, what's wrong with it the girl said.
it's hideous, it looks like a cat threw up on it and then dumped it in mud I said.
(sarah laughing)
class take a seat the teacher said."
We took a seat and I turned around and started to laugh. The teacher began to talk and Jason and I started making out in the back out of classroom. Mrs. Donner saw us and started to say something. we ignored her at first but then this happened.