
"Cat!" she whispered harshly, "Get back here right now or I'll throw you out the window." She didn't see the cat anywhere. Clara couldn't let the animal run away, her parents would be crushed. For some mysterious reason they loved the cat and she wouldn't forgive herself if it disappeared on her watch. She shut the door quickly and ran upstairs, narrowly avoiding the squeaky step. She rushed into her room and over to Elizabeth who was sprawled out across the floor. Clara shook her carefully, trying to wake her up. She didn't want to go out there alone, but she needed to move fast.
"Ellie wake up! There's been an issue!" she begged. Her friend only rolled over on her side, away from Clara's nagging. She cursed loudly. Elizabeth wasn't going to wake up anytime soon and the cat would be gone by the time she did. Instead, she assured herself that nothing was out there and grabbed her phone from where it was charging on her desk. She- none too gently- stepped around her friend's air mattress and ran back downstairs. She carefully opened up the closet door and pulled on a pair of flip flops. Clara was dressed only in a pair of pajama shorts and a sweatshirt, but she didn't want the cat to get too far away. She opened up the flashlight on her phone and eased the door open. The breeze whipped back her hair and bit into her skin even if it was early May. Nothing was ever warm here, especially at night.
"Cat!" she yelled, "Come out here," she didn't want to go into the forest this late at night. It was dark and she hated to admit it, but she was scared. Her "flashlight" only did so much when there were barely any working lights around. She tried to track the cat and stared at the ground helplessly, but all she saw was the matted muddy grass. Clara was close to giving up and going back to the house in defeat when she heard a soft meowing. She sighed thankfully and followed the sound of the cat. It had wandered pretty far from the house and she couldn't help but feel uneasy being out here all alone. She focused on the sound of the cat and nothing else. Right at the forest line sat her parents gray and white pet, staring at the sky.
"Do you understand how much trouble you could have gotten me in?" Clara hissed. I'm going crazy, she thought to herself, talking to this stupid cat and expecting an answer. She rushed over to her and picked her up. "What are you looking at anyway?" She murmured into its stinky fur.
Its sharp claws tore into the thin fabric of her sweatshirt. "Ow!" she growled, "What is your problem?"
The cat was still looking up and clawing at her arms. She followed its glowing gaze and looked up along with it. Clara almost dropped the cat. One of her favorite things about living here was how clear the night sky always was. There weren't many lights around here so you could see almost every star at night. What she saw now was clear as day. Something was falling from the sky. She snapped out of her daze and ran to hide behind the nearest tree, clutching the cat tightly. She crouched on the ground, waiting for the collision. There was none though. There was only a flash of light and a muted bang, like dropping a metal bowl on the floor. She peeked at the object from behind the cat, praying that it wouldn't make a sound.
The thing that had fallen was not a rock or a meteor, but a door, a normal sized green door attached to nothing. There was smoke pouring from beneath it and flashes of light were pulsating across the grass. Her hands shook as she hugged the cat tightly, wishing to every star up there that she was safe in her bed dreaming. The door shook a few times like someone was banging on it, and Clara hoped that there was no one, that it was just some falling door from the sky, or better yet, a hallucination. Luck wasn't on her side tonight. The door fell open and out tumbled a form of some kind. It looked human. Clara held her breath as she waited for it to stand or crawl or do something other than lay on the ground in a crumpled heap. The figure stirred slowly and started picking itself up off the ground. The grass around the silhouette was crushed and smoking, almost like it had been burned.