
"Ma'am stay calm and just breathe" said a nurse as I was giving birth to my first child. I heard a cry of a baby and relaxed as the nurse brought my baby to my arms. "it's a beautiful baby girl!" She gushed. I smiled looking down at my baby girl. she had beautiful hazel eyes that sparkled just like her fathers. my first husband died in an accident a few months ago. I kissed her forehead. "her name will be Mae" I said with a smile still staring down at my baby.-----a few days later-------"Thank you for everything." I said walking out of the hospital to my car with Mae in my arms. I got in my car and put Mae in her car seat. I started the long drive to my house. it's an apartment in Boulder Colorado. I noticed someone in the car behind was following me. "no way." I said thinking I was being paranoid. I looked over to see Mae sleeping. I smiled and took a deep breathe. I pulled into the parking lot and grabbed my baby girl and walked to my apartment. I got inside and whispered "home sweet home." to Mae. i held her in my arms as I walked to her bedroom and put her in the small white crib that was in the corner of the room along with her dresser. I got a baby monitor and walked into the kitchen to make some dinner when I heard a knock on the door. I walked over and looked in the peep hole and say a man and women with weapons at their waist. they knocked again. "open up!" Yelled a man on the other side. I backed up and ran to my babies room and started packing her a very light bag with clothes and an extra bottle for her. I heard the door bust down and I shut and locked the door. I grabbed my baby and ran to the window and opened it. as soon as I did the door caved in and I ran out with my hands wrapped around my child and her bag as I rushed to the car. I sat her in her car seat and started the car. Those people soon found out about my escape and ran towards the car and I drove off with them chasing me. I drove and after a while I lost them. I took a deep breathe and pulled over and from the back seat checked to see if my bag for emergencys had extra clothes and I was happy it did.
I started the engine again and drove to my safe house in the middle of no where. when I found out I was a werewolf I had to prepare for the worst.   And for my newly born child I should be extra careful.  I pulled into the driveway to see people searching the area. I stopped the car and got out but not fully. "There she is!" A women's voice yelled as a arrow came straight at me, I ducked and it hit a tree. I got in the car and drove through the city with them hot on my tail. I phoned my landlord and said I'm leaving everything I own behind and moving out. "okay thank you for your time." I said hanging up. I looked at Mae and she was looking at me with her bug eyes they were a hazel color and I took in her face and she was absolutely beautiful.