
A/N- Hello! Quick intro before we start. This is my first fanfic I've ever written but I've read tons! So I hope you enjoy! If you have questions about the plot leave a comment and I'll try to respond. Shoutout to my editor and best friend Katie (Starkid Jr.) follow her on here too (kitkatguurl )Enjoy!!!!
Chapter 1
"Please Puddin', I-I didn't mean to ruin it." Before I knew it I was hit to the ground, only to be kicked and bruised. "You are pathetic. I told you to stay OUT OF MY WAY! My plan was perfect. But you. You just HAD to get your little ass involved! I had him right where I wanted him but you came along! You still little harlequin piece of shit!" The pain was excruciating, increasing with even the slightest of movement I made. I thought I was helping, I thought Mistah J would be proud of me for trying to help. Boy was I wrong. "Please- Mistah J. Don't leave me. I love you." "AHAHAHAH," his maniacal laughter sent chills down my spine. "You really think I love you? And here I thought I was the craziest one here! Well NEWSFLASH! I never loved you, I never wanted you! But there you were, always coming back when I just thought I had gotten rid of you for good, but here you came back with that annoying squeak you call a voice. You had a good run Harley, but now I think it's time for you to be gone. Forever." The room was filled with his crazy laughter, followed by hesitant and nervous laughing from the goons, all with faces painted like clowns. "Please. Don't do this Puddin'. I can change! REALLY! I can! Just please don't kill me!" "Tsk tsk tsk. And here I thought you would run your ass away from here. But no, I'm not going to kill you." "Really? Aw Pud-," he crouched down until his face was only millimeters from like. "I am going to beat you until you bleed, bleed until you die. AND THERE'S NO ONE HERE TO SAVE YOU! AHAHAHAHAHAH!" "Please don't do this to me! I'll leave you alone, just please don't kill me!" The tears stung my battered eyes, slowly falling down my cheek, finally dripping onto the floor. "YOU DONT GET IT DO YOU?! You've been a pain in my ass ever since you became Harley Quinn. Can't you open your eyes?! I NEVER LOVED YOU! I NEVER WILL! I used you! And now, I think I've used you for far far too long. Time to say 'Nighty Night,' you little bitch. Get her, tie her up, and beat her until she's dead. Don't come back until then or you'll be the ones to die tonight." I couldn't believe this was the end. I put my whole life into helping and pleasing The Joker, only to get beatings and abuse in return. Did I ever even love him? I don't even know what it means to love someone anymore. But how would I ever find out? How could someone ever love Harleen Quinzel? The crazy, clingy, desperate, annoying Harleen Quinzel. I would never get to start over, never have a family, find love, is that even exists. "You heard the boss, tie her up," one of the goons yelled. "Go 'head. Do what ya wish!" I knew I didn't have a chance of living. The goons tied my legs and wrists with thick rope and gagged me with a purple scrap of cloth. The last thing I saw was the door to the apartment being opened, and I remember being lifted up, only to be knocked by a goon almost immediately. So this was it? This was the end of Harley Quinn, of Harleen Frances Quinzel. I had such a good life before I changed I had a college degree, well paying job, an apartment of my own, God what was I thinking when I changed?! How could I not have realized that the Joker was just using me? I was so stupid. I thought he was different. Just a poor innocent soul being abused and poorly treated. I was so dumb. I tried to imagine life without Mistah J, without little Harley Quinn. I could've been happy, had a husband, still have a job at Arkham, started a family. My father would've been so disappointed in me. Look at me now, look at where I am. Dying in a dark alley being pummeled by goons. No part of me was free from pain, a goon had kicked me in my head, and I'm almost certain the blow damaged something. It wasn't soon after the kick that I could see the blood pool all around my limp, bruised, and battered body. So this is it, huh? So long Gotham. Before blacking out again I heard a WHOOSH! and saw each goon fall hard to the ground one after the other. A dark figure approached me, crouching down. To my surprise, the figure picked me up with strong her gentle hands, and my head was against his muscled shoulder. I felt something I had only felt once, and that was with my father. I felt safe. The stranger started walking when I blacked out again, soon to forget everything that had happened tonight.