
Elsa walked down to the kitchen slowly. Anna was sat at the table eating her cereal happily.
Elsa sighed slightly. Anna and elsa have been moving from family member to family member ever since their parents passed away in a sea storm. It took months for elsa to open up again.
"Morning sis'" Anna smiled shoving more cereal into her mouth.
"Morning" elsa mumbled sitting across from her. Elsa grabbed an apple and took a bite. She hasn't gotten much time to take in her new surroundings.
They had presently been moved into a house with their aunt Cassie. Aunt Cassie and herio have been living here for two years. They originally were living in Japan.
Their kitchen was filled with a wide range of cutlery and pots. The walls were tilled black and he floors had white tiles. In the middle of the room stood a island with a black worktop which made the silver sink stand out a lot more.
"Excited for school?" Anna asked finishing up her food.
"Not really" Elsa shrugged picking at the light blue nail polish. Annas school doesn't start for another week so she was planning on going out with herio and Cassie.
"What...why?" Anna pushed crossing her arms.
"I'm not good at making friends" elsa replied taking another bite.
Elsa hadn't really been the same ever since her parents died. Anna had never been close to her parents, but elsa ... She was as close to her parents as anybody could be. Ever since she was little her parents were the only ones who helped her through her power and thought her how to control it... Now that nobody was here that knew. She had to keep it hidden... From everyone.
"Morning!" Herio smiled strolling in. Herio has been living with aunt Cassie since he was three. His parents died and like anna and elsa was moved. His brother tadashi has passed away in an explotion not too long ago. Herio was devestated but with he help of his cousins he managed to pull himself together slightly.
"Morning" elsa replied looking up at her 13 year old cousin.
They chatted for a while before aunt Cassie strolled in.
"Elsa! Your going to be late!"  Aunt Cassie panicked after noticing  elsa.
Elsa jumped out of her seat quickly grabbing her bag and rushed out the door.
Elsa's *POV*
I quickly rushed outside barely making the bus.
I looked around the crowded bus. Nobody paid attention to me and continued yelling at their friends across the bus.
I took my seat next to this kid. He was reading a book with a pair of earphones. He looked at me and quickly pulled out his earphones so he wasn't rude.
"Hey I'm elsa" I mumbled holding out my hand.
"Hiccup" he replied Shaking my hand. I looked at him confused. I never heard of the name hiccup. He seemed to notice.
"I know odd name.... But I've never heard the name elsa either" he chucked closing his book.
My cheeks turned red and I looked at my hands.
Me and hiccup chatted for a while before the bus pulled up to collect another kid.
My head turned to look at  the kid who just came on.
He had white hair and his eyes were a piercing blue. He was wearing a blue jumper and jeans. He looked gorgeous.
His glimpse caught mine and I felt a chill run down my spine. He smirked slightly before walking down the bus.
"That's jack... Jack frost he's the most popular guy in the school... I wouldn't talk to him" hiccup stated looking at jack.
I nodded but couldn't shake the picture of his icy blue eyes... And the way the looked so frozen.