
Planet Earth, Maine
May 7th 2012
2:20 AM
The cat wouldn't stop glaring at Clara. Its green eyes were too bright in the darkness of her bedroom and she couldn't go to sleep. Clara had hated that cat ever since she could remember and she didn't quite know why. It was too mean, too cold, like it knew something Clara didn't. Its look of superiority made her want to throw it out of her window and never look at it again. Her parents would be upset though, and she didn't want to make them upset.
Clara groaned and rolled over towards the window, trying to ignore the annoying presence right behind her head. Her best friend Elizabeth had been asleep for hours, almost immediately after she had turned on the movie they had decided to watch. Elizabeth always did that. It didn't matter what they were watching, the minute it started playing she was asleep. Clara envied her for that. She could never go straight to sleep- her thoughts were just too loud. It also didn't help that the cat was staring straight at her head. She sat up in bed and glanced at the glowing red numbers on her alarm clock reading 2:20. She groaned and picked it up from her bed. It had to go.
She tiptoed quietly downstairs, hopping over the step that squeaked, and brought the cat over to the window. She set it down on the kitchen table and went to get a glass of water, wincing at the loud sound coming from the sink. The cat didn't move an inch. She sat down across from it grumpily.
"What do you want?" Clara refused to call her by its actual name. It just stared right back at her blankly. "I have to go to bed," she growled. It blinked a few times but didn't leave. Clara drained the rest of her glass and put it by the sink. Elizabeth always woke up early, even during sleepovers, so she had to be sleeping very soon or else she would be too tired to focus on her friends endless talking and gossip. Not that she was complaining, Elizabeth was her one source of news.
Clara stood to go back upstairs- this time leaving the cat- when she caught a movement just outside the window. Normally she would've ignored it. There were things outside all the time; it was probably just a deer. That's what you were used to when you lived in Maine on one acre of forest, but the thing she saw was different. It was more like a flash of light, not just a brown streak.
She could've ignored it, she could've gone back upstairs and maybe delayed the inevitable meeting that was to come, but instead she became curious. Clara pressed her nose against the chilly glass attempting to see out into the dark night. There were only the porch lights and the broken lanterns sitting along the edge of the woods. She couldn't see anything, at least anything important, and she was once again about to go upstairs when the cat hissed. Clara froze where she was and looked down at the demon animal. Its pink nose was pressed against the glass leaving a wet smear she would probably have to clean later and there was a snarl on its face. Clara looked at it in surprise. The cat never made a sound; it normally just sat on the couch or the cool floor staring at everyone around it.
"What is it?" she asked. It only stayed where it was staring across the lawn, not that she expected it to answer. She squinted her eyes, trying to see what her pet saw, but there was nothing. "You dumb cat," Clara scowled, "You're just trying to keep me up." It looked up at her sharply as if trying to communicate some kind of important message.
"Do you want to go outside?" she asked. Clara knew that it didn't, it hated the outdoors. The cat meowed urgently, much to her surprise. Sometimes Clara forgot it even did that.
"You do?" it rubbed against her feet. She raised an eyebrow, but decided to let it out anyways. She would just stand on the porch and watch it to make sure it didn't run away. She wasn't a very athletic cat so Clara doubted she would wander far. "You are causing me a lot of trouble kitty." She grabbed the key from the table and opened up the door slowly, trying to keep it from squeaking. Before it was even halfway open the cat slid out and into the night. Clara cursed at herself and opened the door wider.