
Hey everyone! Katie here with my 1st new official fanfic! Just to point out this is a raura, rinessa,rockaia and rydellington book,you might be confused in the first few chapters but you'll get it as the story continues, i hope you enjoy reading as much as i will do writing.one more thing, they are not related in this book so they all have different lifestyles and i think this will all fit them in the story so continue reading on.:) remember to vote, comment and follow if you haven't already and I hope you enjoy reading.
Laura's POVI waited until my evil stepmother had ordered me something else to do before I ran to the correct place to do it after I did it, I quickly packed all the things I needed into a suitcase and had ever since my parents died, they had passed on 2,000$ for me in heritage and incase I needed some in their case I do but my evil stepmother stole it so there's only 30$ left. I know right? Great! Note the sarcasm.
"Rag girl!!" My stepmother summons me. I quickly kicked my suitcase under my bed and ran to my stepmothers room, she held up her tea cup, indicating she wanted more tea.
I rolled my eyes but she didn't see me and I smiled faking and rook the tea cup from her and after when she told her I would fetch her more tea and closed her bedroom door, I crashed the cup onto the floor and I felt my stepmother coming and she saw me running into my room.
I quickly put on my coat and shoes then got my suitcase under the bed and dodged my stepmother's hand and I quickly sped down the stairs like my life depending on it which it did. She lunged for me but I threw a glass mug in her direction it missed her but hit her in the left of her eye, she screamed in pain and I ran out of the house, not looking back as she shouted this words in pain "GO DIE AND NEVER COME BACK!!"
Once I had reached the crossroads, I stopped to reach my breath, I probably looked ridiculous with a suitcase in hand at 8:30 at night, yup..really stupid.
A few hours laterI walked around for a little bit, looking around the town of London with a sigh, where would I stay for the night? I sat down on a bench kicking my legs in and out as I looked around the city, I know I had done the right thing, I know I have. I couldn't stay there any longer.
"Oh my gosh! Are you alright?" I heard a voice say, I looked up to see a black haired girl with hazel eyes,she was wearing a hoodie along with black pants and black sneakers, well everything she was is basically black.
"You know it's bad to wear black at night." I chuckled and she shrugged, sitting down next to me.
"You know it's bad to be by yourself with a suitcase at night." She said and I looked down..touchy subject.
"Yeah well..what can you do." I looked down at the ground.
"Hey." She started, putting a comforting hand on my shoulder that made me look up at her. "I'm sorry if I upset you." She used her other hand to tuck a strand of hair behind her ear.
"It's okay." I wiped tears that had fallen. "It's not your fault, my stepmother wasn't very nice when my parents died that's why I'm a mess."
"Tell me more." She smiled, making her sorriness for the death of my parents know. "That's if you want to."
"Yeah." I smiled. "Well.. My mom died when I was really little and my dad...well he was killed by the government in Afghanistan."
"Oh." She whispered sadly. "My grandfather died the same way, I was only 6."
"Lucky for you, you weren't just a year old." My speech came out bitter even when I didn't need it to.
"That must've been hard for you well your life must be pretty hard, I can't imagine of what you've had to go through." She was choosing her words carefully.