
Two days. Forty eight hours. 2880 minutes. 172,800 seconds. That's a lot of time to be stuck in your room, un less you don't have any friends like me then your probably use to it. Your probably thinking two days, holy shit that's so long you can't be serious that's just the weekend. Funny thing is it's summer break so everyday is a pretty much a weekend. Imagine being grounded for not only some dumbass reason but with absolutely nothing to do. I'm talking about no television, phone, laptop, computer or board games. Instead my parents being the pricks that they are made me watch the Discovery Channel and read my father's short stories about plants. Your probably wondering what kind of parents makes their child read short stories, let alone short stories about plants? Now I'm wondering why your not wondering what kind of father writes short stories about plants?. The answer is simple really, parents who are botanist. Then again I highly doubt every single botanist out there is writing short stories about planets. I'm just glad my parents didn't leave what they like to call the consequence decision to my mother. I'd rather be reading short stories about planets written by my father, than help third graders at Bradwood Elementary School. Last month I was caught hiding weed for my boyfriend Ryan Davis in my underwear drawl, my parents left the consequence decision to my mother. And long story short I help assisted my mother's third grade class, which was a living hell because after lunch some kid had diarrhea problems. Turned out the kid was lactose intolerant and drank milk because 1.) he loved milk and 2.) he was tired of living with rules. What does a third grader know about rules? My father being the loving and caring man that he is felt sorry for his daughter and thought he was doing me a favor by saving my ass. Little did he know, not every one found his short stories interesting. In fact, most people probably find a thousand things more interesting than being a botanist."Holly!" I flutter my eyelashes at the pieces of papers in front of me numbered in red pen. This is the nineteenth time I've read these shitty short stories and about to go mental. All day I've been bouncing back and fourth from the Discovery Chanel to the short stories. "Holly, open up!" Ryan bangs on my bedroom window, I continue to ignore him. It's his fault I'm in this mess to begin with. Well he's one of the reasons why I was in trouble, technically my current situation is my fault. Ryan taps the glass repeatedly, "Holly baby, let me." It was always 'Holly baby this, Holly baby that.' I remember his exact words a week before my parents caught me with his weed, 'Holly, baby you know I love you and that I'd do anything for you. So in return can you keep an eye on a little something?' Maybe my current situation now is my fault but I'm not going to forgive him so easily. Plus, it's just an excuse to avoid him. Lately being in this relationship with him has been hell.Whenever he says Holly baby, it's like anger in the form of a war zone that goes off in my head. And in that war zone is a million clones of sissy Ryans charging at me in this lovey-dovey annoying way. At first I look happier than ever to see him, it's sorta like one of those movies were the couples run into each other's arms on the beach. Expect as soon as he's about to engulf me in one of his bear hugs, I pull out a sword and try to kill him."Holly, please." he murmurs, placing his hand against the glass. I glare over my shoulder at him, his short blonde hair soaked in rain and his ivy green eyes staring at me like a lost puppy. And in that moment I felt sorry for him, whatever frustration I had towards him was gone. Maybe just for the moment.I slide open my window and he climbs in, kissing me on the cheek. I slide a strand of my hair behind my ear awkwardly, "What are you doing here?" but Ryan begins to take off his leather jacket. "Why does it matter why I'm here? I'm here aren't I?" he chuckles, as he plops down on my bed. He stares at my television, slightly frowning. "How long have you been watching this?" he teases, I roll my eyes. "Enough that it should be considered as a new way of child abuse." I mutter. Ryan laughs, "Yeah." I stand in front of him blocking the television screen, "Ryan, don't joke about child abuse. It's not some joke." and he frowns, "But you --"I interrupt him, "Did you leave your engine on or something what's that noise?" he glares at the window, "Yeah why?" his eyebrows furrow. I sigh, "Go before my parents show up," I laugh, pulling his arm. He groans as he stands up from my bed, "And don't leave your engine on when your not driving." I giggle, he turns around and kisses me. "See you in a week." he jokes. I roll my eyes as he climbs out of my window, "My parents won't have me grounded for that long." As Ryan is standing on the roof top, hunched over and staring at me through my open window. I notice a black mustang approaching the sidewalk across the street. Ryan glares over his shoulder at the mustang then back at me, "Promise me that as soon as your no longer grounded you'll come to the beach house with me." he murmurs with a grin. I smile weakly at him and sigh, "Maybe." I whisper with a grin. Ryan grins, "Promise me." he demands. I watch the stranger swing open the driver's door, he's handsome I'll give him that. The mustang looks familiar but anyone could have a black mustang.Ryan doesn't seem to notice me checking out the guy across the street, he's talking but I don't understand what he's saying. I watch the brunette haired stranger grab a gray Jansport back pack and rush across the street. Before the stranger disappears from my view I can see him pulling his black hoodie over his head."Holly?" Ryan laughs. "What?" I murmur, with a nervous laugh. He looks over his shoulder then back at me, "What's got your attention from than me?" he questions. I motion him away, "Go, my parents will be here any second." I lie, I knew I had an twenty minutes before they came home. Ryan nods quickly, "Alright, Alright. Mrs. Bossy." he teases childishly. As soon as Ryan walks down my roof I watch him ride away, then I quickly close my window. The door bell rings and I rush downstairs to open the door. I run my fingers through my short blonde hair, I knew who was at the door. Calum Hood was his name. He was a year older than me and lived in California, he was my mother's step-son from her first marriage. The only reason Calum isn't out of the picture is because he was like a son to my mother, a son she never had. I extend my arm out and grip the door nob, technically he wasn't even my step-brother considering my mother's marriage with his father is over. So when you think about it Calum and I were never considered siblings. The door bell rings again, I take an deep breathe and open the front door. Calum shakes his head at me as his bites his lip, "I thought you weren't gonna answer for a second." he chuckles, I laugh in respond. I stare at him, as he flutters his eyelashes at me in annoyance. I never meet Cal in person, we've texted and talked on the phone. But I've only seen pictures of him and the last photo I've seen was when my mother was showing me pictures of Cal when he was eight."Soooo are you gonna let me in or not?" he teases, it's as if he knows I like him and he does everything in his power to make me weak. I laugh nervously, "Yeah, come in," and he walks in with his bag on one shoulder. "Why are you here?" I question."Ouch." he chuckles, stopping halfway to the kitchen. I close and lock the front door, "I'm not trying to rude or anything --"He tilts his head, "I'm your study buddy." he grins, as he walks into the kitchen.