
This will be in Kellin's POV. Unless stated otherwise.
I've never actually wondered what love would be like.I here its like being on "cloud 9" whatever the fuck that's supposed mean. I don't believe in the word 'love' in my opinion you can only go as far to extremely like someone but 'love'... does not exist. Before you start pointing the finger, no I'm not one of those people who had there heart broken and is teying to warn people off relationship's because I 'can't be happy without love'. I'm pretty sure you we're happy before getting into a relationship so stop overreacting. If you got your heart broken, don't blame yourself and think its your fault. It just means that your too good for them so instead of crying your eyes out, eating only pizza, chocolate and tonnes of ice-cream and get up and show thay no one can keep you down because they break your heart to prove that that's what they're capable of doing and showing that you're hurt just proves them right and you don't want that. Plus, hearts are only open when they break. But thats my advice and my opinion.
I have never had my heart broken because well, I haven't been in "love" mostly because love isn't real and because I only go as far as liking someone, alot.I've been in a few relationship's and the word 'love' never came up. And all ended well. Thesemdays I can't be bothered with relationships, people are boring. Apart from my best friend. He's the most least boring person that I actually know. I keep no secrets from my best friend, apart from the fact that I'm gay. He's not homophobic or anything I'm just still in the closet andmi think he'll freak out if I ever told him we both kinda take the piss out of stereotypical gay people and use the word 'gay' in wrong context. Yes some things he says actually does affect me, hell even what I say sometimes affect me but if I was to jusy bring it up I'd a huge hypocrite and probably loose my best friend. You see I'm a very flirtatious and touchy person somifni came out to him then he'd probably think I jad a crush on him, which I actually don't.
I guess I'm not fully in the closest. My parents know im gay and joke around a lot and I joke back. I may seem serious but I'm actually very crazy and silly. I have my serious moments but I, honestly just chilled and fun. Im so 'gay' as people say. Which is true I am gay... In both ways.
*beep, beep*
And now my best friend is here.
I quickly scooped up my papers and put them in my back pack, slinging it over my shoulder leaving , y bed room and going down stairs, my parents had let him in and he was laughing with them in the kitchen.
"Kellin, what are you wearing?" My best friend asked.
"Dude, you stole my outfit"
"Ew, you look so gay"
"I'm dressed exactly like you so I hate to break it to you but... you look gay too"
"Uh no.... theres a difference about our outfits"
"What?"
"One person is awesome and the others a loser" he joked.
"Haha very funny can we go?"
"Alright, luckily I, wearig two shirts so we're cool"
"I know you wanna get naked and stuff but school is actually important"
"I kmow you want me it alright, no need to use going to school as an excuse" he said taking off his first shit and then we left my house and went into his car to go to school.
This is why he's my best friend. He's fun and awesome and isn't boring. And there are just so many reasons why he's my best friend.
He's just plaim old Vic Fuentes.
A^NShort but this is my first Kellic and wanted to try it out and see what the people thimk about this. I'll probly keep doing this even if i don't get feedback. But still tell me what you think.
Byee