
Jax stared at the monster- like gauges in awe. Her sister, Emmy, hugged Jax's leg tightly.
Jax had thought when they bought this stupid old house that they'd be able to start over there lives. Though, as soon as the two sisters discovered the mysterious scratches, Jax sensed a big load of new trouble plop into there laps.
" How could this be?" Jax whispered Emmy trembled, her voice shaky " I dunno, Jax, when are mommy and daddy gonna get home?" Jax's chests tightened. "Its just us remember? Dad gone". Emmy, before Jax could stop her, turned and her eyes widened " Jax! Look There's Bella!" She shouted and ran deeper into the cold, dank, darkness of the basement.
"WAIT!EMMY! I KNOW WE CAME DOWN HERE TO LOOK FOR YOUR DOLL BUT WE HAVE TO STAY TOGETHER!" Jax called. No one answered. Jax her heart pounding took a small timid step. Everywhere around the ceiling, some overflowing with junk. More stuff littered the floor, though the basement looked small on the outside it seemed as if it stretched for eternity. It was almost pitch black and Jax felt worry for her sister to rise "EMMY? NOT A VERY GOOD TIME TO BE PLAYING HIDE AND SEEK DONT YA THINK?". Nothing.Jax took another step and another, and as she was about to press on a thought occurred to her. Whoever made those scratches wanted out, obviously those scratches weren't made by a human so... what? A small scared voice rose from the din " Jax...." It sounded like it was coming from the right. " Hold on Emmy! I'm coming!" Jax shouted. She scrambled over a pile of dusty clothes, and in the process accidentally knocked over a stack of empty CD cases. Jax lost her balance and started to fall, but a pair of small hands steadied her. Jax jumped, and had to stifle a scream. Her little sister stood before her, her face almost as pale as the creepy porcelain doll that Emmy like to call Bella. Jax pulled Emmy into an embrace " I thought I'd never find you". Jax gasped in relief, but Emmy didn't respond instead she pointed over Jax's shoulder. All of a sudden, the stale air of the basement grew chill.