
Chapter One: Wolf Boy
"Teenagers. They think they know everything. You give them and inch and they swim all over you." Came Sebastian's voice from the TV. I was watching my favorite Disney movie, The Little Mermaid.
I paused the movie and ran into my kitchen to get water. As I was pouring water into my glass, there was a thud on the porch out back. Narrowing my eyes I started for the door empty handed.
I heard another thud, then a fast rapping on the glass door. Thinking twice I grabbed the biggest knife from our knife block I could find and tip-toed to the door. What I saw puzzled me to no end. A boy was laying on the porch, and from the looks of things he was pretty beat up.
Even weirder. There was a ring of wolves behind him. About 10-12.
"Oh shit!" I yelled. I slid open the door. I had to save that boy. There was a pack of hungry wolves behind him, probably about to tear him apart.
"Come on! Come inside!" I yelled. The boy looked up and I recoiled. He had bright yellow eyes, like the wolves behind him. I didn't have time to be alarmed. The wolves walked closer.
"Come inside they're coming!"
"They won't hurt me." The boy coughed. His voice sounded scratchy, like he didn't talk much. Or hadn't talked in a long time.
"What the hell do you mean? They're looking at you like you're a dead man walking. Those dogs are probably hungry!"
"First of all, they're curious. Not hungry. Secondly, those are wolves. Not dogs." He snapped.
"Wow okay man calm down." I looked nervously over his shoulder. They were at the porch now, staring at me with their glowing yellow eyes.
"I'm completely calm. You're the one who's freaking out." He said. His voice sounded a lot stronger now, and it was a deep baritone that made chills run up my spine. It was a beautiful voice.
"How are you so calm with those wolves behind you?" I hissed.
"Because they're my pack." He snapped. "They won't hurt me."
"Your pack." I said flatly. "Now you're crazy. Where the hell are you from? You're not from Crimson Falls."
"Yes I am. I'm from the fricken woods. Now are you going to let me and my pack in?" Wolf boy asked. "I kind of have a sprained ankle. Also, there's some truly hungry enemy wolves chasing us. We're not a big pack, but we're strong. Unfortunately though, the pack chasing us is much bigger than ours, we'll be overrun."
"I can't believe I'm doing this." I muttered. I opened the door wider and bent down to help the boy up. He leaned on me for support and I helped him inside. "How did you even get in here?"
"Your gate was unlatched." Wolf boy said, with an annoying air of superiority. I glared at his matter of fact tone and dumped him on the couch.
"Ow." He snapped flatly.
"Sorry. My bad." I said with false sympathy. I walked outside and closed the gate. It was kind of freaky-deaky walking through the wolf pack, but I got over it after one nuzzled my hand as I walked by.
"Aww." I said, scratching it's ear. As I walked back towards my house, I stopped in front of the wolves and faced them.
"Well?" I asked the wolves. They cocked their heads and I rolled my eyes and walked inside, leaving the glass door open. There was a bark from my living room, and then the wolves filed in one by one. I watched the silver, brown, and black river of fur enter my house.
"This is so weird." I muttered. I grabbed some Advil and water and returned to the living room.