
((A/N: I'm writing this story on a phone so sorry if it's messy and read over the errors. Enjoy the story. And can someone make me a cover for the story with just Dean Ambrose in it.))The one thing that could make Dean Ambrose smirk, that's pretty ladies. All the way from the other side of the room, he could see her beauty, from her brown locks, to her petite hips that were swaying side to side. She had been in the bar with the Bella's, Paige and AJ for 3 hours. He was shocked she was still standing in those Black and Red 5 inch Louis Vuitton heels. Looked over to his buddy roman reigns and stood up. "Protect yourself." the black hair Samoan told him. He pulled out a condom but where only him and roman could see it. "Who do you think I am" they chuckled.Dean walked over and tapped her on the shoulder and she turned around as her brown curls swayed along with her as she smirked and so did Dean. -----As they were walking back to the hotel she started talking about her Lois Vuitton "I like these because they have mine and Seth's favorite color. Black and Red." She said slurring her words. When they got to his hotel room he was fumbling through his keys trying to hurry up before her buzz goes away cause she would end up passed out. Finally, he got into the room and they end up on the bed and she kisses down his body and kisses his buckle. He pulls her up to his face. "Quit the foreplay." he said as his breath hit her face she smirked. "Straight forward type of guy. I like it." ----The next morning Dean woke up and she wasn't there he sat up and sighed. For once he hoped the girl from last night would stay. He met up with roman and his blonde friend. "Hey guys." He ran up to them. "Hey Dean." They said in unison. "You ok dude?" Renee asked. Dean looked at her "I'm fine." He lied. "You mad cause she snuck out before you did?" Roman asked him. Dean just shot him a glare. ---Dean sat down next to a petite girl who looked exactly like Rowan. "Oh it's you, what do you want?" He looked over and recognized it was Rowan and then he smiled. "What I can't sit down and chill out?" He asked smirking. She glared at him. Man if looks could kill we'd have a causality on our hands. "No now why are you here?" She wouldn't stop staring at him. "You seem like you find me attractive Rowan." She fake gags. "Me in love with you. Oh hell no you trying to make me puke my guts out." He chuckles and gets up and looks at her. "Good luck tonight 'champ' you'll need it." He walked away leaving Rowan in her thoughts. Wait am I in love with him? No I can't be. Seth would so disapprove. -----Rowan was walking around and found Dean warming up. Just the person she wanted to see. She skipped up to him and tapped his shoulder. "Can I talk to you Dean?" Dean turned around to see her in her ring gear. "That's wear my combat boots went. You thief." She chuckled. "Look, even if I did like you we couldn't date cause Seth and The Authority would make sure you won't live to see another day." That made Dean stop punching the air and turn around to face her. "You care about them hurting me cause? I mean you sent them to attack me before. And you called the shots when it came to attacking me." She looked down but he snaked his finger under her chin and lifted it up. "I gotta go kick Seth's two toned ass. We can finish talking afterwards." He walked up the stairs and pushed through the curtain and went to his match and he stood there and smiled. A/N:Don't worry the chapters will get longer. And I'll update twice a day.