
June 3rd, 2006.
He sneaks into Keisha's bedroom while she's halfway asleep. It's 10:00 P.M. Keisha's mom is high, passed out on her bed. He is only wearing a t-shirt and boxers. Keisha feels the bed dip down. She abruptly opens her eyes and sits up. The man pushes her back down a begins to touch her on her privates. His hands are on her mouth. Keisha is screaming, but it only sounds like muffles through the man's hands, the man who is only suppose to touch her ma. But, he isn't. The grown man is touching her ten year old daughter. He rips off her panties and begins to rub on her. Tears are coming down Keisha's face like a waterfall, and splashing on the mattress. Snot, is coming out of her nose, onto his palm.
"You're nothing but a little whore like your mom. Men are going to always use you, and you're going to let them, because you're a whore." He growled into her ear.
He continues to do this until he get tired of doing so.
Keisha's body is numb; enabling her to get up and run to her ma, and tell her and just to be safe. But she can't. Even if she could, it wouldn't help. Her mom is passed out on her bed.
The next morning when Keisha had woke up, with only her princes gown on. Dry tears and snot was on her face. She slowly limped to her ma's room. Her ma wasn't in there, the man was. He was asleep on the bed, snoring like a bear. She limped to the kitchen, where her ma was sitting on the kitchen seat, smoking a cigarette and reading the newspaper.
Keisha limped to her and dropped down.
"Momma." Keisha tried to say, but it came out as a whisper. Her ma dropped the cigarette and got down to her only daughter.
"What happened baby!?"
"He...he hurt me momma."
Keisha's ma scrunched up her face.
"He what?"
"He t-touched me momma. He touched me last night while I was 'trynna sleep momma. We need to get away from him. He...hurt me."
"No..." Her ma whispered to herself. She didn't wanna believe it. "You're lying, what did I tell you about lying Keisha?" Keisha just cried, not knowing what to do. Her ma grabbed her hand and got her up and took her to her room, where the man was still sleep, snoring like a bear. She grabbed a belt from the floor; the man' s belt. She whooped Keisha like Keisha stole from the jar. The jar where the man kept his money. Keisha screamed and cried. The man didn't even wakeup.
After the whooping, Keisha was sent to her room.
She cried herself to sleep. Hiccuping and coughing.
Momma's man...this muthafucka is the reason why Keisha turned out to be who she became.