
kacie's pov
"C'MON KACIE WE ARE LEAVING!!!" My 22 year old brother Derek is coming to Omaha with us. He goes to college there, so that's one of the reasons we are moving there. Also my dads job, "IM COMING!!!" I yell down the stairs. I grab my travel bag and take one last look around my room. Remembering all the memories that were made here. I sigh and run down the stairs, all around me is empty. It doesn't feel like the cozy, and comfortable that I have known all my life. My parents are already in Omaha to take care of my Horse Whirlwind, because he needed to be driven. I close the door behind me and run out to the car. I plug my head phones in and listen to photograph by Ed Sheeran.
Loving can hurt, loving can hurt sometimesbut its the only thing that i knowwhen it gets hard, you know it can get hard sometimes it is the only thing that makes us feel alive
we keep this love in a photograph we made these memories for our selves when our eyes are never closing hearts are never broken and time's forever frozen
so you can keep me inside the pocket of your ripped jeansholding me closer 'til our eyes meetyou wont ever be alone, wait for me to come home
loving can heal, loving can mend your souland it's the only thing that i know, know
i swear it will get easier remember that with every piece of you and it's the only thing we take with us when we die
(pretend thats the end)
i listened to some other songs and soon we arrived at the airport. We got on our flight and made out way to Omaha.i turned on good for you by Selena Gomez ft. A$AP ROCKY. i fell asleep
"hey butthead wake up!" i felt my brother shaking my shoulders. i playfully smacked his arm. "i cant believe i moved for my senior year!!" i grumbled, getting my travel bag and walking off the plane. Our parents came and picked us up, i plugged my headphones into my iPhone 6 and put on Bring it back Shawn Mendes, gotta love that kid, he is my Bae❤️. finally we arrived at this HUGEEEE house, i took put my headphones and gasped. "mom are we staying at a friends house for the night?" i asked, there is no way this is our house. "nope welcome home sweetie!!" she squealed, i guess there could be way then. "go ahead you get first pick!" she said and i jump out of the car window and run into the house.(literally) i pick a huge purple room,that has a a little room shut off by curtains that could hold a bed inside , and stairs beside it leading up to a Desk/hangout/netflix area. I squeal, and start unpacking by the time I am done, it looks perfect! sadly i do start school tomorrow so yep. i throw on pajamas and close the curtains to my little bedroom area. i set my alarm clock and turn on Shawn Mendes which i fall asleep to at night.
hoped you liked it, its a new story cuz i deleted my other ones!!-natt😇