
Scott's POV
i was walking to my locker when Stiles my best friend ran up to me
'' Scott did you hear there are new students starting today'' he said looking around for them
'' no, how do you even know that?'' i asked raising an eyebrow at him while opening my locker
'' dude its all over school h-'' he stopped mid sentence looking at something
'' hey you alri-'' i stop when i see three people walking down the hall. a short girl with silver hair, a tall guy with blond hair and one with black hair.
'' dude the girl is hot'' i hear Stiles whisper. now that they're closer i can see that the blond one has blue eyes and a smile on his lips that i don't trust, the one with black hair has brown eyes and his face holds no emotion. the girl has a body any girl wishes for, she has curves is all the right places and has no kidding huge boobs, but what caught my attention was her eyes, one was blue and the other was purple.
''hey how old do you think they are?'' stiles hits my shoulder to get me to look at him
'' don't know really'' i answer with out taking my eyes of the girl
'' HEY TAKE A PICTURE IT WILL LAST LONGER'' i hear the girl shout looking at me. i look around acting like i wasn't looking at her, i glance at her and see her smirking and as she turns around she winks at me and walks with the other two.
'' holy shit she was talking to you, she even winked'' stiles says looking like a kid on they're birthday
'' since when where dogs aloud inside the school?'' i ask noticing the black dog next to the girl
'' since never why think you might wolf out and not get killed'' he answers, very help full
'' do you not see the dog next to her?'' '' maybe its a werewolf thing Scott'' the bell rings telling us to get to class. but all i can think about is 'who are they?''.
-----------------------------
sorry i dont know how to wright in anyone's POV if they are not my character so from here on out its mostly Lilith, Lucifer or Dean, sometimes i might do it in Scott's or Stiles POV but short ones
hope you enjoy
love
avademon
