
There! She sensed a guardian's signal for assistance. Lethe put a rock in the opening of the alcove and placed her ring on the rock, letting magic flow out of the ring and into the rock, turning the rock into a lock- hey, it rhymes!
Lethe shook her head. She has done this several times and yet she was still amused. Idiot, she insulted herself in her head, before swimming away quickly.
She swam away towards the source of the signal. She sensed the area and felt a quick and repetitive vibration, as if someone was struggling; she hurried her way. When she reached it, she found Argos fighting with a mermaid, who was holding onto a frog that was drowning - and if you were wondering, yes, frogs can drown; they breathe air through their lungs and outgrew their gills as a tadpole.
Lethe didn't hesitate; she drew her scimitar from its sheath and sliced at the mermaid. The mermaid let out a strong ripple of vibration as violet blood flowed out of the cut on her back. Argos hit her head and knocked her out unconscious. The frog quickly wriggled out of the girl's hand and swam up to the surface.
The mermaid just floated there, bobbing up and down thanks to buoyancy. Argos signaled to Lethe, Do your thing.
Lethe placed her hand on the mermaid's head and started concentrating. She knew exactly what to do now, especially when this was the reason she's here in the first place. She felt the magic inside of her slipping into the mermaid's head. And then she saw everything.
All of her memories, all of them. Lethe was now in the mind of the mermaid and could see each and every moment of the girl's life laid down in front of Lethe, images and words floating by. She couldn't know the reason and meaning of each one, but somehow these memories were important to the mermaid for one reason or another. The older memories coming from childhood were blanketed in mist, and memories that were stored but not used lately were covered by a layer of dust.
Lethe started doing her job. She looked through the memories to check which one was the latest. This was the hardest part of the job, since each individual's mind was unique, thus each mind had its own special way of storing memories. In this mind, the memories were floating, as if it were fish in a river. The older memories were just stacked on the side, so Lethe ignored those. Lethe checked each memory that floated, the little bits and pieces of the mermaid's past. A fleeting smile, a toddler crawling on the river floor, a faint ripple of giggles.
Lethe paid no attention to those memories. She did not care for any of them.
She kept searching, until she found this one memory that looked like it was being woven from the imaginary river. She kept her eyes on the image as it was coming together, and watched the moving figures on it.
She saw the mermaid swimming along the river surface, carrying a bag filled with pearls- she must've been a delivery mermaid that worked with the estuary and sea merfolk. She was floating along slowly when something hit her head- the frog. The mermaid let out a ripple of shrieking, and dropped the bag. The pearls fell out of the bag, sinking and disappearing into the river floor. The mermaid gasped, and then glared at frog. She started grabbing and digging her fingers into the frog, when the guard had arrived.
Now that she had the memory, she moved onto the next step. Lethe placed her hand on the image that detailed the events. She concentrated her magic on the memory, as if eclipsing it with her own mind. She concentrated on the parts that happened as the frog appeared and onwards. Then she erased it.
The threads of the memory started becoming unwoven. As the memory became loose, Lethe pulled on the threads with her right hand and used her scimitar to cut them. Each individual thread floated away and disintegrated into dust, that floated away on the invisible river. Everything that happened recently, right after starting her delivery, was now gone. Lethe let go of the memory, which went back on its initial path in the mermaid's mind, wherever it was going. Lethe's job was done.