
"Well, this was surely productive then," Alodia said.
"If only the man I was talking to earlier had remembered how our guy looked like. Anyway, we might find something, and new people come in the labyrinth every now and then. Look." Theo gestured to the glowing runes, where a person would randomly appear every now and then. "We might find a person who'd know anything about the thief, assuming that they don't take as long to recover as you two first timers did. Let's try again."
They started going to the people who had just arrived. Lethe noticed that only of the clusters was glowing, and she headed over there and waited for the person to appear.
The guy practically jumped through the portal, landing right in front of Lethe. His clothes were all black and clung to his lean body, while a dirty brown messenger bag was slung over his shoulder. His tanned hand went up to his head, clutching it tightly probably because of the pain. He moved his dirty blonde hair out of the way, and he looked at her. Then his sky blue eyes went wide.
And Lethe realized why. She had forgotten his face, but she'd still be able to recognize him if he had shown up, which he did.
"You!"
Lethe pointed at him, and howled out loud, "You stole the talisman!"
He didn't waste any time. He did the smart thing and started running, pushing Lethe aside. After regaining her balance, she quickly chased after him. He ran across the spacious chamber, unfortunately getting a head start from earlier. But Lethe wouldn't let him get away this time; she wouldn't fail her job again this time.
He ran over and touched the runes on a wall, hastily muttering the incantation.
"Oh no, you won't!" Lethe kept running, feeling herself get out of breath but ignored the pain in her chest. She just ran until she got to him, which was about a few steps away...
But too late; he finished the incantation. The portal shone brightly and he slipped into the light.
Lethe didn't want to give up on him now. She ran through the portal.