
I handed Hazel the water and she put it on the side of the bag. She put out the fire and we walked around in the room for awhile until Hazel foung the lightswitch. Her eyes widened as she looked around the room."This is Pipers room." she mummbled"Then I assume you know this place?""Yes, but was bombed and the remains were burned ashes. My friend built this ship....""Ship?""Yeah. He called it the Argo II." She looked around once more and decied to head into the hallway. I don't really trust her. She enters a room down the corridor and stares at it in awe. She quickly goes into the closet, and finds a bag full of useful items and photos, closes the bag and puts it over her sholders. "Um... Just asking, are the windows supposed to be shut like that? ""No. Lets head to the deck to see our surroundings." Hazel said and we walked out of the room and onto the deck. Outside of the deck we seem to be sailing across hell. Which was ture."We're sailing hell." I said to Hazel. To be honest, I really do miss dad and mom."Yeah. Hell." Hazel said calmly. Last time i went to hell i had to swim in lava. I never thought I would say that..... "Er... Carter? do you have a phone?""Sorry nope. It was in my suitcase.""good." Im not sure. ?We head to the front of thw deck to see that we where heading for a castle. I was lost in though untill something almost got fire all over my face, I looked over to find I was beside a head of a bronze metal dragon.Hazel pet the dragon and said that i was no threath. It creeked snd we kept saing forward towards the castle. We arrived at the castle to find flowers and friuts were everywhere. I was just about to open and eat a pomagranet when Hazel stoped me and hit the pomagranet towards the ground. "Don't eat that.""Why? It's Perfectly ready to eat!""Yes. It does look very tasty but if you eat it, you won't be able to come back with me to the over world. ""Never mind then...."Hazel pulled open the castle doors, the gems everywhere caught my eyes. Suddenly a gem poped up from no where. I bend over to pick it up, but Hazel kicked it away."Why'd you do that?"Hazel sighed and said "don't touch the gems that pop up from the floor, there cursed." How did se know this stuff?The heat in this place was getting hotter. Hazel and I wandered the hallways of the castle, looking at pictures and inside rooms. We passed by one of a girl and a boy. On looks to be younger Haz and the other Anibus."You know Anibus?" "Who's Anibus?" I pointed to the 14 year old boy"that my older brother Nico.""Well, he does look kinda like Anibus."Hazel looked away, "were not getting anywhere wandering in fathers castle. We should check the feilds or something. Maybe even Elysium."I nod,-wait! did she say 'Fathers castle?' Who can Her Dad own a Castle in the underworld? "Can we go back on the Argo?" "Yeah.....I guess we should. I don't really wanna see my stepmother. Lets go" and we dashed back the way we came from.
As we reached the doors of the castle, we come outside to see that our ride is gone. "What are we gunna do? The argo's gone. Maybe we could travel by the duat?""Um... whats a Duat?""Nevermind." How could she not know?"Carter, do you like horse riding?""Umm.....Yes?"Hazel nodded, then whisled. Suddenly a quick gust of wind was blown and a horse appered infront of us. "Hold on tight, Arion could go very fast sometimes. We don't want you falling in lava." Hazel hoped onto her horse and held out a hand for me. I held onto Hazel while we rode. Trust me you don't wana ride Arion, My breakfast almost came out, ugh ... Hazel wasnt kidding about Arion running fast. I think i puked on a monster.... opps. Thank goodness he stoped after, my legs were shaky and I almost fell over but Hazel caught me. "thanks... Why'd we stop?"Hazel went wide eyed and pointed up. "Hydra"It almost steped on Arion but did'nt because of his speed. "Carter, get back on Arion, you are in no condition of fighting""Im okay!" i said weakly and did one of the stupidest things i've ever done. I walked up to the hydra an sliced one of its heads off, regenerating two heads, it slamed me into the horse, causing it to run off, leaving us with no escape plan."We have to make a run for Elysium, Carter. It's only afew yards away.""Elysium?""yeah." She grabed my hand and we ran from the hydra. It was slow, but trying not to get bitten slowed us down as well. We ran from the outskerts of hell to the feild of punishment, Hazel told me.I felt weak as we ran from weeping, angry or killer ghost.Dodging most attacks. The one i did'nt miss was a kick in the stomack. There goes my breakfast.... We stoped by a dead looking tree with firey leaves, to take a rest. When I was weasing, panting, taking long huge breaths, Hazel stood at my side breathing like it was a nice jog. "How-*Breathes*Do you*breathes* Do *That? *Weases*""I've done this for about 2 years from running from most monsters. I would have fought it but you where injured and i woulden't want you dieing her. Plus you probably have a family in the over world.""Yeah... Kinda. I only visit my dad 2 times. My mother is dead, but my sister and I see her in ghost form.""My brother Lives in NY and sometimes either me or him will come to my place or I'll come to his. I have'nt seen my father since last year, late july. My mother died in an earthquake, and so did I. My brother found me in the feilds of A and brought me back last year. He and my friends are my family.""My friends are to." After I said the the top of the tree broke and hydra heads look down at us. We ran untill we arrived at the staircase built of quartz and gold. We ran up the stairs, but about a quarter away from the bottem, something grabed my leg and pulled me down the stairs. It felt rough and draged me down, with clumsy me, I faceplanted into the stairs. "Help!"Hazel took out her bronze sword, chopped te hydra head, took my arm and pulled me away from the hydra. We started running faster and Faster up the stairs to Elysium, getting out of the range of the hydra. Once we got to the diamond encrested gates, Hazel pushed me in, locking herself out with the hydra. "HAZEL! HAZEL GET IT! IT'S GUNNA KILL YOU! " I yelled, she woulden't listen, she was almost as stubborn as Sadie....."HAZEL! WATCH OUT!" Too late. she was knoked of the egde of the stairs. "HAZEL!"I was about to break into a Sob when she appered at the edge of the stairs, beneath her was a colorful tower of gems and metals. At her side were also floating metals and gems. The hydra roared at her and tryed bitting her, but everytime it did that a brick wall appered and the hydra would always hit its head on the wall. "Carter! Find a torch! Hurry!" Hazel yelled. I raced into the the town to find te paridise filled with Ghosts."Excuse me, do you know where i can find a torch?" I ask a 19 year old looking ghost."Sure. Over there, in the house inside a chest are unlit torches. In the middel of the town there is a bonfire to light it up.""Thank you-um?""Silena. Carter, my name is Silena.""Thank you Silena!" I waved to the ghost thanks and went to light the torch. As I run back with the torch, I see Hazel get cut and fall off the staircase again. I undid the lock to the gate and burned the neck into a black stump. Hazel came back panting almost as hard as i when we ran, sleepy, badly cut and bloody. She got her sword in hand and cut 3 more heads off followed by a torched stump. Soon there was only one head left. Staring directly at me in the eyes looking at my soul. I felt a jolt of fear run down my spine and the dark, damp, coldness of hell that was covered up with lava and fire.Along with fear, guilt, sadness, panic, pain and misery took over my body. I clutched my stomach and fell to my knees crying. I'm not sure why I did this.