
It wasn't her fault.
Lethe knew that she was the guardian of the river, the main guardian anyway. She'd been protecting it ever since she was eight -wow, that's six years now- and she was doing her job.
But being forced to do something stupid wasn't her fault. After all, it wasn't her fault she had an incompetent boss.
"Posei," Lethe urged the big merman, pulling on his arm, "Certainly we can't just do that. We need some, er, independence and, uh, freedom to work here."
"No, no!" Posei swished his big tail around back and forth. "Independence indeshmedence! I know you need your autonomy of sorts while doing your job, but my rules are simple! You can certainly protect the Lugan River while doing my request."
"Sire, your request is a little... hard to do for us, especially if we swim all day and all night." Lethe rubbed her sapphire ring with her fingers anxiously. "Don't you think we could come to a compromise?"
"No! I am your leader and you will do as I say!"
"Sire, you're asking us to tie fish to our tails and bring the fish around."
"Yes! Don't you think the fish could be useful? What if you need a quick getaway? Then you could untie the fish, and the chasers will get distracted! See, it's brilliant!"
Lethe sighed. It was difficult to talk to Posei when he acted like this. He had a creative mind, but couldn't let go of a bad idea when he needed to.
Posei raised his head and Lethe bowed hers in response. He then raised his hand and swam away, while Lethe watched him moving into the dark recesses of the river. She started swimming away slowly, thinking about how to tell the guardians of the other tributaries about the latest rule. Hopefully, they could not do it and Posei would soon forget about this. Otherwise, they wouldn't be able to do their duties well, with a school of fish tied to their tails and all.
Or she could try getting close to Posei, and make him forget, but he would know before she could do anything. He knew her powers.
Lethe swam slowly, watching the fish pass by. There were so many fish, a lot of varieties mixed together with all the rest. Lethe was wondering which fish she should use to tie to her tail.
She hated being a mermaid sometimes.
She went back to her usual station, near an alcove at the bottom of the river. She quickly signaled to Argos, the current guard, using her scimitar. He signed back, then swam away, letting Lethe take her station. As a safety precaution, she looked inside the alcove and checked if the treasure was still there.
And it was. The Talisman of Dreams sat in the corner, barely seen in the dark light. Lethe saw an outline of dark brown, ratty cloth, with a small scale, the same color as Lethe's tail, which was attached at the end. The scale was glimmering in the shadow, as if it was giving its own light. Lethe honestly would've thought that the plain necklace was completely ordinary, if it weren't for the way the scale seemed to glow.
It was time to stop staring at this piece of jewelry. Lethe turned around and checked her surroundings.
The thing is, it was hard to look or see anything in the murky waters. Not to mention, fish and merfolk have terrible eyesight. Instead of using their eyes -which were more used for description of nearby objects- they sensed the surroundings, which gives off a more accurate description of what's around them.
And that was what Lethe did. She closed her eyes, and started feeling the vibrations in the water. She ignored the rhythm of the waves, and focused on the dissonance made by little movements, like swimming creatures and mermaids signaling to each other. She checked for anything that might be suspicious, like...