
"I'm a mermaid."
That was simple enough to say, but the two were shocked. Alodia's eyes were as big as the noonday sun, and even Theo seemed genuinely surprised at the first secret Lethe decided to tell. "Well," he said, "I knew that there was something suspicious about the fact you were allowed in the river area, but I didn't expect you to be of another species."
"Wait," Alodia looked at Lethe, shock fading into confusion, "If you're a mermaid, then, why are you a human right now?"
Lethe raised her brown hands up, and looked at them. "The thief did this to me. When he came to steal the talisman, I was guarding the cave that the treasure was hidden in. I tried to fight him, but then he blasted me with magic. I was knocked out unconscious, and when I woke up, my tail was split in half and my scales came off."
"Ah," Theo remarked as he nodded his head. "Then why were you guarding that talisman?"
"I've been raised by birth – well, technically ever since I was eight – to guard the talisman. I had powers that were rare, and they said that I could help out to become a guardian of the river, even if my powers were kind of useless most of the time."
"What are your powers?" Alodia asked excitedly.
"I can make people forget memories. You had a demonstration of it earlier, with the man that was going to attack us. I- I usually have better control over them, but what I did earlier was pure instinct, with no thought whatsoever."
"You just raise your hand up and they will forget stuff automatically?"
"Well, technically yes, but not exactly. I don't have much control over them if they happen that far and wide. They're kind of technical, so it's better if I do it up close so that I can choose which memories to erase."
"Wow." Alodia leaned back on the marble pillar debris. "Those are some cool powers."
"I guess. They're kind of useless in most situations though."
"They're still cool. It's awesome but impractical then."
Lethe looked over at Theo, who was too busy thinking to himself to listen to their discussion. He looked up at Lethe, then asked, "Why do you guard the talisman?"
"Huh? Well, I guess I guard it because they tell me to."
"No, I mean, why does the talisman need guarding? Does it do anything special? Is it important?"
"Well," Lethe stalled for some time, as this was a good question honestly. "Truthfully, I'm not really sure. They told me it was important to them, so I guarded it. But I don't even know what the talisman does, truth be told."
"So you guard some mysterious artifact without an inkling of the reason why you're guarding it. Sounds perfectly reasonable to me."
"Hey! I ca trust them if they tell me to guard it. It's not like they're rotten fish anyway."
"You keep mentioning them. Who are these people?"
"Oh, the elder merfolk, the leaders of our tributary. The true leader of the guards is a merman named Posei, though. He was the one who sent me to go search for the thief."
"And you trust them because...?" Theo seemed to be teasing Lethe now.
"They're merfolk. They helped me as I grew up. Why shouldn't I trust them?"
"Because nothing is the exact truth when you see or hear it for the first time, chica. What's your name again?"
"Lethe."