
"I'm gonna be late!" I mumbled rushing out the door into the cool Washington air. It was a Saturday, which meant no school! My friends, Liz and Alice, had made plans to spend the afternoon at the Flea Market since they were suppose to be getting new inventory today. We usually never bought anything, but it was still fun to go look around.
I arrived at the park out of breath, but on time; in fact, I was early. I sat down to wait on a bench, where I was supposed to meet up with my two friends. I shivered a bit pulling my coat tighter around me as the wind blew. Despite it being so cold, they park was as lively as ever. The park doubled as a dog park, so it's always full of various sized dogs and their owners.
The wind blew a bit faster, causing the trees and bushes to rustle. I loved this weather, believe it or not, but something seemed off. I had a weird feeling someone was watching me, and it didn't help that after the wind had died down the bushes beside me continued to rustle.
Probably just a bird, calm down. I didn't feel like taking chances so I stood up and walked away.
"Blair!" I heard from down the pathway. Alice and Liz were both walking towards me. I glanced over my shoulder one last time before the going on to greet them.
"How are you?" Alice asked.
"Cold, but I'll survive." I responded
"Good, besides you'll warm up as we walk. Now, let's go!" She grabbed my arm and pulled me along with Liz walking beside us.
"What new stuff do you think they will have today?" Liz asked
"I'm sure we'll find out when we get there." I hummed as we rounded the corner to the outdoor market. The place was already crowded with people, all who I mostly knew or had met before. As we walked around people kept saying hello and being friendly. We noticed a few people who weren't locals, but one was a boy my age who stood out more than most. I mean how could he not stand out when his hair was black and his bangs were white--well, I assumed those were his bangs. He had on some peculiar clothing and appeared to be looking for something.
"On a scale of one to ten, how would you rate him?" Alice asked referring to the standout boy.
"Five, Maybe six. He seems a bit strange, but he doesn't have a bad face." Liz answered after "careful" observations.
"What about you Blair?" Alice asked, but I wasn't paying attention.
"Blair is everything alright?" Liz asked concerned.
"I give him a 8," I responded, "he has a unique look and as actually quite cute. I think the look works for him." Both stared at me. Each was alread dating someone and they always played this rating game when they saw a cute boy because they were trying to find someone for me.
"She actually gave a guy a rating higher than a 5," Liz whispered to Alice," I think she might be sick."
"I think you might be right," Liz agreed in a fit of giggles. Unfortunately I wasn't paying attention. I felt like I had seen that boy somewhere, but I couldn't quite remember where or when.
"Maybe you should go ask his name?" Liz said jokingly, but I walked forward. It wasn't because she suggested it, but I would bug me if I didn't remember. I moved through the crowd getting closer the standout boy.
"Excuse me," I said tapping his shoulder. He turned on me instantly panic in his eyes.
"Who are you?" He asked
" My name's Blair, who are you?"
"I'm Zak." He answered turning to leave but I stopped him.