
"What's your name?" I asked the youngest of the three.
"Why should I tell you?" he stated staring me down.
"Well, we are probably going to meet again, I'd like to know who I'll be taking down."
"You're rather cocky."
"Well, that's new," I mumbled.
"My name is Francis," he said, "and Miss Blair Allison, we will most definitely be meeting again."
"Please feel free to keep me waiting," I told him before running back to the school. I ran through the front doors not bothering to see if Francis and his coworkers had left,  and collapsed against the wall feeling absolutely drained. I could feel my consciousness fading, and there was nothing I could do to stop it.
When I finally woke up I was in the hospital. A teacher had seen me in the hall as she left and called 911. That same teacher believed that other students had hurt me and believed that they were the reason I was unconscious, so she proceeded to tell my parents everything that had been happening to me at school. Everything I had successfully kept secret, gone, just like that! My parents decided that the best course of action was to move to Washington. That's clear across the country!
The bags were packed, old house sold and new one bought in less than a month. Seems impossible right? But not for my parents. We moved to a very suburb area of Washington where everything was within walking distance and the population was small. The town itself, Farburn, was completely surrounded by trees.
I didn't talk with my parents for a month after the move, but they were patient with me. They waited till I came to them, which eventually I did. Before they started to share what they knew they asked me to explain everything that had happened, cause they wanted to hear my side of the story. I told them everything from the day my friend moved to the day I was almost kidnapped. I; however, failed to mention that those men in green will try to find and abduct me again since I still didn't understand why they were after me.
My parents took the liberty of telling me my first bit of news after that, which wasn't all that shocking. They told me I was adopted. Anyone looking in at my family could easily see that I didn't belong. My skin was caramel colored and my hair was auburn brown. My parents were both quite white with blonde hair and blue eyes. My eyes were blue as well, but much darker than my parents. Unfortunately my parents couldn't explain to me why people would be after me, and they apologized for that, but they promised to do whatever they could to keep me safe.
I'm a sophomore in high school now. Farburn hasn't given me any problems, and all the people here are rather nice. I have friends here and we hang out all the time. My parents are happy that I'm happy, and there have been no attempted abductions in the past four years. Everything seemed perfect, but I still never let my guard down.
