
EURYDALE'S EXTRAVAGANZA is now selling EXOTIC PERFUMES from MERO!!! COME GET NOW WHILE STOCKS LAST!!!
CHEAP prices and CHEAP items with GOOD QUALITY, just here!!! Buy one get one!!!!
Lethe was surprised that they had several ways of rephrasing the same thing. It was amazing how the land market worked. Lethe just saw stores at random parts of the river, never jumbled up all together like this. They should really form a market of their own though, then they could buy everything in one go.
Alodia came back, with a mischievous smile on her pretty face, practically running to Lethe. "Hey, I got you a present!" She put out her hand, which had a small paper bag.
Lethe took the small paper bag and looked inside it. Then she gasped as she saw a beautiful silver ring that was small, and had tiny sapphires placed in it in a neat little row. "Aw, Alodia, this is too kind!"
"Nonsense! You lost your old ring, so I got you another one. Sorry I took so long – I just had to get the perfect one, you know – and this one has a pretty cool function too, some awesome magic weaved in while it was being forged. Apparently, it can attach to the aura of a person – just use the magic to do that – then it can sense the person, so that we could never lose each other ever again! What do you think?"
Lethe smiled, feeling warmer than ever. "Thank you! That's a really great kind of magic, maybe even better than my old one!" Lethe slipped the ring onto her left ring finger, and thought it felt just right.
Lethe couldn't help but muse, "I must say though, I really do wonder. I'm just a stranger – we're barely more than acquaintances – but you decided to help me without a single thought. Why's that? Don't you have anything to do?"
Alodia smiled, then directed her eyes away from Lethe before waving her hand in that careless fashion she always did. "Eh, don't worry. I didn't really have much to do, and you seemed interesting enough! Besides, I don't want to let down a person in need! Which reminds me; let's go to the friend who knows where you should go, okay?"
"Oh, okay." Lethe stood up and threw the paper bag in the trash can. Then Lethe followed after Alodia, who started walking rather speedily, darting in between the spaces between shops and people. They had gone through so many spaces that Lethe lost track of where they were going, until finally, Alodia stopped, and so did Lethe.
They stopped in front of a worn-out shop that sold nothing but weapons of various shapes and sizes, materials and makers. Beside the stall were three black dogs, presumably for guarding the shop against thieves. And only one person manned the shop, who was a dark man in his early twenties, who was reading the newspaper in a calm manner, not minding the two visitors at his shop.
"Lethe," Alodia said as she gestured at the man. "This is Theo."