
We threw machines that resembled what the people called Walkmans, at the newRunaways yelling at them to put them on and follow all directions. One after the other, they allreceived their training gear. It was similar to a run in which the Scarecrows had spotted us.People rushing about trying to gather as much of the material as needed. The all received theirmachines and we turned on the System.
"Welcome new recruits to your evaluation and initiation course. This system is designedto test your survival and critical thinking skills in Aeon City." I could hear the voice speak faintlythrough the nearest recruit. The System came to us when Gareth did. She had become loved byall the Runaways and she watched over us.
"Please adjust the volume and do not move." We watched, crowded in our little bunker,only dimly lit with light bulbs hanging from the tin roof. This is how they would get placed. Thistest determined the lives of these people.
"Welcome, to the resistance." As they were put through the drills of the System, most ofus traveled to the back of the bunker towards our cafeteria. The area near the back onlywidened slightly, but just enough to fit the majority of us. We got what little food we had fromscavenging the nearby gas stations and the deteriorating Costco a few blocks East. That is, ifwe could. Usually the Scarecrows would roam outside of their precious city looking forRunaways. If they found your group, they would have fun picking you off one by one. I sat at aconcrete bench that others dragged in from the 'park' outside. My comrades sat around me.One of them being Gareth.
These people that sat in front of me were considered the top dogs of our dinky littleoperations. Gareth was on top. Our grand leader that had brought us through these horrible fewmonths after the end of the fallout. He was the brains of our operation. The symbol of hope andsurvival for the Runaways. Then there was Johnny. He was considered as our weapons expert.The dude could shoot. There was Andrew who was our information expert and our scavengingcrew. Not only could he sneak things around the Scarecrows, but he could sneak into theirsystem and gain information useful to our cause. And then there was me. I don't know why I'mup here. I don't do anything special. I'm just Gareth's right hand man. I follow my leader and dowhat I'm told. I'm not terribly good in combat and I don't know how to sneak around. I grew up ina mediocre home with a mediocre life before the Fallout. There's absolutely no reason I shouldbe up here. I just am.
We talked of our newest plan to find out more of what the Scarecrows meant by 'This isthe end'. Their announcements are pretty straight forward. This newest one sounded off. Itsounded as though 'the end' didn't just mean the Runaways end. "Do you think they're planningon committing a world wide genocide?" Johnny burst out what we were all thinking, but didn'twant to say. It was silent for a moment, save the trainees drilling in the background. Garethturned to Johnny with a stoic look on his face.
"You need to speak quieter. Especially when were around the other Runaways. We'redrilling new recruits and you're over here talking about mass murder. There are kids. We'resupposed to be a beacon of hope. You know better Jonathan." Gareth stated in a hushed tone.That's one of the things everyone admired about Gareth. He would tell you the whole truth,bluntly. He was also one of the very few people that could get away with calling Johnny by hisfull name. The newer Runaways don't even dare think it.
"Yeah," Johnny sighed loudly, then smirked as though to conceal the guilt pouring fromhis face, "Sorry, Gareth." He then lowered his head, signaling that Gareth is Alpha. There was a gun shot in the distance. The room grew quiet. The trainees took off their headsets and looked to their elders. We stood up in a panic.
"It's alright everyone," Gareth stated in a shooting voice, "Probably just some hunters looking for--" There was another loud sound, but this time it was an explosion, and it was right outside our doors. Children started to cry, dogs whimpered, the older ones cowered in fear. The speakers let out a loud feedback noise before the alarms.
"All new recruits," the System's voice rang out from miscellaneous speakers placedthroughout our bunker.
"We have been surrounded by Scarecrows," The whole table stood up. Not a singlenoise came from anyone. The trainees had stopped their drills, looking towards the nearestspeaker.
"This is not a drill. I repeat this is not a drill." Panic.
"Runaway status is active to all new recruits starting immediately!" Chaos.
"System failure." This is how we begun.