
Lethe looked over to the others' plates, and she saw almost nothing on them. "I think we're good to go."
"Alright, then let's set out already."
Pan led them to the entrance, at the door of the house. He opened the door and said, "I wish you the best of luck."
They started going out. Alodia first, then Theo second, and Hyas went out third. Lethe was about to go out when Pan pulled her shoulder and whispered, "Make sure to keep your oldest friend safe in the Mountain."
Lethe was startled, but she nodded. "I will."
"Good." Then Pan waved goodbye, and slowly closed the door.
They started heading through the town. "We're going north this way, right?" Hyas asked the group.
"I believe so," Theo replied. "Just outside the northern entrance."
Then walked, avoiding the few satyrs that were out and about. After some time of walking, they found the northern gate and got out of it. They kept walking until they reached a sign, saying Lizards abound.
"I think it's this sign," Alodia pointed out to the group. They turned right and continued walking in silence, trying to look for the ride.
Hyas saw it first.
He gasped loudly and started backing away slowly.
Lethe turned around to ask him, "What's wrong?"
Hyas pointed up ahead. "Is... that... our ride?"
Everyone turned around to look at where Hyas was pointing.
In this case, it was a giant dragon.
"I believe so," Theo replied calmly.
Lethe stared at the magnificent creature. It had green scales that shimmered in the sunlight, turning darker as it got nearer to the tail. Spikes stuck out through the back, evenly spaced between each one. Its wings were neatly folded against its back. It appeared to be sleeping, but Lethe knew that no one should disturb a sleeping dragon.
And yet, here they were.
"Do any of you know how to communicate with animals?" Hyas asked the group.
Lethe shook her head. She had a small ability, thanks to her mermaid heritage, to commune with animals that lived in water, but she had turned into a human, which made her powers weaker than usual. Anyway, the dragon didn't live underwater, so what use could it do?
"Neither do I," Alodia said sadly. She turned to Theo. "How about you? Do you have any more secret powers that you're still hiding?"
"None that involve dragon-whispering."
"Then what do we do now?" Hyas kicked a rock in frustration. "There's no way we can go to the Ancient Mountain, if none of us can command a dragon."
"We could try going to the next town," Alodia suggested.
Theo cocked his head sideways. "There's a mountain range nearby and it blocks the path between this town and the rest. That's why most satyrs live here, and the citizens of Troy have stayed in Troy. Only satyrs can cross the mountain range safely, and it's a five-day trip for them. What more for weak human legs?"
Lethe sighed. She hated being helpless. If only there was an animal that could she could communicate with to convince the dragon...
"Wait!" Alodia started jumping up and down in excitement. "I've got an idea!"