
"Theo?"
"Yes, that's my name, chica," he said with a smirk on his face, folding the newspaper in half and setting it on the table. Theo stood up, and Lethe noticed that he was nearly twice her height. "I'm a bit famous with the less popular people, if you know what I mean. So, what can I get ya, Alodia?"
Alodia looked him in the eye, with a determined smile on her face. "My friend here needs to find a guy who stole something from her. I thought that you could help her."
"Huh, I think I can do that. So, chica, what's the guy like?"
"What?"
"Ya know, boy, girl, or neither? Color of skin, hair, and eyes? Tall or short? Carries a giant sword on his back? I need a description."
"Ah, yeah, about that," Lethe murmured as she scratched her head with her left hand, "I kind of don't remember how he looks like. He's a guy, though."
Theo narrowed his eyes, and Lethe felt scared as his stern glare settled on her. "Well then, this job is going to be a lot harder to do. You see, I meet a lot of men in my life, and without a single detail, each one of them could be your guy. You tell me you want to search a guy, with no idea how he looks like. Brilliant idea. I'm sure the philosophers would approve of your wise decision."
Lethe turned red in embarrassment. "Well, I'll know who he is by the item he stole from me. There's only one copy of that particular thing, and only he's got it."
"Yes, it's not like the item will be hidden in his bag and he could walk right past you and you'll never know he was the thief."
Lethe blushed even further. Admittedly, it was rather stupid of her to think she could find the guy without knowing his face.
Alodia cleared her throat. "Hey, Theo, since the item she's talking about seems to be pretty unique. Maybe you'd know if someone is selling it nearby or has wanted it for a long time?"
Theo put his hand on his chin, thoughtfully stroking his short beard. "Hmm, that could work. Tell me, chica. What did he steal from you?"
Lethe was unsure if she should tell him, but she didn't really have any other choice; if she didn't, then she'd have absolutely no lead. "He stole the Talisman of Dreams."
Theo' eyebrow was raised. "Well, well, well."
"You know of it?"
"Nope. But it has the word talisman, which obviously means it's important. Plus, it sounds like that's a real title of any magical artifact. I may or may not know any people who'd want it though."
"What does that mean?"
"It means that there might be a person I'd know, or I may not. I've never hear of this talisman after all. You'll have to come with me for that then."
"Where will we go?"
"To the labyrinth, of course."
Lethe didn't know what a labyrinth was, but she heard Alodia mutter something darkly under her breath. It seemed bad, judging from the grim look on Alodia's face.
"Do we really have to go there?" Alodia asked Theo, with a pleading look in her eyes that said, can we not go there?
"Sorry, darling, but there's no choice if you don't really have any other clue. We have to ask other people about this if you want to find the guy you're looking for."
"Fine," Alodia replied curtly.
Theo smirked, then turned around and started walking briskly. His sleeping dogs suddenly woke up and followed him. Alodia took Lethe's hand, and they started walking too.