
"Lethe! How could you let that human steal the Talisman of Dreams?"
"Sire, it wasn't my fault, he was too strong-"
"Don't give me excuses now. As a consequence of your failure, the whole river is in chaos, with each and every living thing going crazy after finding out that their most precious treasure has been stolen! Do you understand how severe the results of your actions were?"
"Sire, I do, but-"
"No buts! You must go find the thief, and bring back the Talisman immediately! If you bring it back in perfect condition, which you must understand is absolutely necessary for you to do, then you may be forgiven for your error. But as of now, you must find a way to retrieve, by yourself."
"But, Sire, how can I do that when I don't even know what to do? Look!" Lethe gestured at her newly changed tails. "I have no idea how to use these, nor do I have any idea where the thief may be."
"Bah, I don't care! You're a smart girl, you'll learn to be human, which you better be good at, since you wouldn't want to alarm the other races about this incident, would you?"
"But, Sire, I need help, please!" Lethe pleaded, putting her hands together, leaning forward, and hoping that Posei would give her a chance.
Posei glared at her. "Fine then. Wait here." He disappeared back into the water for some time. When he reappeared, he threw two familiar objects at Lethe: her sapphire ring and her scimitar. "I suppose these will aid you in your journey. You dropped them while fighting the thief, I suppose. That should be good enough for you." He quickly reentered the water, ignoring Lethe's protests.
Lethe sighed. She still didn't have a clue what to do. Even with the sapphire ring that helped her magic and her trusty scimitar, she still had no idea where to go or how to move herself. She was still stuck as ever, which sucked.
Just as she thought this, she heard a rustling sound from the bushes behind her. She grabbed her scimitar, and tried to lift herself. She failed and fell to the ground, but she heard more rustling at the bushes, so she yelled out loud, "Who's there? I have a weapon and I'm not afraid to use it!"
The bushes moved once more, and she saw a face pop out of the leaves. A girl soon emerged from the trees, with a bewildered look on her dainty features, a small rosy blush appearing on her pale cheeks. "Who are you," she asked, in a strangely low voice, "and why are you naked?"
"Huh?" Lethe looked down at herself, which had pearl armor, and replied, "Oh, I'm not naked really. I'm wearing armor, see?"
"No... but..." The girl stared at Lethe's lower body with a bamboozled look on her face.
"This, isn't normal?" Lethe asked in a confused tone.
The girl shook her head hastily, her auburn curls swishing around as she did.
Lethe realized that humans normally wore clothes, as she remembered from a faint memory in training lessons. It was strange, as clothes for merfolk were highly impractical accessories most of the time, the most usually being light armor. Now that she thought about it, was the thief wearing clothes? She couldn't quite remember.
But for now, she had to blend in with the humans, and that meant wearing clothes.