
"You tell me that you are not my enemy, and yet, you took the most precious artifact of our people. Do you believe me to believe you when all you've done is cause misfortune to me?"
"I only did one thing-"
"One thing? Oh sure, stealing the Talisman of Dreams, otherwise known the treasure of the Tallan Tributary,  is only a minor thing, right? Not to mention, taking away my scales and tail and replace them with this grubby flesh and totally unbalanced appendages that were not made for walking. I have experienced the pain of the portal at the labyrinth, nearly died by falling from a collapsing pillar, and watched my friend nearly get her soul sucked out by a psychopath! Probably more if I hadn't found you by now. It doesn't help that the other guardians at the Tallan Tributary think I'm a failure, and I am stuck here on land, not allowed to go back to my home, unless I complete the job of getting the talisman back from some petty thief! And you tell me you only did one thing?"
"Okay, okay," he raised his hands with a guilty expression on his face. "So I caused a lot of things that may have inconvenienced you. But I swear I needed the talisman. I didn't do them just because I wanted the talisman for no reason at all. I have a good reason for it."
"What's the reason, then?"
His face scrunched up. "I- I can't tell you."
"Oh wow," Lethe said with an extremely irritated voice and put her hands on her hips. "Okay, you stole something I was in charge of, and you tell me that you had a reason for that, and yet, you won't tell me the reason. That's totally cool with me, you know?"
"Hey! You're tired right now, but I can run right now. You can't even jump over to the next roof. I could leave you, with the talisman, right here and now."
"Then why haven't you?"
"Because I wanted to talk to you about this!" He looked so exasperated, so tired. "Obviously, your job was so important that you went through all the effort of coming here for the talisman, but the thing is, I need it. So here I am with only one thing I want to do right now to you: I want a compromise."
"What?"
"You heard me, didn't you? I want to make a compromise with you, like some kind of agreement. You need your talisman back, but I need to do what I need to do with it. So here's what we're going to do: you come with me, make sure that the talisman is kept safe and all, while I go do my thing with it. After I'm done, I'll give it back to you, I promise."
"But I thought you said that you couldn't tell me the reason why you needed the talisman?"
"Well," he paused for a moment as he scratched his head. "I'm not sure about that part, actually. I guess I'll tell you when I get there. Or maybe you'll trust me enough by then to let me do what I need to do. But for now, I just need to ask you this: do we have a deal? Because otherwise, I'm running."
Lethe didn't want to say yes. She really didn't want to say yes. Why did she have to make a deal with the person who owed her a talisman? And yet, if she said no, then she would be back to square one. Back to chasing him all over again. And did she really want to go back to that?"
"Fine," she muttered angrily. "But I'm going to keep an eye on you for the rest of our trip together."
The boy smiled, almost with a smirk. He gave Lethe her hand. "Then let's start going to where we need to go next, because I have a bit of things I need to do before we actually finish this."
Lethe groaned as she grabbed onto his hand. "How long is this going to take?"
"Just one or two detours, no worry. I think we won't have to go anywhere else after that."