
"So, the software we set you up with will issue all of your invoices that keeps everything organized so when tax time comes it's a snap." Castiel smiled, albeit a little awkwardly as he chuckled and arranged the papers on his grand, cherry wood desk. His fingers lingered for a moment over a scratch before dismissing it. The desk was old, handed down from Castiel's father, and he knew the marks well enough as the DW and CN he and Dean had marked in forever ago. "Saves time for me, and money for you."
"Uh, where... do I enter that information?" The woman Castiel was attempting to do business with didn't seem to be able to keep up with his fast paced string of words, and her husband looked worse for wear, giving a chuckle before getting his own bit in.
"Yes, Jess has volunteered to be my billing department." He shot his newlywed wife a charismatic smile that she easily returned, attempting to calm the bouncing child on her lap. Castiel dismissed the pang of envy he got at the cute little family, fingers stroking over the grooves in the wood again before he started off on another explanation.
"Well," He offered, leaning back in his chair and absentmindedly tugging two fingers above the knot in his dark blue tie. It was old, but one of his favorites. He couldn't quite remember where he had gotten it. "I can walk you through it, if you want."
And that was how, a half hour of work and a half hour of replacing broken crayons and attempting to quiet the raging child's cries, Castiel closed the deal and was left with the worst part of his job; small talk.
"These are beautiful," The wife, Jess, held up a hand, eyes bright as she looked to a point just beyond Castiel. Cas blinked, then glanced over his shoulders, unable to stop the way the corners of his lips twitched up into a smile. On the wall behind him were three large prints, his favorites, actually, of photographs of some rare type of flower. "Are they all the same photographer?"
"Ah, yes, they are." Castiel scribbled out the final bits of his notes, although he was almost certain he wouldn't sound as cool as he felt as he smiled, "Actually, it's me."
"Really?" She arched an eyebrow, and Cas nodded, turning his smile downwards to the desk as he finished up with his work, leading the small family to the door not minutes later. It felt good to close a deal.
"We really appreciate your help." The husband smiled, already at the door, fingers combing through his mess of shaggy brown hair. "Thank you, Castiel."
"Oh!" Jess caught his arm before they could leave, "Sam and I were thinking, we're having a party this Saturday for Jo's birthday. She's turning six. We're just having some friends over, but we'd love you to join us. If you're not busy, of course."
Castiel was a little surprised they they would offer, blinking a few times behind the frames of his glasses before smiling and nodding, "Yeah, thanks." He glanced to the little girl. "I'll drop by."
"Great!" Jess smiled, "Great. And my brother-in-law Dean is in town, you two were in the same high school class together, weren't you?"
Jess's words were offhand, but brought Castiel's mind to a staggering halt. He blinked a few times, then smiled fondly, fingers going up to the blue tie around his neck. He smoothened the fabric down against his chest, then chuckled, "Yeah. Yeah, I remember Dean. How is he doing?"
"You can find out for yourself." Jess decided, laughing softly and winking at him. "This Saturday, two o'clock."With a few offhanded 'thank you's, the Winchesters were out the door, and Castiel was left in the house alone.
"Dean..." He murmured to himself, and the name tasted foreign on his lips. He hadn't seen Dean Winchester in forever, and couldn't help chuckling at the past memories the name alone held. His mind was caught by other things, though, as he noticed the growing pile of work to do, starting again for his desk and forgetting about the green eyed, freckled man for the rest of the week.