
Tell me am I crazy? Or is this more than a crush?
"You're so beautiful Louis. I know you probably think it's weird I'm calling you that but it's true. You have the most gorgeous blue eyes I've ever seen and a smile that could lights up a whole city. You have the most caring heart in the world, always standing up and looking out for people. I love to watch you with kids because you get this glint in your eyes and it's just...beautiful." Harry was full on smiling under his head of curls.
I catch my breath, the one you took the moment you entered the room. My heart, it breaks at the thought of her holding you.
"And when you walk in the room," Harry continued. "No matter how many people or how many cameras are in there my whole face lights up, or that's at least what the boys have told me. My heart stops and my breathe catches in my chest because you just do that to me." Harry shook his head trying to clear his thoughts, getting back on track. "But this isn't about that. It's about knowing I'll never have you, can't have. That I can't hold you in my arms at night, like she could. I'm just not good enough for you, aren't I? And you know what hurts the most, Lou? Knowing you willnever love me the same way I love you. That's what hurts the most..." Harry let the tears fall down his face, a small mocking smile on his face. He shook his head for what felt like the millionth time today. Telling him he's right, Lou would never love him the same way.
Maybe I'm alone in this, but I find peace in solitude knowing, if I had but just one kiss this whole room, would be glowing. We'd be glowing, we'd be glowing.
"And," Harry sniffled. "I know if I could just have one kiss, one kiss. Everything would be fine. I would finally get to know the feeling of your lips on mine. I'll kiss you as if this was some Cinderella story. Except there would be no fairy tale ending." Harry finished. The tears falling down his face were flowing hard and fast. He let out a quiet sob as he thought harder and harder about how Louis doesn't and will never love him. "It hurts so bad...so bad." Harry whispered. His eyes were closed shut tightly and his hands were balled up into fists shaking as he squeezed them tighter.
Tell me am I crazy? Or is this more than a crush?
"Say something Louis!" Harry said breaking down more as the silence continued. What harry didn't know was that Louis was thinking over everything Harry had said. He made sense. Eleanor didn't look at him like the way Harry did. She didn't understand him the way he now realized Harry did. It was almost like Harry's body was made for and attuned to Louis'. He realized Eleanor just wasn't...enough. Wasn't what he wanted, what he needed. It was Harry who he needed. Harry with big green eyes that turned a light gray in the winter, with the smile that really did light up a whole city and who looked amazing, always. Always looked amazing. Louis wondered how he noticed all these things about Harry but couldn't notice them about Eleanor. Because you're not inlove with Eleanor, Louis told himself. It all made sense know. Harry who was there all along, what he needed all along was right there in front of him and he just never gave a thought about it because he was too busy with his girlfriend. That's when Louis realized he was with the wrong person. He needed to be with Harry. He needed to kiss Harry and snuggle with Harry and just love Harry. I'm inlove with Harry, I'm inlove with Harry, I am inlove with Harry. Louis repeated to himself in his head, smiling bigger as he made more sense and he believed it more and more. I am inlove with Harry Styles, Louis thought for the last time a huge smile spreading across his face.