
Story Summary: Harry's a nerd in love but Louis is 'too popular' for Harry.
Louis walked hand in hand with Eleanor through the hall with his posse following like lost puppies. They were all in a deep conversation about, well Louis didn't really know but it's something stupid. Louis didn't really care to be honest. He wished everything would be easier. Eleanor wasn't really his girlfriend; she was just a beard if you will. Louis was really gay and maybe, sorta, kinda may be in love, but she didn't need to know that. No one needed to know that.
Louis was shaken from his thoughts when he saw a curly haired head walk past quickly, trying to pass Louis and his group. Louis smiled a little. He liked Harry. He had bright green eyes that drove him crazy, a gorgeous smile that made Louis want to kiss him, and not to mention his is absolutely precious. He didn't understand why everyone, aka his group, was so mean to Harry. He hasn't done anything to them. Except he made Louis like him, like him a lot.
-
Harry made his way into school, hunched over, mainly because he was so tall but also to hide his presence. He didn't want anyone to see him really. Not like anyone saw him anyway. He made his way down the hall looking up to see Louis and his posse. Louis.
Harry smiled cheeks pink. Just the thought of Louis made Harry blush and got his heart racing. Yeah, so maybe he was a little bit in love, so what? Oh yeah, he's in love with a popular, one of the kids who teased him (not to mention him being a boy, everyone knew Harry was gay). Except Louis never teased Harry, he just stood there. Maybe Louis will be nice to me? Harry thought. Oh, don't get your hopes up Harry, maybe he liked to watch and laugh than cause the trouble. Yeah, that's it.
Harry dropped his head, walking past them and down the hall, to his locker.
-
It was lunch and Harry was sitting at the table, outside with his one friend Liam. Harry let out a dreamy sigh as he heard Louis' beautiful laugh echo through his ears. Harry loved his laugh so much. He wanted to make Louis laugh so badly even though he knew he wasn't funny. Harry may have or may not have been blatantly staring at Louis' table across the courtyard. But no one seemed to notice. Well, Liam did. Of course Liam noticed.
"For god's sake Harry, why don't you just talk to him already?!" Liam semi-yelled, exasperated that Harry won't just man up and talk to him. Harry hit Liam on his arm seeing some people, including Louis, were staring.
"God, Liam shut up! People are staring." Harry hissed under his breath. People turned away finally, looking bored that it was just the nerd Harry whatever-his-last-name-is, who had caused the trouble.
Plain old, nerdy Harry.
-
Louis was bored out of his mind sitting there with a table full of pricks and snobs. Louis wasn't like the rest of them. He only fit in with them because he was on the football team. He wasn't even captain or anything special like that. Just his plain self.
Louis wished he wouldn't have joined the team so he could hang out with the people he actually liked. More importantly he wanted to stop pretending. Stop pretending to be a douche, pretending to have a girlfriend who is "madly in love" with, and more importantly stop pretending to be straight, because he most certainly is not. Louis honestly doesn't get how no one seems to think he is gay. He is quite flamboyant and doesn't even try to hide it, he can even admit it!
"For god's sake Harry, why don't you just talk to him already?!" Louis heard from somewhere. He immediately picked his head up to try and find the source. He finally caught sight of Harry punching Liam in the arm, blushing furiously, eyes glancing left and right. He probably isn't used to much attention, Louis thought. That thought made Louis feel sad. Harry deserved all the attention in the world. And maybe Louis wanted to give it to him.