
The rest of the house looked like whatever Lethe saw last night, only her vision was clearer. As the soft rays of morning light shone through the glass, highlights on the sparkling ornaments glimmered and glistened. Little rain droplets were trickling on the windowsill, as if they were racing to get to the bottom first. The green carpets around here had silver patterns instead, giving Lethe an image of a coiled snake in mind.
They went through the rest of the house, with similar green and silver décor, until they stopped at what Lethe presumed was the banquet hall. A large table draped with light green was in the center of it all, with a few plates with utensils on one end. Lethe could see Theo on one end, twirling the fork in his hand as he stared out a window.
"I'll get breakfast for you. Would you like to try some honey on bread and olives? It tastes weird, but I think you would like it, even if your first favorite is fish."
Lethe nodded, so Pan headed into the kitchen. Lethe went over to the end of the table, and sat down in the chir adjacent to Theo.
"Good morning, chica," Theo absentmindedly greeted her.
"Morning, Theo. Just wondering, what happened last night? I could barely remember anything."
Theo snorted. "Of course you wouldn't. You know what happened? You were trapped in the spells of Pan. He's a good satyr, don't worry, but he has a tendency to be too nurturing to others. If people were too stubborn to get something they need, such as sleep for you guys, then he amplifies the need to an extent that no matter what, you will have to seek it out and meet it. It's actually a good strategy, really. Like tricking them into eating candy. If only Pan weren't a pacifist."
Lethe nodded, not knowing how to reply to that. Soon, Pan came over with her food, and she started eating.
The bread and honey was sweet. The olives tasted okay. Lethe also learned that sometimes, people needed to remove things in fruits before the fruit could be eaten.
Hyas and Alodia soon came downstairs as well, and they sat down beside Lethe, before Pan served them the same thing as Lethe's breakfast. As soon as he did, he sat down in the other seat adjacent to Theo.
Lethe cleared up her throat. "Sir, do you think you can tell us how to go to the Ancient Mountain?"
Pan smiled, but Lethe couldn't find its warmth. "Oh, I suppose I can. But please do take care of yourselves. What you want to do is not an easy task for most people."
"Just walk north and go a little bit outside town and you'll find a sign that was seemingly placed for no reason at all. At that sign, turn right and walk straight ahead. Just keep walking, and soon you'll find the ride to take to the Ancient Mountain."
"Just that? Nothing more?" Alodia asked as she gobbled up her food.
Pan shook his head. "Just that. Don't worry about missing the ride by accident; it is nearly impossible to miss it. If you did, you better get some good ocular lenses."
"Then can we leave as soon as we've had breakfast?"
"Little mermaid, just let your patience extend for a little longer. After you've eaten breakfast, you may go. However, I ask that when you see your ride, you must take care of it, alright?"
"We promise to take care of it," Hyas said out loud.
"What's the ride anyway?" Alodia asked Pan.
Pan smiled, and Lethe could've noticed the twitch of his mouth pointing to Theo. "You'll see when you get there. Now, are all of you done eating?"