
A/N: I don't own any harry potter characters, which is a pain. J.K. Rowling owns these characters. Anywho, hope you enjoy!!! btw- I'm changing most of the story....

Hermione's POV-
OMG! I cant believe that I, Hermione Granger, am going to Hogwarts! I hope I'll make new friends today, I thought
I boarded the train and situated myself in an empty compartment. After a couple minutes, someone asked me " Do you mind if i sit in this compartment?". I looked up and saw a boy with really blond hair. " No, go ahead" I said with a smile. He took a seat across from me. " By the way, I'm Malfoy, Draco Malfoy, and you are?" He said
"I'm Hermione, Hermione Granger"
"Thank you for letting me sit here, nobody will let me in their compartment because I'm the son of two-um nevermind, I dont think you want to hear me rambbling Hermione."
"No, Its ok, Go on"
"Well they won't let me sit with them because my parents are death eaters"
"Oh..well...Its fine by me,but... why are you talking to me, I mean I AM a Mud--uh--Blood."
"Its ok hermione, Im not a death eater and I dont plan to be one"
"Oh well thanks for understanding"
Draco's POV
Wow she so nice. I hope she will be my friend. "um..hermione..can I be your friend?" please say yes, please say yes! "Of course, Draco!" YAY! Finally my first friend!!!
No one's POV
The train stopped and an announcement came up.
"Sorry for the inconvenience students, but there will be a slight delay, you may have to spend the night, but you will get to Hogwarts by tomorrow afternoon."
"Oh well I guess we have a lot of time to spare" Draco said
"Yeah." Hermione agreed
" We can play a game"
"Sure whats the game Draco"
"You ask me questions and I'll ask you questions, so we can get know each other better"
" Ok sounds easy enough, I'll start, hmm...Whats your favorite joke"
" umm... any type of knock knock joke, ok my turn, Whats your favorite song"
"B-E-A-Utiful- by Megan Nicole, its a muggle song. I'll show it to you later, anyways my turn, Whats your favorite TV show"
"Um..promise me you wont think this is crazy"
"Promise"
"Its Dr. Who...." Draco tells Hermione embarrassed
"Its ok Draco, I love Dr. Who"
"Really?"
"Yeah speaking of which do you want to watch it i have it on my laptop"
"Yeah, sure"
*knock knock*
"Sorry but I only have one blanket left, is it ok?" someone said
"Yes, thank you, Im Hermione Granger by the way" Hermione said
"Im Ronald Weasley and you are?" Ronald said looking at Draco
"Im Draco Malfoy"  Draco responded
" Nice to meet you both, but i need to go, bye" Ronald said
"Bye" Both draco and hermione said before Ronald left
A/N: Thats all for the first Chaper hope you enjoyed it!