
Louis was pulled out of his thoughts, not even realizing he was staring at Harry, by Eleanor pulling on his arm with her manicured finger nails that Louis didn't like. She told him to kiss her and he did, just to make everyone happy. Because Louis was that type of person to put other people's feelings before his own. Sometimes Louis didn't want to, times like now, but he did it anyway not wanting to feel the guilt if he didn't.
-
"No Liam, I'm not going to and never will talk to Louis, okay?!" Harry whispered Liam following him as he made his way through book shelf's in the Library. "But-" "No Liam!" Harry whipped around turning to face him. "Louis would never like a guy like me, hell he's straight Li! Plus I'm a nerd, and ugly and not even close to cool or popular. Face it Liam, I'm just me okay? And me isn't good enough for him!" Harry turned back around and sighed, defeated.
"Harry, you know you're none of those things. You may be smart but that doesn't make you a nerd. And you're definitely not ugly and who cares about social levels? This is high school, all of its bullshit. No one is really them when they're popular. They act differently to make themselves popular!" Liam argued.
"Ugh, Li I really don't want to talk about this right now, just help me find my book." Harry was done with the topic of Louis, for once in his life. "Fine, where did you last see it?" Liam sighed.
"I left it on the computer table's right here."
-
Harry sat at his desk hunched over, a pencil in hand. The paper sitting on his desk still blank after 10 minutes of thinking. Liam had suggested to Harry, to get his feelings out, to write down all the reasons why he liked Louis. It's not that Harry couldn't come up with anything to write, it was more where to start that was the problem.
Harry loved so much about Louis. From his cheeky personality to the way his eyes crinkled when he smiled. Harry smiled; Louis was his favorite thing to think about. Harry started writing, and writing, and writing.
-
The next day, Liam asked Harry if he had written everything down. Harry nodded and handed it off to Liam. "Good, good." Liam smiled as he skimmed through it. "Aw, Haz you're so in love, it's adorable and it's making me want to throw up rainbows." Liam said pinching his cheeks. Harry's eyes and nose scrunched up and he moved his head away from Liam's hands. "Shut up Li." Harry mumbled as he walked through the doors of his English classroom, which he coincidently had with Louis.
During English Harry took a few side glances towards Louis who was sitting across the room. Louis would look over in Harry's direction, probably feeling Harry's eyes burning into the side of his head, and Harry would think he looked away fast enough. But he thought wrong as Louis did catch him twice. But Harry didn't know that. Harry didn't know a lot of things about Louis.
-
The bell rang signaling the end of English, last block. Everyone gathered their things quickly and scrambled to the door. Liam and Harry quickly got up after putting their things away and scrambled to the door. Everyone was pushing and shoving with at least 5 people in the doorway at once. Jesus, Harry thought. It's not even Friday yet!
All the students bumping into each other was enough to make Harry's paper of "Things I loved about Louis" fall of from its perch on Liam's binder, the action going unnoticed by Liam and Harry. But not un-noticed by a certain someone who stayed behind to avoid getting trampled.
Louis.