
"Oh, um, sorry, but I come from a place where we don't usually wear clothes. You wouldn't happen to know where I can get some?"
"Well, yes, but I don't think you could pay for the clothes. You wouldn't happen to have auries, would you?"
Lethe shook her head. She had no idea what auries were.
"Well, I think we'd be the same size, more or less. You look around my age anyway. I'll lend you some of mine." She turned around and set the large bag on her back on the ground. She got a pack of clothes and handed them to Lethe. "Here you go."
"Thank you for your kindness," Lethe said as she did a little bow. She removed her armor, and as she did, she noticed the girl looking away. She put on the shirt, which was a little loose, but that was the easy part. Dresses and shirts were rare, but they were heard of in the merfolk realm. She had no idea how to put on the clothes that went on her tails.
"Hey, um," Lethe called out to the girl, who slowly looked back at Lethe. "How do you put on these things?"
The girl looked even more confused. "You don't know how to put on pants?" She asked, completely bewildered.
Lethe shook her head slowly. It was only the first step, but she was failing at acting human already. No wonder she was a complete failure.
The girl shook her head, with an air of exasperation. "Here, I'll help you."
She went over to Lethe, and tried to pull her up. Lethe got up on her feet for a few seconds, then nearly fell due to a lack of balance, stopped only because the girl grabbed onto her arm in time.
"Wow, it's like you don't even know how to stand," she commented, her brow creasing further.
Lethe laughed shakily. "Yeah."
The girl held Lethe as she taught her how to put on the pants. There were many mishaps, all thanks to Lethe and her lack of understanding, but they somehow were able to end the lesson with Lethe wearing pants.
"Wow, I never taught I'd have to teach someone to stand up, especially at this age," the girl commented as she pulled up the pants one more time, just to make sure that they were secure.
"I'm sorry for the inconvenience, miss." Lethe tried to bow, but she was too unstable to manage a proper one.
"Don't call me 'miss.' I do have a name, and it's Alodia," the girl said nonchalantly, holding out the hand that wasn't being used to stabilize Lethe's balance.
"It's nice to meet you, Alodia," Lethe said with a hint of a smile on her lips as she shook Alodia's hand.
Alodia raised an eyebrow. "And yours is...?"
"Oh! My name is Lethe." She made a quick bow with her head. "I'm sorry I forgot to introduce myself."
"It's okay, it's okay! Gosh, you seemed really harsh at first, and really weird, but you're okay. Anyway, why are you here?"
"Oh, um, I need to find someone. You see, someone stole something very important to me, and I can't lose it."
"Awww!" Alodia pouted and made a sad face. "That's unfair. Well, do you know where to go now?"
"Honestly, not really. I have no idea where he is, and I don't really remember his face."
"Shucks, that sucks! What are you going to do about that now?"
Lethe rubbed her left ring finger, before realizing that her ring was lying within the rocks. She stopped rubbing it, but she kept her hand there. "Honestly, I don't really know what to do. I suppose I'll go search for clues now."