
"He...his arm..." Niall said, starting to tear up. Zayn got up from the couch and gave Niall a hug, not wanting the boy to cry. "He cuts." Niall finally said, letting out a breath of relief. The boys all gasped. "Louis? But he's always so...happy." Liam said shocked. "My baby cuts?" Harry mumbled to himself. Maybe Louis was his boyfriend in his mind but no one needed to know that. "Wait...Where's Louis now?" Zayn asked. "I think he went to his bathroom, why?" "Niall." Zayn stated. A look of realization crossed his face. "Oh my god!" Harry yelled, jumping up from his seat on the couch and running to Louis' bedroom. Luckily Louis didn't lock this door.
Harry banged on the bathroom door. "Louis. Louis, open up! It's Harry!" Harry said jiggling the door knob like it was going to open. "No! Leave me alone!" Harry heard Louis say his voice shaky. "Louis please," Harry quieted his voice. "Please don't hurt yourself baby. Please...please." Harry said, leaning his head against the door, his fist resting on it.
Louis shook his head to himself, taking the blade running it across his skin four more times on his right arm, along with the other new cuts he had made. A broken sob came from his mouth, which initiated more and more till he was full out crying. Harry's heart clenched hearing him, his Louis, so broken to pieces. Harry had to scoop him into his arms and hold him, protecting him from the world. Harry went to find something, anything, to help him open the door. Finally Harry noticed a bobby pin, most likely belonging to him and used it to pick the lock on the door.
Getting the lock to click, Harry burst opened the door and dropped to his knees as he saw the sight before him. Louis was sat next to the tub his head in his arms, the right dripping with blood. "Louis." Harry said scooping him into his arms, after grabbing a towel from the counter top, wrapping it around the older boys arm. "Sshh, sshh. Baby, please stop crying. I'm here, I'm here." Harry said trying to calm Louis down, rubbing his back. He unwrapped the towel from Louis' arm and gasped in horror at the word written across his arm. Worthless.
"Oh Louis." Harry said, holding back his tears, wanting to stay strong for Louis. "H-Harry." Louis mumbled into his chest as he calmed a bit. "It's true, you know. I am worthless. No one cares anymore, no. No one really had." Louis mumbled again. "No Lou. I care. I always'd cared about you. I care about you so much, please don't hurt yourself anymore. This is all my fault." Harry said, mad at himself that he never noticed this about his best friend. "Harry, no. Don't you ever, ever, blame yourself for this. It is not your fault." Louis said, pulling his head up and looking at Harry straight in the eye with his bloodshot ones. Harry nodded, not believing him. He knew it was his fault, he could have saved Louis.
"Come on let's get you cleaned up and ready for bed, okay baby?" Harry said, pulling Louis up as he stood. Louis nodded. Harry washed Louis up then took Louis to his bedroom. "You're sleeping with me tonight, okay?" Harry asked, not accepting no as an answer. Louis nodded, yawning. Harry laid Louis down, helping him with his clothes. Harry unbuttoned his jeans and pulled them down, leaving his boxers on. When he got his shirt, Louis made a noise of protest. "No!" Louis all but shouted, holding Harry's wrist. "It's okay Louis. You trust me, right?" Harry asked. Louis nodded. Harry carefully took his shirt of and threw it somewhere on the ground. Harry glanced at Louis' left arm seeing more white lines. His arm was a canvas full of paint so he had to find another. Harry stood, taking his own clothes off to his boxers, throwing it carelessly to the ground.