
They walked all over the place, just trying to get to the center of the town. But Lethe knew that that was an exaggeration. After all, if they found the thief, then they could find a giant crowd of people. Finally, they heard some whooping and yelling, and for some strange reason, bleating.
Cheering and bleating. That's totally a reasonable and brilliant combination.
But as they got to see the cause of the noises, Lethe understood why they could bleat; so many, perhaps a hundred, little people that were more or less the same height as Lethe, who was the shortest of the group. Barely anyone reached the height of Alodia, which would probably be surprising if it weren't for their more attention-grabbing appendages. If Lethe were looking at their heads, then she would've noticed the horns, some of which stretched far or even curled up against the skull. But Lethe wasn't looking up there. She was looking down there; their lower halves were not those of men and they weren't covered by pants either. Instead they were naked and plainly show to the world that varying shades of brown fur covered their legs, and where there should be feet and toes, there were hooves. When Lethe could see the posteriors of these people, she saw tiny little tails, barely wagging along.
"Satyrs," Hyas muttered in awe. "I expected humans to live here."
"You shouldn't have expected that, honestly," Theo said as he scanned the area. "Not everyone who is sentient has to be a human. After all, not everyone we have in our group is human."
"Well, yeah, but Lethe looks human."
"Looks can be deceiving. Now, can you focus on that?" Theo pointed to the center of the plaza, where all of the satyrs were looking at.
In the center of the large groups, Lethe could see some satyrs acting in front of a huge statue of a man. The actors appeared to be dedicating themselves to the statue, using fruits and vegetables as a display of art, right before eating it very quickly. The statue seemed to be important, especially with the many intricate engravings on the belt around his fat waist or the laurel of leaves that adorned his head and his horns.
"That, dear children, is Pan," Theo said, demonstrating towards the statue of the giant stature. "He is one of the nobility, the ruler that resides over these areas. He is rather kind, particularly generous towards the people that are part of his own such as forest nymphs and satyrs. In fact, he started up many of the towns where satyrs live in now, and put protection wards around the forests where the nymphs live. That's why the satyrs must be praising him today. They probably want to tell him that they're thankful for all that he's done."
"Huh, if only he were here to see their plays," Alodia lamented over the thought sadly.
"Oh, he's here all right. Look up at the balcony of that house." Theo pointed upwards, on one of the houses to their immediate right. Lethe looked up at the balcony of the yellow house, and she saw a man that looked almost exactly like the statue, even wearing a similar toga to the one there. She saw that his mouth was curled into a smile, and Lethe wondered just how much he truly enjoyed this performance, one made out of love and care from his own children.
"Unfortunately, I think we need to see him if we want to know a way up to the Ancient Mountain. More often than not, there will only be a small number of satyrs that will know how to get there. Pan, on the other hand, will definitely know how to get to the Ancient Mountain from here, using the labyrinth or not, so he's the best and quickest choice we can make. Are you willing to try asking him?"