
"Go to your room!And don't come out!" I ran towards my room and slammed the door shut locking myself inside. I hate this...My mom's been very rude and abusive since dad died...
I tried to convince her that things were going to get better but all she did was scream at me and throw things. It was horrible, I had too wear bandages on my arms and band-aids on my face too school and everybody talked about me as I passed by them...It was funny cause even the teachers would talk too,stuff like,'More scars?''Whats going on with her lately?' And more stuff it was very annoying...The students gave me a new nickname..before it was Slut or The Lonely Bitch but now its The Lost Girl..I dont understand why but it dosent bother me as much as before,I had friends but as soon as I changed my appearance and my attitude changed they all slowly faded away...Now I'm completely alone.
-At school-"Look its The Lost Girl.." I felt everybodys stares and heard all their whispers,"Shes got more band-aids than before,what a loser." I heard the popular girls snicker and giggle,I kept my head down and kept walking to my last class...I believe theirs supposed to be some new student but I couldn't remember,I hardly pay attention in school anymore but I still get better grades than anyone.
"Good afternoon class,I would like to introduce a new student today,please introduce yourself and tell us about yourself." I kept my self from looking up and played with my bandages.
"Hello I'm Damian Brooks,its nice to meet you all, I originally came from England but I transferred here to get a new feeling you could say,I also play all sports." He finished and I heard all the girls swooning over him,I scoffed a bit at them.
"Okay Damian can you please sit by Jasmine in the back." Mrs.Martinez said,"Raise your hand Jasmine." The teacher said,I felt everybody stare at me like I was their prey,I looked up and gave a bored look and raised my hand,I looked out the window as I heard walking then put my hand down,and continued to play with my bandages.
The chair scapped on the ground as Damian seated,the girls glaring because he didn't sit by them. "Hello I'm Damian its nice to meet you Jasmine." I looked at him,he had dirty blonde hair and light green eyes with a tint of blue,he was somewhat muscular but not to much. I looked at him and looked away towards the teacher.
-School ended,at home-
"Go Go Go!!I don't want to see your dicrased face!" I sighed and walked up stairs feeling pain run through me as things were getting thrown at me from behind...'Great now I have to put more bandages..' I grabbed some from my nightstand and took off my shirt wrapping them around my petite body,and with that I went to sleep for another horrid day awaiting me...