
And Lethe wondered if that was true.
Alodia looked irritated, probably because of the discussion, so Lethe let her alone. She was hoping that there would be some other way of passing the time. Was there any other way?
She decided to stand up and look around the banquet hall. As long as she stayed in there, it would be fine, right? Theo only said that they should stay here, but that didn't mean the exact same spot for how long it would take him before he came back.
She started walking around and staring at the wooden table and stools that everyone used to eat and sit on. Rather strange how humans lived with their lower appendages able to bend and twist into certain angles and positions that the merfolk tail was incapable of, since the bones in the tail were basically one giant backbone. Kind of like fish.
Lethe went nearer towards the counter. She wanted to look at the different kinds of human food available. She stayed behind the rope that indicated where the line should be. She noticed a boy with a hoodie going up to order food and decided to see what he ordered. He got some fried fish and shrimp jambalaya, and then asked for some water. He paid for the lunch with auries, and turned around to go find a table. He froze when he saw Lethe, for good reason.
Lethe recognized his face. The thief was here, standing right in front of her.
He didn't even wait for her to shout this time. He dropped his food on the counter and ran to the side. Lethe started chasing him as fast as she could and she swore that she would catch up with him, so when he exited the banquet hall, he didn't hesitate to disobey Theo's orders and ran after the thief.
Soon, they were dodging passerby on the streets, turning around and twisting through the crowd. The thief ducked into one of the makeshift houses, and Lethe quickly went inside as well. Then he jumped through the window and started climbing up the wall of the house. Lethe quickly raced after him, up to the unstable rooftop. The boy took one look at Lethe's upper body when she was nearly done climbing, and then jumped onto the roof of the house next door. Lethe, even though she didn't know how far the extent of her physical capabilities was, jumped anyway.
But she didn't quite make it.
She hit the edge of the roof, feeling all of the air inside of her rush out while her foot was slammed against the hard wall. She started falling really quickly. She tried grabbing onto anything that could help her stay up on the roof, but she could not get a hold onto anything. When she was dangling off the roof with only her fingers barely holding on, she screamed. She hoped that she would go to paradise for her efforts.
Her fingers slipped, and she waited for gravity to work ...
Then someone grabbed onto her hand.
When she felt something warm and strong grasp her hand, she looked up, only to find the thief helping her. He pulled on her arm, using both of his hands to carry her up. She tried to help him bring her up, but he did most of the work. After a lot of effort, Lethe got onto the roof with a satisfying whomp sound.
She was so tired and exhausted that she had to take some moments to rest after the ordeal. Yet, the boy stayed there and waited for her to catch her breath. Didn't he realize that he could escape right now?
Actually, why did he help her at all?
"You," she spoke tiredly between each breath she took. "Why... why did you save my life?"
"Because I am not your enemy," he replied curtly. His voice was deep, and he didn't seem too tired from all the running around.