
"Who are you looking for?" I asked
"How did you..?" he started but changed his mind seeing how I wanted to help. "I'm looking for my brother. He ran away and I can't find him."
"Your brother? What does he look like, maybe I can help?"
"He's tall, really tall."
"Is that it?"
"No, I guess, um..." he paused leaving me to wonder why he was having trouble describing his brother. "He has tan colored hair, and in certain light his eyes look red. That's about all I can tell you."
"Well, it's not much, but I'll keep an eye out for him. Is there any way to contact you if I find him?"
"Um, not really I don't have a phone, but I'll be in town all day. If you do happen to find him, and want to bring him back my parents and I are camping in the woods North of town."
"Alright, well good luck, I hope you find your brother soon."
"Thanks" he said running away through the crowd. I stood there like an idiot and watched him leave. Where did I know him from? I'm sure I'd seem him somewhere, but then again, maybe I was making it up.
"So how'd it go, Blair?" Alice asked appearing next to me.
"I got his name, but that's about it."
"We really need to train you on how to get a boy's digits." Liz teased, "but onto a different topic, how about we go shop around!" this peaked everyone's interests. We walked around till the sunset trying on different hats and admiring all the different products sold. Alice did end up buying a new purse, but it was a cheap knock off of a famous brand.
Alice and Liz lived close together, while I lived in the opposite direction, and so we parted ways at the end of the day.
"Call me when you get home." Liz ordered, "Just so we know you got home safe." I promised I'd call, then made my way through the now dark park.
The park was deserted. The sun had set, and that was an unwritten closing time. The lights were still on, but I kind of wish they weren't that way you could see the stars. As I walked by the place I'd originally met up with Liz and Alice, the bushes started to move just like before. I stopped because there was no way that was a bird. It was two loud and to long.
"Is someone there?" I asked which was probably the dumbest thing to do at the moment. A low growl sounded from the bush and in my head I cursed assuming that it was a coyote. I began to back away slowly not sure what to expect. The beast growled again, before shooting out of the bush and towards me. I didn't scream, even though I tried, nothing would come out. I tried to retreat as well, but ended up falling in my butt and forcing myself into a seemingly hopeless situation. I covered my head hoping the beast would kill me quickly, but no pain came. I moved my arms away from my head and looked around. There was no Coyote, but something different, something that looked almost human, stood before me. It was tall and had tanned fur that covered its entire body, and it's eyes were red.
It started to speak, sounding panicked and scared, but what came out of it's wasn't English; and yet I could still understand.

"What do you mean you're lost?" I asked it as it started to explain the entire story to me.