
Broken Passion - Part One

Pro! Dancer! Levi x dancer! Reader

"OH-MY-GOD! SCREW ME TWICE!" you yelled at the empty studio – safe in the knowledge that you were the last one there during that cold night, yelling seemed to be the most viable and releasing way to express your frustration. At your wits end, your knees gave way and  brought you to the floor sobbing. Your (h/c) hair stuck to your cheeks with sweat as your (e/c) eyes released streams of salty tears to accompany the sweat.

"Why.... why can't I do this like the rest of them can?" Then the berating began "It's just a simple pirouette! A simple pirouette! I used to be able to do it! Why not now?" Your voice rose until it hit a high point and cracked.

"This is stupid.... stupid.... stupid...stupid!!" You picked yourself up, restarted the music and began to go through the routine once more....then the music reached the crescendo and went quiet except for a small twinkling melody. This part was your solo – the solo that you'd worked so hard to achieve but in your mind, it wasn't perfect – it wasn't good enough. It never was to you.

Levi watched you from the shadows in the adjoining studio – he'd watch you everyday after practice ended. You'd stay until the late hours of the night – thinking you were on your own and letting your burning anger and frustration out at yourself. Deep down, something yearned within him to help you realise you were better than what you took yourself for but his cool, steely exterior intercepted this desire and held it back.

This pattern continued for months leading up to the show – levi'd watch you with you unknown to his presence, you'd practice and berate yourself time and time again but now, the lack of sleep and eating in order to practice was taking it's toll. To you, it was just a little sacrifice to gain something stronger. Levi  noticed your downhill spiral yet still did nothing. The show night rolled around and your body was weaker than ever before. In your mind, it was just tiredness from school – nothing major, it never was.

The dance groups came and went – each one better than the last as the skill level grew. Finally......it was your contemporary group's turn.

"Good luck, everyone! 3..2..1..let's go!" Amelia, the dance captain, lead the pre-dance cheer. Everyone grouped around and put their hands in then lined up to go out on stage. You smiled broadly yet all the time wild rogue thoughts ran through your mind.

'come on, (f/n). don't mess this up now.'

'pfftt....you'll mess this up royally. Just you watch yourself.'

The dance went smoothly for everyone else to start off with...you could feel yourself growing more tired and anxious as the music reached it's crescendo point and then....

Quiet...

The melody played and you did your elegant pirouette, ready to move into your split leap and then you faltered mid-leap. You didn't have the energy to continue and you crashed to the floor....

Blackness followed...