
The memories were old, and I only ever see them in dreams now, but thinking back that was probably the greatest time in my life since I hadn't yet discovered what I was. There was only one other person who I could really get along with back then, he was my only friend, but then he moved after first grade, and I was on my own with people who thought I was weird, and ridiculed me for it. They bullied me and they would come to my house occasionally, but I never told my parents. I liked it in Georgia despite how I was treated. The house would be cleaned up before my parents arrived home, and all was fine until that one day during sixth grade.
It was a regular day; I went to school, ignored everyone and was ignored by everyone, but that's how goes. The day went by slowly, but the bell did finally ring after nine gruesome hours of class. I was the last student out of the building as usual, hurrying down the street in my own in a rush to get home, but something seemed different. The street appeared emptier than they typically were on a Friday afternoon. I checked my surroundings but the only thing I noticed was a black van parked beside the curb ahead of me. That couldn't be good, and I was debating returning to the school since I was on my own.
I was about to turn back when the van's doors opened and out jumped 3 men in dark green suits. Wait dark green suits? Isn't it usually black? It didn't mattercause they were coming for me at full speed. I dropped my bag and ran. I was younger than most of them, so I should've been able to outrun them, but that wasn't the case. A chill went up my spine as I ran, and I turned my body slightly in response. Good move, I felt something fly right past me. Were they shooting me? I kept running my legs moving faster and faster, my stamina never depleting. I dodged again as something else flew by my head.
This whole situation was weird, and something felt off to me. Why wasn't I panicking like most kids would when being chased by crazy kidnappers who were shooting them? I wasn't panicking, in fact, I was calm and thinking through everything with a level head. I was getting closer to the school and figured the men in green would back off now, but I was wrong. There was a wiz sound as something sharp hit me on the back of my leg. I hit the ground with a THUD, my leg suddenly becoming painfully numb.
"Quite the challenge to capture wasn't she Father," said a voice belonging to a young boy. There was no response to the question.
"Get her into the car." someone much older ordered. I felt hands pulling me to my feet, but before they could do anything I felt something in my head clicked.
"Release me." I growled eyes glued to the ground.
"Not even if you beg." One of them whispered into my ear. I might have laughed, maybe I didn't, but I felt a whole new strength flowing through my body. I bolted from my captors overjoyed by the fact that they didn't tie me up with something. For a moment I struggled with my balance due to the numbness of my leg, but other than that I was fine.
"We don't want to have to hurt a fine specimen like you," Their leader said pulling something that resembled a gun from his coat. What had he just called me?
"Just come quietly," The younger boy said. He really was younger than the others and he was the only one who looked somewhat normal. They were all abnormally pale and the two older men were bald while the youngest had a very pristine haircut.
"Come quietly?" I laughed as the man with the gun approached me, "In your dream." My feet carried me faster than what should be physically possible, and I watch as the gun, which I had somehow kicked out of the kidnappers hands, skidded across the street. "You're in my way," I informed eyeing the school; my only safe haven at the moment. seeing how they didn't want to move I ran through hopefully knocking one over. I was home free after that, but I pause and turned back.