
Louis chuckled at the last line thinking how Harry was such a dork.
A love sick dork. And Louis loved it. Louis loved him...
And he was going to do something about it.
-
When Louis got to school the next day, he was ready. He was ready to stop pretending, ready to break up with Eleanor, ready to leave his stupid group of 'friends' and he was ready to come out. But most importantly, he was ready to give Harry everything he deserves. Louis wanted to kiss him, hug him, snuggle with him and take him on fancy dates and just be himself with Harry because he knows that's what Harry wants, needs, deserves.
When Louis got to school immediately his group was around him. Eleanor made her way through the bunch then got on her tip toes prepared to kiss Louis, but he had other ideas. He pushed her down by her shoulders and she gave him a confused look. "What's wrong, Lou?" She asked, concerned.
Louis sighed, he wish he didn't have to do this. He hates seeing people upset or sad and it's even worse when he was the cause. But he had to do this, for his sake and Louis wanted to do something for himself for once. Louis took Eleanor by the wrist, not wanting to hold her hand, down the hall turning the corner where no one was to see.
Louis sighed again. "Listen Eleanor, I have to tell you something and I'm not sure how you're going to take this..." He avoided her eyes because this was harder than he thought. "What is it Louis?" She asked, though by the look in her eyes it seemed like she already knew.
"I'm breaking up with you." Louis stated. Eleanor let out a shaky breath and nodded slowly, her eyes cast down. "O-okay... Can I ask why?" She paused. Louis shook his head. "You'll find out soon enough." Louis left after that, he couldn't stand this.
Louis went back to the hall where everyone was. Louis spotted Harry and Liam the water fountains. Perfect, now is the time, Louis thought.
"Hey everyone can I have your attention, please." Everyone's chitter chatter had stopped to listen to what Louis had to say. But honestly, Louis had no idea where to start. Louis' eyes scanned the room to find Harry's emerald eyes and once he did, he knew.
"So many of you know me as Louis Tomlinson: football player, the popular one and a jerk to some." He paused to let the students nod. "Well 'Louis Tomlinson' isn't me. I'm just Louis, plain old Louis. I wanted to be just a normal, average guy but once you join a sports team and date a hot girl, everything gets chosen for you really."
"I broke up with Eleanor, and I didn't give her a proper answer as to why I did. Well here's the reason why." He paused again and let out a breath, trying to get the nervousness out. "I'm gay." Loud shocked gasped were sounded like in the movies. Louis knew it was just shock and not disgust since this school seems to have 0 to no homophobes Louis snorted. "Yeah, big shocker, am I right?" Everyone nodded. "So I'm gay and I'm so sorry Eleanor for keeping this from you, from everyone, and I'm sorry I kept you in this relationship for so long." Louis turned towards where Eleanor was standing her head on her friends shoulder, she nodded and mouthed it's okay. Louis knew it wasn't though but he'll take it.
"But an even bigger reason is that...I'm in love with someone else." Even louder gasped waved through the hallway. "Yeah, someone who is really sweet, and kind, and absolutely adorable. With big green eyes and smile that lights up a whole room..." Louis trailed off, catching Harry's eyes and smiling when he saw how wide they were. His mouth hung open at what Louis said next, not believing it.
"Harry?" Louis said sending a smile towards Harry. Everyone's gazes turned towards Harry, Liam shutting his mouth and pushing him forward a bit. Harry stumbled forward and looked around at everyone as he walked towards him. Some girls were glaring at him, probably jealous that they aren't going to get with Louis while some looked like they have been waiting for this moment their whole lives. Tumblr girls, Harry thought.