
Alodia sat beside her, and put an arm around her. "Hey," she cooed softly, "don't worry about it. We can get you a new sapphire ring."
"It's not just that! It had a certain kind of magic that I particularly liked to use. Plus, wouldn't it be hard to find?"
Alodia waved her hand in a careless manner. "Don't worry about that. I'll get you a new sapphire ring, and it'll have a special kind of magic too. Let's go to the market then!"
They started to rise up, when they heard a large croak from nearby. Lethe turned around to see a frog sitting on a large rock.
It seemed familiar...
Wait, wasn't it...?
"Hey," Lethe said to the frog as she walked slowly towards it, "aren't you the frog that I saved yesterday?"
The frog stayed silent, and Lethe realized that it couldn't exactly understand word for word whatever Lethe was saying. Lethe remembered that merfolk could communicate with water animals, but not exactly; they just communicated their feelings through telepathy, which the animals understood.
Except, Lethe wasn't a mermaid anymore. She was human now. But did that mean she lost her merfolk abilities?
She tried to communicate with the frog. Hey, are you the one from yesterday?
For a moment, the frog stayed still, and Lethe wondered if that meant that she couldn't use her merfolk abilities, or the frog didn't know what she was talking about. But then it jumped up and down, hopping to Lethe.
It recognized her!
Alodia hopped as well to Lethe's side, bending down to look at the frog closer. "Awww! That's such an adorable little cutie!" She scooped it up and put it near her face. "You said you saved it yesterday?"
"Oh, uh, yeah. Someone was trying to kill it, so I stopped her from doing that."
"Awww, you're like his little hero!" She smiled her brightest smile yet. She kept the frog near her face, cuddling it with her cheek while Lethe stared in a state of uncomfortableness. After cuddling it for a few moments, Alodia announced to Lethe, "We're keeping it."
"What? Are you being serious, Alodia?"
"Of course I'm being serious, why wouldn't I?" She set the frog inside a little pocket of her bag. "He's an adorable little guy, and there's no way he could cause us any harm. Besides, the more the merrier!"
Lethe was wondering how far the extent of this girl's weirdness was. In any case, Lethe sighed and let it slide. It wasn't like the girl was bad or anything. She just had a couple of strange ideas that she had to get used to.
It would take quite a while to get used to them though.
Lethe shuffled her feet. "So, can we go to the market now?"
"Yeah! Let's go!" Alodia grabbed Lethe's hand, and started walking to the market.
The market was near, apparently. Just down the road where Lethe had practiced her walking. But it still took some time to get there, so when they arrived, it was noon and they were starving. Lethe hadn't eaten anything ever since she woke up, so now she could feel her hunger swallowing her whole.
As Lethe's stomach grumbled, Alodia pointed to the food stalls selling snacks. "We can get lunch over there."