
Do you know what really Grinds my gears? It's the lack of common sense and utter stupidity in the world today. In all honesty, the subject of stupidity isn't new. In fact, there has been stupid people ever since the beginning of time (or at least the Beginning of our memory).  I'm standing here thinking about the first human people to make contact with another human being. There conversation probably wasn't very intelligent. What could they have possibly said to one another that each of them could even understand? This also makes me wonder how they ever came to co-exist at all. They obviously had to understand each other in some form or another or we would not be here today. My logic tells me that those early human beings must have had more common sense than any of us.    Now, back to the subject. Common sense.... Do you realize that at one point someone had to write a book about common sense. Someone wrote a fucking book so other people could understand what COMMON SENSE is! It should not be that hard to understand, I mean, I do have my idea of the concept and nobody ever had to explain it to me. It's just something you learn to understand as we grow older. We aquire knowledge, valuable information about life and how to understand the world around us. It isn't taught to us in school or given to us by our wealthy parents at birth. It just is! Everyone has it but, why it is that most people refuse to use it, to hon it in our grasp is beyond me.  What I can't quite figure out is how we, as people, can build great statues and buildings that reach the heavens and yet we don't know how to get along or how to live our lives without judging others (more on that in the chapter's to come). Sometimes I wonder if we'd be better off if most of our race died off and we could repopulate the world with less people with more intelligence. I know what you're thinking and yes it would be considered "immoral" but that is my point. People in general are immoral but we're just not allowed to show it. If we do than someone will make a fuss about it as if it was the second coming or something. I think that people need to know when to keep there opinions to themselves and when to let it all out. Sometimes, their's nothing more powerful than words and a person's opinion of said words needs to be kept to themselves so that the power of the word can be set free, so someone intelligent can hear the word and commence to following the sentence.