
Theo stopped, with an expression of complete rage, grinding his teeth together. Lethe saw that he was shaking, as if he wanted to go at Pollux and rip him into shreds.
Lethe looked at Pollux, confused. He seemed like a really nice guy when she first saw him and yet... "Why would you do this?"
"For my brother," he spat out, trying to move Alodia to the center of the circle. "I want him back. He doesn't and didn't deserve to die in the war. Then, why? Why did he have to die?"
"There are always casualties in war," Theo replied.
"But did that mean that he had to die? My brother, who has done nothing to deserve torture, who had raised me ever since I was little and made sure that I had the best life I wanted, got an arrow in the head as a reward? There were so many corpses after the tragedy, and why did Castor have to be one of them? What did he do to deserve this? It was never his fault that we lived in Troy, but now he paid the price for something he had no control over."
"But it's alright. After five years of missing him and crying for the only person who ever cared about me, I will bring him back. I found out from a wandering river spirit that it was possible to switch the spirits of one alive and one dead. I may not be able to read, but I can ask for help in this. Now, all I needed was the body of a person to trade for my brother's. Alodia may be a girl, but I'd rather had a sister than nothing at all."
"But Alodia was nice to you!" Lethe shouted out at him.
"So? Alodia isn't my brother. No one will be my brother except for Castor. I just want my brother, no one else, and I will get him back."
"You know nothing of the dead, child," Theo said, with a dark undertone. "Do you know how the human soul lives? It will only attach once, to the body that it calls its own, and nothing more. The physical body is temporary, and because of that, the soul cannot stay forever. Death is a pair of scissors that will sever the human soul from its pair, so that the human soul will live forever as a pure spirit. Just try and reverse death, child. Your brother may be in paradise for his good deeds, but you shall spend eternity in fire, for your insolence."
Pollux laughed. "As if you know anything about the dead as well. Anyway, I have more important priorities to take care of, like bringing back my brother." And Pollux started dragging Alodia to the center of the circle, and they were very close to it.
Lethe didn't know what to do. Make Pollux forget about his brother? It was a possibility, but he was too far for Lethe to concentrate her magic at him. If she tried doing that, then Alodia might forget most of her memories as well. Now what?
She looked at the young boy who was dragging her friend. She decided to take an extremely stupid course of action; she whipped her ring off her finger and threw it at Pollux.
It barely hit him on the head, really. He let go of his right hand and swat at the ring. But it was enough.
Alodia moved out of Pollux's grasp in less than a second and kicked him in the groin. Pollux yelled out a scream of pain and clutched the pained area. Then Alodia raised her arms and used her magic.
All of the shadows crept in slowly, and were started emanate an aura of light. Each shadow slowly molded into figures of darkness, becoming towering and unhuman. They formed sunken eyes and long tongues slithered out of the eyes, flicking at Pollux. They slowly wrapped around his body, covering him gradually and touching every single space they could. Alodia looked unaffected by the shadows, but Pollux was screaming.
When a struggling Pollux was completely wrapped in shadows except for his face, Theo stepped up in front of him.