
Dan povIt had been 2 months since phil killed him self. I was in rehab. The docter asked "how did this addiction start?" I sighed and said "well....~~~~~~I turned on my younow and tweeted "ON YOUNOW! GO SEE MY NEW CRISIS!" I yelled from my room to phil's right before the younow began "I'AM LIVESTREAMING DONT DO ANYTHING WEIRD" he yelled back "OKAY" I smiled a bit. He made me happy....as a friend. All our fans think we're dating but its really just us being really close friends. The livestream came on and i said "hi guys!" I started talking about drones the new MUSE album when phil knocked on the door and said "may i come in?" He had something in his hand. I sarcasticly rolled my eyes and said "rude" he laughed and he git next to me. I said "so phil what is soooo important that you had to interupt my livestream" i chuckled. Phil blushed ad kneeled down. My voice shaky as i said "Ph-Phil?" The chat going crazy. He said "Daniel James Howell would you marry me?" I blushed. The chat almost broke. I didnt like him that way. Thats when i said "Phil you're late its april 2nd!" He just looked at me. I said "haha nice joke phil!" The chat turmed into sad face emojis. Phil nervously laughed and said "haha ya happy april uh...second fool! Haha!" I laughed. he quickly shuffled out of the room. I said "well thats alot of action for one live stream! I guess I'll end it early!" I said bye and logged off. I got up and hurried to Phil's room. "What the hell phil? Why did you pull a prank during a live stream! What the fuck?" He murmured "I'am sorry" i said "iam sorry...i just...my girlfriend thinks there is something between us." He said "oh...i wont..do that again then." I patted his shoulder and said thanks.Phil loved me But i didnt know. About a month after the liveshow i proposed to my girlfriend on a trip to hawaii. She of course said yes. Phil was by me. He started crying. I lookef at him worried and he said "they're tears of joy Dan "I'am proud of you" little did i know those were not tears of joy. I planned the wedding for next year. Alot of fans were sad but they got used to it. The next year at the wedding of course phil was my best man. When i kissed my new wife he broke down crying ran down the aisle got a cab and drove away. I had to keep my wedding going. I wasnt really happy. Phil not being there but i just pretended to be happy. That night my wife decided to do what most couples do after their marriage. Sex. When we "did it" i didnt really feel a spark. Am i supposed to feel a spark. A feeling of safeness and pleasure? Becuase i felt horrible the whole time. A couple weeks after being together.....married. I never heard of phil. But one night i got a call from Chris. He was sobbing. My wife said "is chris alright?" He talked to me and i broke down. She saud "what happened?!" I said "Ph-Phil....he killed himself." She started crying too. After 2 weeks we got a divorce. She couldnt stand me. With my sleepless nights and my crying all day. I had posted a video off phil killing himself on his channel already since he had trusted me with his password. After the divorce it had been a week. A month since phil died. I didnt even go to the funeral. I posted a video on my channel with phan monatages saying goodbye. I found out within this month of phil being dead that i loved him. His blue eyes. Pale skin. Every little chuckle amd smirk from him. I was falling in love to a dead man. How? I thought about killing myself but i couldnt bring myself to it. I knew Phil would want me to be happy so i decided i will be happy. I got onto drugs amd pretended phil never happened. I was happy. Hooking up with guys everynight with my nose filled with cocaine. That's when cat came to visit me one day and found me smoking weed. She got me and took me to rehab. She knew it was for the best and i knew that too. ~The docter said "so you're a drug addict because you fell inlove with a dead man?" I nodded "yes sir." He held my hand and said "you know what? i'll let you of here for one thing." I said "yes?" "Phil wants you happy. But he wants you to be happy in a good way." I nodded "y-yes and?" He smiled and said "no. Drugs." I smiled a bit amd said "okay" i for the next three months i arranged an adoption for a little boy. I named him phil. I wanted a son but i knew i would never be able to fall in love with someone again. So i was a single dad. I got better and hung out with my friends got my youtube running again. My son phil ended marrying louise's daughter. -Dan howell died at the age of 90 due to a heartattack. people at his funeral said it was a shame he died alone being so handsome. But his son knew he hadnt died alone. Becuase he died with his friend phil in his heart and his son phil beside him.