
"Lethe? It sounds familiar, like I recognize it for some reason. Anyway, chica, is there anything else you have to tell us?
"No, that's about all I can think of. Can we go back to finding the thief now?" Lethe was anxious; they wasted time as she explained to them everything. She didn't want to lose the thief now, when they were so close.
"Sure, if you know where to go next. Tell me, what should we do right now?"
Lethe opened her mouth, and then closed it. Honestly, she didn't really know where next to go. Where were they supposed to be right now?
"I see. I take that you weren't able to see where the thief went. Do you remember what he looks like this time?"
"Yes! Tanned skin, blond hair, and really big blue eyes. He's also kind of tall." Lethe was never going to forget his appearance ever again for the rest of her days.
"Good. That's a start. Now, where do we go? Alodia, you've been quiet for some time. Maybe you have ideas?"
Alodia nodded. "I do. I was thinking that we should find out what the talisman can do, so that we can find out where the thief will go next to activate the talisman's magic. It's not like a regular amulet; talisman's have bigger kinds of power, and thus need help to activate them."
"Hm, not a bad idea, honestly," Theo remarked with a small smile on the curl of his dry lips. "If there was a place in Troy that could activate the talisman's powers, then it would've gotten destroyed in the war. He probably is trying to get out too. We should find a library and go research it then."
"Where do we find a library?" Lethe asked. "I mean, we're at some ruins where everything is smashed into a million pieces. Where do we find an entire building dedicated to scrolls and lore?"
"I can show you," shouted an unfamiliar voice.
They all jumped and looked at where the voice came from. From inside one of the broken houses, a small boy, malnourished and dirty-looking, started walking up to them.
"There are still some buildings that weren't destroyed in the war. One of them is our great stone library, which holds a lot of scrolls and tablets that you may like."
"How long have you been standing there?" Theo asked without a single moment of hesitation.
"Just came here recently. I was just walking by when I heard your voices from over there. I walked closer to listen, and then I heard that you wanted to go to a library. That's why I offered to help, since I know where the library is."
Alodia grinned widely, and replied, "Thanks! Do you think you can lead us to where the library is, then?"
"Sure. Just follow me." Then the boy started walking past Lethe and the rest to wherever the library may be. Alodia scampered ahead and started talking to the boy.
Lethe started to follow, but then Theo pulled on her shoulder. "What?" she asked him.
"Look, I'm not Alodia, and neither are you, which means that neither of us totally trust the guy, right?"
"Of course I don't trust the guy. He's a complete stranger and you  expect me to believe that he's going to bring us to the library out of kindness? No way."
"Good. Make sure to keep an eye on him, and Alodia as well." Then Theo pulled Lethe to go follow the guy to the library.
They started walking past the debris and rocks and bones that lay in front, beside, and at the back of them. Lethe wondered about how to war went, and how many lives were lost in the whole thing. Were they worth it, for a love that wasn't even theirs to begin with?