
Lethe let go of the mermaid's mind, and she opened her eyes. She found herself facing Argos, with the mermaid in her hands. He asked her, "Why was she trying to kill the frog?"
"Immature reason, really," Lethe replied lazily. "She was making her delivery when the frog disturbed her and she dropped the goodies."
Argos shrugged. "Eh, she was not really bad. She could have lost her job if she lost her shipment. If she were not harming another creature's life, she would get away with no punishment."
"Don't you think she deserves the punishment? Come on, Argos, do you really think she's innocent for having a decent reason to kill a living creature?"
"Lethe, I never said that. I just mean that everything isn't in just black and white. Plus, it was just a frog, not another of the merfolk. Anyway, she should get to finish her job at the very least. What were the goodies she dropped?"
Lethe rolled her eyes. Argos could be a little too forgiving in this job, not to mention stubborn; she used to argue a lot more, but he'd always win. "Pearls, probably from the Terrian Ocean. Terrain pearls are the best."
Argos closed his eyes, and held out his arm. Lethe watched as a vibrant yellow energy seeped from the hand and flowed towards the river floor. After some while, the magic came back, with several pearls floating back up. The pearls went in Argos' outstretched hand, and he enclosed his fingers around them. He used his magic to also retrieve the bag, where he placed the pearls, after which he placed the bag in the delivery mermaid's hands. Then he looked at Lethe and said, "Her memory of the frog is gone, right? Then she can head back to a normal life. I will stay with her until she wakes up so that I can explain. You should go back to your post."
Lethe nodded. "Sure. You're so lucky you've got the super cool sense-and-get powers."
"Me, lucky? You're the one with the rare ability of memory erasing, or whatever you call it. Aren't you the lucky one?"
Lethe gave a small laugh. "Heh, thanks. It is really cool. Just wondering I'm ever going to use them for anything good. I mean, so far, all they've been used on are criminal masterminds like The Delivery Girl Who Hates Frogs. Nothing much happens in the Tallan Tributary."
"Well, I guess that's a good thing. At least there's peace here, right? Besides, those powers might come in handy one day."
Lethe shrugged. "I guess. See you," she called out as she swam away, back to her station.
She just swam leisurely, when she felt some vibrations from the surface. Lethe poked her head through the surface, making sure to keep her gills on her neck underwater. She tried looking around, but the surroundings seemed blurry. Light had appeared out of the darkness. The cloudy night sky barely illuminated the Tallan Tributary, but it was enough for Lethe to make out a figure on a boat. The figure was standing, and then it crouched down and slowly descended into the water.
Lethe couldn't just attack them - that would break the peace treaty with the land dwellers - but she wouldn't let the person roam around her river without her watching. She slowly descended into the water, careful not to make a splash, and hurriedly swam towards the direction of the person.
Just what were they doing here?