
The man stopped charging forward, and stopped, dazed and confused. "Wh- what happened?"
Then Lethe realized that she used her powers. Shoot.
Theo walked up to the man. "Do you know what happened earlier?"
"Wh- who are you? I- I was just sleeping with my wife last I remember then- nothing. I just woke up here."
"Ah, I see. Where were you sleeping with her?"
"I- in the little homes that the royals had built for us, after the war happened."
"Alright. I think the homes are over there," Theo said as he pointed towards the direction where the man came from. "I'm sure that if you just walk straight, you'll find the homes and your wife as well."
"W- well, thanks," the man said shakily as he started walking towards home. As he did, he looked at the spear in his hand and muttered, "Why was I carrying this?" And he disappeared into the horizon.
Theo turned around and faced Lethe, arms on his waist and a very curious look on his face. "Now, Lethe, do you remember what happened earlier?"
"Yeah..."
"Then tell me what just happened."
"The man forgot some of his memories for some reason?"
"For some reason? I think you had a great hand in helping him forget, chica. Would you kindly explain to us what just happened earlier?"
"Er..." Lethe started backing away, not knowing what to do. Why'd you do that, Lethe, you stupid girl?
"Don't feel like explaining, do you? Now worries; we can just wait here all day for you to tell us, while your thief gats away to wherever he wants to go. Aren't you glad that you have such patient friends?"
See what you have gotten yourself into, Lethe? It is entirely your fault if they find out!
"Now that I thought about it, I haven't even gotten your name yet, right? I didn't think that I would need to – I thought that I could just drop you off at the labyrinth and that's it – and yet, here I am, stuck at the Ruins of Troy with the two of you. Since we didn't come out of a passageway in the labyrinth, I assume that it broke during the war, and now we'll have to find another way back into the labyrinth. Normally, I wouldn't follow some stranger out into an unknown area, but I," he gestured to Alodia, "owe her my life for an incident that happened long ago. I do not want her to get hurt."
Neither do I, Theo, but can I trust you to help one of the merfolk, an enemy of your kind?
"Actually," Theo raised a hand up to his face and stroked his beard thoughtfully, "Alodia seems to have known you for only a short time, if I guessed so? And yet, she's willing to go with you on a possibly perilous journey. Just how much does she know you? Alodia, what do you know of her?"
Alodia shook her head. "Nothing, honestly."
"Wow, she knows nothing and yet you've let her join you for no particular reason at all? I wonder how you could be so heartless to not give her anything, while she gives you her everything."
Lethe looked at Alodia, like really looked at her. And she saw her: she saw her curls dropping lifelessly on the side, the pale skin looking sickly right now, the amount of dirt that was all over her face and body, and the scratches and bruises gotten from the near crash from earlier. But what broke Lethe's heart were Alodia's eyes; instead off the bright green that spoke of the life in the forest and trees, they looked so dull and full of disbelief, as if she were asking Lethe, Can I even trust you anymore?