
They traveled until they found one of the villages that held recuperation houses. One of the houses served as the banquet hall, where all of the people dine at.
Lethe enjoyed eating human food. Human food had taste and subtle flavors and textures that weren't available in fish food. Today, Lethe ate for lunch what humans called a sandwich. It had two slices of brown wheat bread that was enclosed over one slice of yellow salty cheese, then the whole thing would be roasted over a fire. It tasted extremely delicious, and it matched with her white milk drink.
After lunch, Theo went out to go ask people about the thief. He left the girls with one clear rule: stay here or else.
So the two girls just sat there, waiting for Theo to return. Lethe was starting to get bored. How come Theo wouldn't let them come with him? It seemed really unfair that he got to go but they had to stay. They could take care of themselves.
Alodia decided that he was bored enough and tried to start a chat with Lethe. "So..." she started the great conversation. "What kind of childhood did you have?"
"What do you mean by that?"
"You know, like how was it? What did you do? What kind of games did you play in the river? Did you go to school? How were you parents?"
"What are parents?"
Alodia just looked at Lethe with an expression that was mixed between disbelief and pity. "That has got to be the saddest thing I've ever heard. You don't know what parents are?"
"Nope. Not at all."
Alodia crinkled her face in confusion. "Then what does a merfolk's family look like? Do you guys even know what a family is?"
"No."
"Then how were merfolk raised? How do you guys even reproduce?"
"Female merfolk lay eggs on the bottom of the river floor. Male merfolk fertilize the eggs. The eggs burst and babies come out. The strong survive, and the weak die."
Alodia's jaw dropped. "You guys don't even take care of the weak ones?"
"Well, the elder merfolk attempt to help the weak ones, but they usually die too quickly to actually survive until the end of life. Why?"
"Because... because it's just wrong to let a poor, living, breathing soul just die, all because it's weak. Do you merfolk have compassion for any of them? Do you even love each other?"
"Well, love exists, but I don't usually see it all around. Besides, isn't it kinder to let them die? Like, rather than live an entire lifetime of pain because you were never meant to be here, you get to rest in peace wherever death takes you to?"
"Then who decides that a soul was never meant to be here? One of the elder merfolk to apparently help these poor unfortunate souls? Or the other baby merfolk that hatch out of their eggs? Or is it you, because that's what you believe in? Shouldn't a person decide whether they want to keep living or not?"
"I... I'm not really sure. If they really wanted to live, then wouldn't they have survived the trials of birth?"
"Well, then, Lethe. They're just children. Do you really expect to believe that a child would know how to take care of themselves ever since they were a babe? Do you really expect a baby to take care of itself alone?"
"Well, I suppose not really. It's just that ever since I was little, that was what I was raised to believe. I didn't really think about it any other way. We've always done it that way."
"Then maybe you should try it a different way. Then your species wouldn't be so endangered."