
After some time – well, a long time honestly – of walking, they finally reached a large building, square in structure and made out of marble. It had a lot of damage shown by the multiple scratches and a chip in its face, but it was still standing up, which was better condition than all of the houses that they had seen earlier.
"Well, this is the library!" Pollux brought out a hand and showed off the antique building. "Want to come inside?"
"Of course!" Alodia shouted as she quickly and excitedly went inside the library. Lethe and Theo soon followed, and then Lethe was trapped in shock and awe.
There were millions of scrolls, too many to count. It seemed like the marble shelves were overflowing with them. Although the building's wall made up for most of its outer appearance, the inside was so spacious that Lethe couldn't believe that there were enough scrolls to fill up the shelves. In fact, she were sure that it would talk her years before she would finish reading all of this.
Theo seemed perplexed though. "How will we know where to find information on what we're looking for?"
"Well," Alodia said cheerfully as she picked up a scroll and started scanning it, "we're going to have to check each and every one then, unless there's something kind of system the scrolls. Pollux, do you know the system?"
Pollux shook his head. "My brother and I rarely went to the library. We were more fond of roaming around the city and checking out all sorts of stuff at marketplaces and the other buildings. We never got to learn to read anyway."
Alodia pouted as she rolled up the scroll and placed it back. "That's a bummer."
"In that case," Theo said as he checked out a scroll in another bookshelf, "we'll have to keep looking until we have some scrolls that have the word talisman in them. We have no other choice, if there's no other way to narrow down the choices."
They started getting scrolls, scanning them and putting them back. Lethe got her first scroll, and opened it.
The planetary motions and their velocities, by...
Lethe rolled up the scroll. It was completely useless, and she didn't even understand what was being written there. She placed the scroll back, and got the next one.
The Star Catalogue, with 1025 Stars and their Locations, by...
Also totally worthless. Lethe wondered if there was even a chance that she'd find information here about the Talisman of Dreams. There were at least a thousand scrolls, and there were only three of them scanning through all of them.
Lethe finished the entire shelf, and she started getting irritated. None of the scrolls were remotely close to talismans. In fact, they were all about space and heavenly bodies and whatever was beyond man's reach. Lethe started on the next shelf, which was also about stars for some strange reason.
"Theo," Alodia called out to him. "I'm getting nowhere. All of these scrolls are about the journey of this one dude who wants to get back to his wife. It's totally not related to whatever the Talisman is."
"Same, only I've gotten some scrolls on stars," Lethe added.
Theo shook his head. "I'm not really getting anywhere too. All of these scrolls are about the nine muses."
Suddenly, Lethe realized something. "Hey, guys, I think I might have an idea on how we can speed up our search for the scroll we need.
"What's your idea?"
"Well, all of the scrolls on one shelf are related to one topic, right? Like Alodia's current shelf is all about some dude, while Theo has the scrolls on nine muses, and I have scrolls on stars and stuff. Maybe this means that all of the scrolls on one shelf, or more, are related to one topic? Then if we find a shelf dedicated to magical artifacts, maybe it would be in there."