
♡ Prologue ♡
----------------------
"Sir, we are picking up strong, alienated signals coming from SouthWest of Hoenn." A female agent strolled in, her heels clanking against the metal floors. Her dirty blonde hair struck out everywhere, despite it being in a bun.
"Get as close to it as you possibly can. I don't want to be the last person to discover such feat." A burly man sat at the desk, looking at local news reports. Junk.
"Yes, sir." With that, the woman left and the man continued his search of something of importance.
"Calling all units," The woman began through the P.A. "Report to launch bay in ten minutes. I repeat, report to launch bay in ten minutes." She quickly trecked to said launch bay, staring into the thundrous crowd of several agents. She cleared her throat loudly, gaining their attention.
"As you all have known, I called you here because of something important. Just minutes ago, we have reported something alien-like appear near the town of Petalburg. We need a few of you to go investigate while the rest of you go and take care of our original plan of business. If you so desire to come, I will be right here. However, those who do go, I can't guarantee your safety. Fear as it is, we strongly do not know who or what this may be. Please, step up, my brave allies, and conquer what needs to be controlled!"
It was all silent before two agents stepped up. The woman smiled.
"And it seems we have our two winners! And while they are on that mission, we have another mission that ties up well with that one." She gave both agents a quirky smile before dismissing everyone else.
"Alright, you two. Here is what I need you to do. First, get to said town, got it? One of you investigates while the other collects the Devon goods. Force, if necessary. Now, after you recover the goods, report back here to continue our next step. Fail, and there would be some serious reprocussion." A harsh glare was sent to the agents. They nodded quickly and absconded from the lair.
"Now, all we have to do is prepare, for both the good and the worst." The woman adjusted her glasses and went back to her lab, staring at the radar that showed where the stressed signal was located.
"Who or what are you? And why have you come..?"
----------------------
BOOM!
Prologue done! I liked this one better. This is a re-written prologue version.
If you please, could you comment how I did with this? I had worked hard on this, making me delete the old one and rewrite it. XD anyway, see you guys in the first chapter!