
Story Summary: Louis hurts himself. When Harry finds out, he blames himself.
Warning: self harm, triggering
Louis sighed blissfully, the blade cutting through his skin on his wrist. The blood dripping down his left arm lifts the pain away. The pain of knowing you're not good enough for anyone and you're fat and what people say about you is true but mostly knowing your best friend will never love you the way you love him. Because he deserves so much better and he's straight. He wouldn't love me anyway, Louis thought, I'm stupid and fat and ugly and a boy.
Louis got up from his place on the floor next to the tub. He grabbed the towel from its place on the counter wrapping it around his wrist, tightly and securely. Once the blood stopped flowing, he bent down to open the cabinet under the sink and placed the blade back in its respective hiding place. He walked out of the bathroom and threw the towel into the washing machine in the laundry room, turning it on so Harry wouldn't see it. This would be the only time Louis would do the laundry in their house and he hoped Harry wouldn't ask why.
-
The boys were over at Louis and Harry's flat to hang out because they haven't done that in a while. It's not that Louis didn't mind them coming over but he really wanted to spend some time with Harry today. At the moment they were all watching some show on the tv in the living room. Harry was sprawled across the couch his arms under his head with Louis cuddling up to him while the rest of the boys sat on the floor. Harry shifted so Louis slipped a bit from his arms but harry quickly reached back to get him, snuggling with him again. Louis looked up at Harry and smiled fondly as he watched him watch tv, oblivious to Louis' feelings, oblivious to Louis and looked over his face. He was so beautiful and his face was perfectly sculptured and his green, green eyes and his smile was genuine and perfect. Louis sighed quietly, and snuggled up to Harry more, who tightened his arms around him.
Louis looked back to the screen but saw Niall looking at him, an eyebrow raised. Louis mouthed 'what?' to him but Niall shook his head. He got up and went into the kitchen silently signaling Louis to follow. Louis was about to get about when Harry made a disapproving noise and pulled Louis back down. "Where ya going Lou, stay with me." Harry whispered to him. "Just the kitchen mate, I'll be right back." Louis whispered back, watching Harry nod as he left.
"What Niall?" Louis asked, though he knew what he wanted to talk about. "Why were you staring at Harry?' Niall asked. Louis shrugged. "'Dunno what you're talking about." He said acting as if nothing was going on. But everything was going on. Niall gave him a look that read really because you were just staring at harry like he was a walking angel. "Ok fine, so maybe I like Harry." Louis mumbled, wanting to get rid of the pressure he felt under Niall's gaze. "Knew it, so when are ya gonna tell him?" He asked because he obviously didn't realize he couldn't tell him. "I'm not..." Louis trailed off making it sound like a question. "Why not? He obviously likes you too." Niall says confused. "Because I'm fat and ugly and stupid and I have a stupid voice and he's him! He is perfect beyond belief and he deserves someone equally as perfect. Oh, yeah not to mention he's straight." He said maybe too loud, hoping nobody heard. Louis didn't notice but during his small rant he moved his arms through the air for emphasis and his sleeves had rolled up. Both of them. Niall could see his cuts.
Louis looked up at Niall with his arms still in mid-air and saw a look of shock written across his pale face. He followed Niall's eyes to his left arm where new and old white lines were visible. Louis gasped in horror and pulled his sleeves down, running out of the kitchen and to his bedroom bathroom, locking the door.
-
Harry, Liam and Zayn heard two loud bangs, picking their heads up to see what happened. Then Niall walked in looking a bit shocked and sad. "What happened Ni?" Liam asked. "Where's Louis?" Harry, of course, asked. "I wanted to talk to him about..um..something and I guess I made him a little upset." Niall said, making it sound more like a question than a statement. "What'd you two talk about then?" Zayn asked. "Uh..." Niall hesitated, looking towards Harry. Niall sighed. "He's gonna kill me," he mumbled. "I saw him staring at Harry and thought he'd like to talk about it...and um, he stormed out." Niall said leaving the most important part out. "You're leaving something out Ni, I can tell. What else happened?" Liam asked. "Why was Louis staring at me?" Harry said, confused.