
Meanwhile, Alodia chatted nonchalantly with the boy. She looked back at Lethe and Theo, and then motioned for them to join the chat. Lethe jogged up a bit, and started listening along.
"Hey, Lethe! This guy is named Pollux apparently. Really cool name, right?"
Pollux blushed. "I guess. It would be better if it started with some other letter, like S. Personally, I think my brother had a better name."
"Oh, you have a brother? That's so nice! I was an only child sadly. What's the name of your brother?"
"His name is Castor. He was the coolest bro I ever had. We went together everywhere, and he would make sure that I would get whatever I wanted. One time, I mentioned that it would be really delicious if we added olives to our food, then he went out and got me olives really fast! It was really nice of him to do that, especially since we haven't met out parents ever. But he always made sure that I felt loved with him."
"Aw, that's so sweet of him! Where is he right now? I want to meet him!"
Pollux looked sad, then turned away his face. "You can't."
"Huh? Why not?"
"He died in the war. Someone accidentally shot him as we were seeking shelter. I was the one who buried him."
"Oh..."
"Yeah. I miss him so much. I wish I could bring him back, you know? He was the only person who really cared about me."
"Well, you can trust us! We will be your family now. Right, Lethe?"
"Uh. yeah," Lethe said without even knowing what the word family meant.
Pollux smiled. "Thanks, Alodia. I'm sure you'd be the perfect replacement for Castor."
Lethe slowed down a bit to go back to Theo. She didn't really fit in the discussion anyway. She then whispered to Theo softly, "I don't think he's bad."
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah, he seems nice. His name is Pollux and he had to bury someone. He seemed to really care when someone who was close to him died in the war."
"Ah, death. Fastest way to make a person feel everything at once. I suppose he seems real for now, but make sure to stay wary, alright, chica?"
Lethe nodded. "Alright. By the way, can I ask you some questions?"
"What is it you want to ask me?"
"What's a brother?"
"Oh, that's like someone a person is related to genetically, like extremely close. A brother is usually one of the closest people a human being will ever have in their entire lifetime. I'm not sure how to explain it though. Do you know what parents are?"
"What are parents?"
"Ah, merfolk reproduction. Rather fitting for values of familial love, if you ask me. I'll show you later, when I have a scroll where I can draw a diagram for you, alright?"
"Sure." Then she and Theo walked the rest of the trip in silence, just watching Pollux and Alodia chat.