
It was the night of Castiel Novak's senior prom, and he was sweating bullets.
"I don't have anything stuck in my teeth?" Castiel had been checking himself in the rear-view mirror for a good five or so minutes, crinkling his nose as he focused on his own reflection. His face seemed to have popped up with the hellish pink zits and Cas could've sworn his teeth had somehow gotten more crooked despite the time he'd done in braces.
"Let me see." In the driver's seat, Mrs. Novak leaned in a bit, narrowing her eyes and seemingly giving him a full survey before smiling gently. "Nope. All clear."
Trying to gather up his courage, Cas nodded to himself. He stared up at the door, at the little stone path he would have to cross to get there, and shrunk back a little in his seat. Why did this have to be so hard?
"Honey, you look so handsome." Castiel's mother assured, and patted his shoulder before wiping a piece of lint off of the collar. Cas was in a too big suit, his father's trench coat left behind for once in the back of their little family sedan. "He's going to have a great time with you tonight, you'll see."
"Thanks, mom." Castiel shot her a soft smile as he pushed himself up and out of the car, drawing in a sharp breath and letting his eyes close for a moment. Gathering up all his courage, he prepared himself to take the first step forwards when -
"Oh! And I want a picture of you two!"
"Mom, no..."
"Oh come on, please? Just one?" Cas shot his mother a pleading look - how embarrassing would all this be? Like he'd be able to convince Dean Winchester to smile for a pre-homecoming picture. Before he could argue, though, his mother was continuing on. "It's not every day your baby boy goes to homecoming. I mean, the last of my little angels is leaving the nest."
Cas spared one last look at his mother, then started shakily to the door. He knocked three times, and then once more for good measure before putting his hands to his sides and wiping his sweaty palms on the sides of his dress pants, blunt nails biting into the plastic cover of the flowers he held. It seemed like forever, but the door eventually swung open, and there he was.
Dean was dressed in a dark black suit with a dark blue tie, wearing the dumb little smirk that never failed to make Castiel's heart flutter. A pair of eyes the color of a lush woodland gleamed back at Cas, and the shorter man could feel his cheeks grow a little pink and his heart rate pick up just at seeing Dean in this apparel. It was a little odd seeing Dean so formal, but it was great in the same way. His toned figure looked sinful in the well cut suit and the small curve to his lips made it seem as if he truly enjoyed Castiel's presence, and that was what truly lured Cas in. He would fawn over Dean later, though, likely when he wasn't looking.
"H-Hello, Dean." Castiel's voice seemed to have left him, and the floor of Dean's patio was suddenly extremely interesting. Knotted cherry wood, covered in dust and little leaves. The little welcome rug outside the small house was pretty, too, and much easier to focus on than Dean. He didn't want to weird the other man out with his staring.
"Cas!" Dean grinned, "You're so... dressed up! Are you trying to make me look bad?" There was a teasing tone to his voice, leaning a shoulder against the doorframe and biting his bottom lip. Castiel's face fell, glancing up at Dean nervously, but before he could stumble over the right words to form an apology Dean was assuring him, "It was a joke."
Silence choked the air before Cas thrust the bouquet into Dean's hands, blushing and managing to stutter, "This - this is for you."
"Thanks," Dean seemed a little awkward receiving the gift, arching a brow and stumbling back slightly. He held the flowers in his hands, glancing up at Cas before back to the arrangement. "It's - Flowers. They're beautiful."