
"Oh!" Alodia jumped up and down excitedly. "That's the name we found on the paper! He was the one who made the Talisman of Dreams!"
Hyas nodded. "Precisely. When I was trying to find a solution to my problems, I had the chance of meeting Morpheus. I explained to him my situation, and he told me to get the Talisman of Dreams and give it to him."
"So that's why you stole the talisman," Lethe said, finally understanding.
"But what does the talisman do then?" Alodia asked curiously.
Hyas shrugged his shoulders. "Honestly, I'm not really sure. I was just told by Morpheus to bring it to him, since he can do something to it that will help me with what I need to do."
"So you're bringing an artifact of unknown magic to some guy that you have met only once, and you expect him to help you?" Theo remarked. "I know Morpheus, and he is not the kindest person I know. If there's anything you need to know about him, it's that he will do things, primarily for himself, and he's rather moody. If he doesn't feel like helping you, there's a good chance he won't, even if he said he would last time."
"It's a better chance than nothing at all. I just want to get rid of my problem."
"Which is...?"
Hyas looked away. "I'd rather not speak about it currently. I'll tell you when I need to, but not now."
Theo seemed to be getting more exasperated by the minute. "Alright. That is totally believable. Alodia, Lethe, do you really trust this guy?"
Alodia nodded. "If Lethe trusts him, then I do."
Lethe shrugged her shoulders in a defeated manner. "Honestly, not really. But I don't really have much of a choice."
Theo sighed. "Fine, then. Let's go to the Ancient Mountain, shall we? Do you even know where and how to travel to the mountain?"
Hyas pointed northwards. "Troy's passageway to the labyrinth is destroyed, but there's a nearby village we can go to. They'll probably have an entrance there as well."
"Alright. Then let's get started already." Theo stood up and started walking in the direction that Hyas pointed towards. Alodia, Lethe, and Hyas followed him.
"He seems to be a bit moody right now, isn't he?" Hyas asked the others. "I haven't known him for long, but he seems to get angry easily."
"Nah," Alodia replied with a wave of her hand. "Theo's rarely like that. He usually keeps his temper tied up most of the time. He usually keeps You just exasperated him too much. He was really worried when you disappeared, Lethe. He kept searching everywhere for you."
"Really? I didn't think he cared much about me."
"I guess you'd think that, but he cares a lot more than you think. He's just a little cold, that's all. But he's got a big heart."
"Have you known him for long?" Hyas asked Alodia.
"Kind of. We'd been sort of close for a few years now He took care of me for the past year now, actually. He's like my big brother, or my dad."
"How about your dad, Alodia?"
Alodia's expression, for the first time that Lethe had ever seen in her entire time with her, became grim. She turned away from the two others, and replied darkly, "I'd rather not talk about him, please."
"Huh?" Hyas was confused. "But I thought all dads were loving and kind to their children. Yours wasn't?"
"Not at all. I'd rather not talk about him, if that's okay with you."