
Lethe, just like everyone else, was screaming for her life.
The dragon flew fast, and it didn't slow down at all. It didn't help that the dragon seemed to be showing off, so it performed tricks such as loop-de-loops and spins, sometimes flying upside down, even. Just how in the world did no one manage to fall off?
Finally, the dragon swooshed down and forcefully landed on a large clearing, where a meadow of flowers surrounded it. Everyone hurriedly jumped off and Hyas actually went to the far tree just to vomit. The dragon wagged its tail, looking pleased with itself.
Lethe was never going to fly again. Ever.
"I am going to have a talk with Pan for this," Theo muttered under his breath.
"Forget talking, just murder him straight," Hyas said furiously as he came back from the tree.
Alodia went up to the dragon and patted its head. "Thanks for flying us here, big guy."
The dragon roared with happiness, wagging its tail so hard that the tremors were being created again. And then it took off, probably flying back to its home.
They rested for a moment, and Lethe looked around at her surroundings. It was beautiful really; a thousand different shades and tints of colors were coming from little buds that grew from the grounds. So many varieties of flowers were here, and Lethe didn't know a single one of them.
And yet, she was enchanted by them. But it shouldn't be surprising, honestly. Growing up in a dark, murky river where little bright fauna grew gave Lethe a very little palette of colors to describe the world with, especially with her terrible eyesight. But now that she was on land, she could see an entire rainbow of colors scattered everywhere, on the earth and in homes, in the rubble of Troy and the town of satyrs, on various knickknacks and in everyone's eyes. So many colors and Lethe loved each and every single one.
And yet, Theo looked worried about something. He had an anxious look on his face and he kept glancing at the flowers around him. Somehow, Theo was more worried than the rest of the team in the middle of a field of flowers.
Alodia had caught onto Theo's anxiety. She snuck up behind him, put on her biggest smile, and asked, "Theo? Is something bothering you? Do you see anything that we should be worried about?"
Theo shook his head. "No... There's no one in sight that we should attack. It's just, if we're in a meadow that's rather close to the Ancient Mountain, where royalty live, then we might run in a certain someone who's rather protective of her flora."
"Who could you possibly be talking about?"
"I... don't want to say unless we meet here. Let's hurry to the Ancient Mountain, shall we?" Theo started hurrying towards the mountain north of the meadow.
Alodia sighed. "I wish he'd tell us already what we're going to expect."
"You are his closest friend, right?" Lethe asked her. "How come you don't know much about him?"
Alodia scratched her head sadly. "We've gotten really close, especially since we both helped each other in certain incidents a long time ago, but he has never told me much about himself. Theo always was the secretive type, even as close as we are, and that's pretty sad."
They started walking and followed Theo, who kept surveying the area. The meadow of flowers seemed to be endless, and the group was heavily relying on Theo to get them out of the place.
They were just walking when Theo suddenly backed up and forced them to lie down.
"Wait, why are we doing this?"
"Shhhhh!" Hdes wouldn't reply, but his eyes were stuck in place, just staring at the same thing. Lethe looked at where Theo was staring and saw a woman elegantly dressed walking around viewing the flowers.
It was not long before the woman spotted them. She gasped.