
"What intersection? There's nothing here. In fact, we have just walked in straight line going nowhere."
Alodia looked at Lethe directly in the eyes, and Lethe noticed that the bright electric blue seemed to nicely bounce off Alodia chartreuse irises. "That's the magic of the Daedalus labyrinth; the idiots will think like that."
"And only the wise will know how to navigate this place," Theo said coolly. His fingers started tracing one of the runes in a circular manner, and he chanted slowly, with a deep rhythm to his deep voice.
Suddenly, the rune he was tracing glowed a bright green, the same shade as Alodia's eyes, and Theo pulled back his hand. The runes surrounding it started turning green as well. Soon enough, the all off the runes near Theo, Alodia, and Lethe had turned bright green, and then Theo touched the first rune. That rune became blindingly white that Lethe had to close her eyes and block the light. When she looked back, she saw that the runes had started shimmering and rippling, like a giant puddle on the wall, and that the other side seemed to be a different place than where she was. Theo gestured to the portal and said to Lethe, "See? Not everything is as it seems."
Then Theo turned around and stepped through the portal carefully, his right foot being the last to disappear. The dogs followed after him, strangely too calm for an animal. Alodia looked at Lethe, pulled on her arm, and then pulled her into the portal.
Lethe felt a spasm going through her body, and she felt like she was going to throw up. Her blood was painfully moving through her body, and she put her free arm around her waist, wrapping it around as hard as she could. She closed her eyes as tightly as she could, and clenched her teeth, wondering if this would help her endure through the pain. This was certainly the most painful thing in her life, and she was forcibly changed from a mermaid to a human body last night!
When the pain finally settled down, and all Lethe could feel was numbness in her muscles, she opened her eyes. Everything was blurry, and her head was aching badly, so Lethe knew it wasn't just her bad eyesight. She was now lying in something soft and dry, but rather itchy. Her body was sore, and she realized that she wasn't holding Alodia anymore. Where did she go?
Lethe finally focused on her surroundings, and she saw that she was in a large room, almost as if the ceiling were the sky itself. She noticed the dark marble walls, the exact same ones as the hallway they were walking in earlier. There were also glowing blue engravings, but not as many as the ones in the hallway. Instead of being scattered around and each rune closely surrounded by many other one, the runes were in clusters, and giant gaps separated each group. Lethe wished she could see the minor details of the room, but alas; merfolk's eyes were terrible.
She looked around some more, slowly getting up. She noticed that she was lying in a bed of grass, which explained the itchiness. She resisted the minor urge to scratch herself as she looked around the room for Theo and Alodia. She saw very few people around the room, around ten only, and Alodia wasn't one of the people she saw. Theo was talking to another man, while his dogs waited patiently beside him. Lethe moved around in the grass bed, hoping she'd find Alodia somewhere in this pile of green. She soon saw some auburn hair hidden beneath some of it, so Lethe started plucking off the individual strands of grass. After a while, the face of Alodia was unearthed, her eyes closed as if she was sleeping.
"Alodia?" Lethe whispered tentatively, hoping that the girl was awake.
Sure enough, one eye slowly opened, and then the other followed suit. "Hey, Lethe," she muttered hoarsely, "Talk about a rough start to our journey together."
"Eh, the day at the market was really fun," Lethe tried to console her friend as she helped Alodia sit up. "Do you feel well?"