
I do not own Kane chronicles or HoO/PJO
Carter
It was the morning after movie night. Sadie has been acting weird ever since last night. I had to admit, my memories had been really fuzzy that night. All I remember is the movie, and comming out of the gym, after that it gets fuzzy. Very. It was like I've been hypnotised. Well, Zia and I were on the way to nome 1 when we got seperated. Badly. Today, I'll be telling you the story about Golden Eyes Girl.
4 weeks after Boy in black.
"Carter, I think we should pay a visit to Nome 1. Just to make sure everythings alright. Can we go?" Zia Asked me."Sure. I'm just afraid that Sadie might-" I started but she cut me off."It's Okay Carter. Walt is here to take care of her. Thought she'd been acting stange lately. What do you think happened?""I'm, I'm really not sure. Everything is fuzzy from movie night. I do think thats when it started. Something must've happened, I-I don't remember.""I don't either. I asked Walt and he had the same response. Whatever Sadie saw or experienced must have effected her. Felix said the usual happed here, but he also said that the Police came to the Brooklyn Academy the same night. Something did happen.""Maybe we should go to Nome, It might take some stress off us....""Maybe. Be ready at 12:00pm K?""Yeah, okay. we won't be telling anyone but Walt right?" "Right.""Mmkay." and I went to pack.
*At 11:50 am*
Zia was talking to Walt, probably telling him to take care of the house and stuff. He waved a see you later wave at us and we left for the airport.
*At the Airport*
Zia said that when she tryed to open to the duat closest to nome 1, It woulde'nt budge, so we where stuck going on the airport. Good thing my pass was always in my suitcase and that Zia thought of a plan to get to egypt without duat traveling. As we bored the plane, I catch a glimse of a man, staring at us from the seating section, and has a wicked evil smile on his face. I have no clue what he means. I can't wait to go on the plane! (Note the sarcasm on both sentences.)
On the plane, I kept looking out of the window. Im not sure why. I kept waiting, and waiting and waiting, untill i spoted some birds flying near my window. They slowed down and somehow dissapered. I tryed looking at what had happended to the birds, but all i saw was a bloody airplane propeller that stoped moving. No! I thought. The plane stoped moving forwards and was decending quickly directly to the ground. No no no no no no no no no! My mind yelled at itself. We where going to crash! Zia was clutching me arm, untill the impact came. A jolt of pain shot through my body. There was barely any light to see fully, but i saw someones eyes. "Zia?... Zia! over here!" I called to her. Her golden eyes looked strait into mine.... "Who are you? where am i? Why is it dark?" she started asking questions."It's me Carter! your boyfriend! We were in a plane and It crashed. I'm not sure why it's dark Zia." "Who's Zia? My name is Hazel. I was in Californa with my brother."Zia closed her eyes and picked up something. I swear It might be Zia. The plane crash must have done something with her head. I saw no one else with eyes like Zia's on the plane. Really. She pushed against whatever she picked up, upon the wall creating a smokey smell. A fire was lit and I could finally see. Instead of Zia, I saw a 14 years old looking girl, dark, curly hair, and pure gold eyes. On the belt, held a bronze sword."Who are you. Your not my brother. And were on the roof of my place in Californa. My name is Hazel, Hazel Levesque.""Carter Kane, where'd you put Zia?""Who's Zia?""my Girlfriend.""I don't know anyone named Zia, and I told you, i was in Californa with my brother. Where are we?""I'm not sure."Hazel frowned. And asked"Do you have any water by any chance?"I pulled out a water bottle i shoved earilet today in my bag. I dunno how it got here with me, I swear.