
*Flash, Flash*
Cameras flashed all around the foyer of the Cleveland Browns stadium to welcome first round draft pick Casey Wilson. He couldn't tell if he was starry eyed from signing his first professional contract or if it was just the cameras blinding him. Regardless, he was fulfilling his dream and already pondering his future career. He'd heard it all during the combine, "bust", "superstar", "role-player", no one could seem to agree on the impact he'd have in the league. His own stirring gut feeling underneath all his excitement told him that he wasn't certain either.
His General Manager bumped him on the shoulder to snap him back to earth and whispered to him to sign the contract. Also that he'd been stuck in the same flashy tooth smile for a few minutes now. He'd dropped his pen from shaking excitement and fear. There were lots of large words on some official document that he hadn't bothered to read, but he was distracted by all the zeros on the bottom. His GM had to help him pick up the pen and steady his hand enough to sign his name at the bottom.
"Casey Wilson" he signed huge over the document in a garbled chicken scratch garnished with a dot at the end.
The moment he dashed the dot on the page his heart stopped. Evidently everyone around him had as well, for a prolonged period of time. No one moved, not even a blink. Surely this wasn't his excitement. The lights overhead shut off, leaving only the sunlight pouring through the glass entry way. His excitement whooshed out the door as they flung open by themselves. Fog creeped its way in the open door though it was a clear skied day. It grew denser until he could only see the table in front of him. The reporters and camera snaps disappeared into the darkness behind the fog. Before he could get up in a rush of adrenaline, the empty chair opposite side of his GM flung itself around the other side of the table.
"Please stay seated Mr. Wilson." A voice spoke out of the fog.
"Where are you? What's happening?" Casey demanded.
The fog surrounding him shifted into the chair across from him and took shape as a man in a suit with no face. The figure's head was like nothing he'd seen. It was transparent, yet black. A formless wisp of smoke protruding from a suit. It held a roll of paper somehow in its equally formless hands. It was as if the figure spoke directly into his mind in a whisper.
"Congratulations on signing your professional football contract Mr. Wilson, but I have a few other proceedings for you before you begin your new life."
"What do you mean?" Casey wondered.
"Surely you want success in your career don't you?"
"Of course." Casey thought it was a ridiculous question.
"Then I have a series of offers for you, one of three wishes I can grant to you." The figure slyly slithered into his ears.
"Wishes? Such as what." Casey asked curiously.
"You may choose one of the following. No more, no less."
The shadowy figure in the suit across from him unraveled one of the sheets of paper in his hand.
"The first, you will win multiple championships, but be a marginal player who makes a low salary and is forgotten. Your salary will last you until your playing career is over"
That option wasn't too bad he thought. He would proudly wear his championship rings where he went. Though the aspect of being an average citizen wasn't too enticing to him. He had dreams of Canton, the hall of fame. The figure began to unravel another paper.