
Lethe woke up with the biggest possible smile on her face. Sure, she was in the bed in a strange position for most of the night - she had woken up halfway through to move herself to a more comfortable position – but now, she felt fully rested and raring to continue her job. Huh, who knew that resting had its perks?
But even if she felt much better, she knew that she couldn't stay still for long. After all, she wanted the talisman back! She hurried to change her outfit – when Alodia was shopping with Lethe at the market the other day, she said that everyone changed their clothes each day - which comprised of a long-sleeved white shirt and cotton shorts. She also found on the bedside table a circular object that resembled the tie she used before to tie her hair into a bun, which she promptly did in that moment. After she was done, she hurried out of the door with her bag slung on her shoulder.
The hallway was long and wide, padded with a viridian carpet that had intricate golden designs. There were two rows of doors on each side, and Alodia wondered if each one would lead to a room similar to hers. Would Hyas and Alodia also be behind one of those doors? Lethe would go and find out if the others were there, if she weren't in a hurry to see the master of this house.
Pan... She tried to recall if they taught anything about the old satyr at training school. If she remembered right, he was not only a satyr, but had royal blood as well? It was strange when the royalty of an entire country consisted of one entire species that may or may not resemble the other citizens living there. The nobility were weird, but they were still the rulers.
Someone called out to Lethe, "Yes, little girl?"
Lethe turned around to find a satyr, tall for one of them, anyway. He was large, with dark brown curls cascading along the edge of his face. His body was fat, at least as fat as a person could be on two hooves. The fur reached up to his torso, where it stopped and would probably be replaced with hair, had the satyr not been wearing a plain white shirt. His eyes were big and modest, warmly inviting Lethe to come over to him, especially with the warm smile he had.
"Are you... are you one of Pan's servants?" Lethe asked him.
The satyr chuckled to himself. "No, little girl. I am Pan. All of my servants are either busy with chores, or still cozy in bed. It's rather early in the morning, after all. Your friends are still asleep as well. How come you decided to get up so soon?"
Lethe stepped forward, hoping that she would look more determined this way. "I need to finish my job. Sir, I ask of you only one thing: would you please tell me how to get to the Ancient Mountain of the Olympians? We seek aid from someone there."
Pan smiled, but this time, it looked as if he were hiding a secret. "Ah, yes. Your friend, the one you call Theo, has told me about your quest, little mermaid. I am still deciding on whether I should tell you how or not. After all, there's only one direct way to go to the Ancient Mountain from here, but it isn't the safest method."
"It's fine if it has a little danger! We've dealt with worse! I just want to hurry and find Morpheus!"
"I know. But you must learn to be patient, little mermaid. Otherwise, you'll end up doing something that you never wanted to do. Not to mention, you have a great chance of irritating Morpheus if you talk to him like that directly. I know several of the royalty that may be able to stand that impertinence, but Morpheus is not one of them. You might as well stop now if you do infuriate him."
"Alright, alright," Lethe said meekly as she stepped back. "But what can I do right now? I want to do something that doesn't involve my bed."
"Then come with me. I can show you around the house." He gestured towards the hallway he came from, before leisurely walking. Lethe hurried up to follow him; it wasn't as if there was much else to do.