
"Okay, I suppose, if my body weren't aching all over. I swear, I loathe this accursed labyrinth with each and every portion of my heart. It can exist, and I'm fine with that, but I never want to be here ever again."
"Do we have to go through the same pain all over again when we get out?"
"Unfortunately, yeah. Let's try to find your guy as soon as possible, and stay far, far away from this place as much as possible, okay?" Alodia shook her head, a little dazed.
They just sat in the hay, recovering from the portal damage, and Theo sauntered over to them after he finished talking to the man. He asked them, "Are you feeling well? You've been out for quite a while."
"Yeah, I guess sucked in and having a crushing sensation all over my body is the greatest way to end my day," Alodia responded sarcastically, glaring at Theo.
Theo smirked. "If you can tell me that, then I'll take that as you being okay. Anyway, I've found out some things that may be helpful."
Lethe nearly hopped out of her place, quickly looking at Theo firmly. "What?"
"Well, none of the people I've been talking to know what the Talisman of Dreams is, which confirms my hypothesis: it's a rather unknown artifact, which means your thief had access to ancient lore which will only be available in certain places. That limits our choices to three places all in all."
"Which places?"
"The Ruins of Troy, the Ancient Mountain of the Olympians, and the Garden of Hesperides. Also, one of the men, the one I was just speaking to, has noted that a young man around your age was asking for directions to the Lugan River, which is a place rather near to where we were. Does this information help you, chica?"
"Actually, yes! That's where I used to be, and that's where he stole the Talisman! That's probably our guy!"
"Well then, that's good, although," Theo raised an eyebrow, "I wonder what you were doing in the Lugan River, especially when that place is the realm of rather territorial merfolk."
"Oh." Lethe was blushing again. She didn't really know how she could respond to that, especially when she hadn't even told Alodia that she wasn't human. "I wanted to go sightseeing near the river, and the merfolk obliged."
Theo' eyebrow stayed raised, while a confused Alodia looked at Lethe.
"I see. Strange that the merfolk would allow such a request, especially from a stranger." Theo turned around. "Anyway, we better continue asking people about him, since he appears to use the labyrinth as well."
Alodia and Lethe got up, and started doing the same thing as Theo. They went to the other people, and asked them all sorts of questions. However, Lethe felt like she had to be extra cautious with her words around humans; they seemed terrified about the questions she asked them, and started backing away whenever she tried to pursue them. What was wrong? Was it the way she phrased the question? She just went for direct: tell me what you know about this man or I'll skewer you with my weapon. Did she have to beat around the hydrilla with humans?
After a rather unsuccessful attempt at being a diplomat, Lethe sighed and went back to the group with a heavy heart. They regrouped and started discussing their results.
"So, how did it go?" Alodia asked, trying to stay cheerful.
Theo shook his head. "I haven't found anything that might be of use."
"I didn't find anything either," Lethe said glumly.