
"Young man," he coolly addressed Pollux with a hint of irritation in his voice, "You want to see your brother's ghost? So be it."
Theo raised his hand to Pollux's head, and then slammed him into the ground. The shadows were whirling around, coming into the ground and taking Pollux with them. Pollux's screams were cut off abruptly as the portal closed.
Lethe's mouth was gaping open. She did not know how powerful her friends were.
Alodia hopped to them with a smile on her face. "Thanks for coming here, guys! I needed some help to get off him. Takes quite some effort to use magic."
Lethe pointed at the darkness around them and stuttered, "You- you just...?"
"Oh yeah," Alodia interrupted Lethe casually. "I don't think I have ever shown you my magic, no? Well, now you know. Now we all know each other's magical powers!"
"Yes, we do now," Theo said with a sigh of relief. "Let's get out of this library now."
"Huh?" The girls said the word in unison, both of them being confused as to why they needed to get out.
"Well, that last spell I did would start to weaken the ground beneath this structure sooner or later. In fact, it was start crumbling, right about..."
The walls started falling down.
"Now."
They started running out of the library as soon as they could, trying to dodge the falling debris. The slight earthquake had thrown off their stability, but they didn't fall down yet. They finally made it out of the temple, just as the entrance was about to fall down. They jumped out, and the building crashed behind them.
Alodia was huffing and puffing like the other exhausted two. "Wow," she said in between her breaths, "That was quite an adventure."
"You got that right," Lethe replied tiredly.
Theo was taking deep breaths and sat down on the ground. He was staring at something and pointed at it. "Girls, there's a piece of a scroll over there."
The two girls walked over to where Theo was pointing. Lethe saw a wedge of paper sticking out of a bunch of rocks. She bent over and pulled it out. There was small writing there, mostly obscured and undecipherable.
And Morpheus, the Wanderer of Dreams, the one who keeps all minds up at night and the creator of the Talisman of Dreams...
"It's here!" Lethe was squealing, practically jumping up and down. "I found it! The Talisman of Dreams!"
"Really?" Alodia looked really excited and tried to grab the paper to see what was written there.
Theo stood up and walked to the back of Lethe and peered closely at the paper. "Hmmm, it appears that Morpheus created your talisman," Theo remarked, with an undertone of musing.
"Who's Morpheus?"
"Morpheus, as stated in the scroll, is the Wanderer of Dreams. He roams the land, peeking into the minds of sentient beings and trying to understand their thoughts. He maintains a mostly physical form most of the time though. I think I know where we can find him, actually?"
"Really? Where?"
"The Ancient Mountain of the Olympians, where the rulers live. Morpheus is related to the royals, you know."
"Wait," Alodia said as she looked at Theo, confused. "If Morpheus is nobility, then he's one of them? The Powerful Ones?"