
Totally worth it.
Okay, maybe her entire body was aching in pain and she had landed on top of a giant marble pillar that may collapse any time soon, but she had cornered her thief, and he was bound to be here, somewhere here, and that meant she was one step closer to finishing her job.
She slowly sat up. She looked around, and she realized that she was on top of a cracked roof. A part of the roof was separated from the rest, and that was where Lethe was. She looked at the ground. Yes, a little high and would probably crack all of her bones in her current state, but if she got down slowly, she'd make it in one piece.
Okay, she slowly positioned herself and got ready to descend carefully...
Then Alodia landed right on top of her.
Just saying, it was extremely painful.
"Ow! Alodia, what are you-"
"That was the thief, wasn't it?" Alodia got off Lethe and looked straight into Lethe's eyes. "And then he escaped here so you decided to chase after him but then he got away and that's why you got into the portal, right?"
"Uh, yeah, but-"
"Oh, Lethe, that was incredibly stupid of you! Were you even thinking when you started chasing after him? Like, wow, great plan to come here but now what? We're stuck in the middle of nowhere, and we have no idea where to go. Heck, he probably escaped as you were too busy trying to recuperate after going through a second portal when you were already tired from the first one!"
"Okay, okay, I made some hasty decisions that may have landed me in a mess but I needed to do them, alright? I have to go after him and I have to get the talisman back! Besides, why did you follow me if this was a bad move then?"
"Because I wanted to keep you safe and make sure you won't get hurt, when you're trying to do the exact opposite of what I want!"
"You have only known me for less than a day."
"It's morning already, so it counts as one day. Plus, I wanted to tag along anyway."
Lethe wanted to argue with this exasperating girl, when he felt a large vibration from below. She then realized that they were still on top of a cracked pillar, and it was going to fall down any moment soon.
And by any moment soon, Lethe meant right now.
It creaked and started crumbling down, taking the girls with them. They screamed for their lives and only hoped that death was not very painful. They landed on something very hard, but still higher up than landing on the ground. Lethe looked at what she landed on, and she saw that they landed on a giant mass made out of gold, pure gold.
Theo looked up at them. "You're going to need me for the rest of your journey, aren't you?"
Theo lowered his hand and the mound of gold slowly descended to the earth. Lethe and Alodia got out of the mount, and the gold slowly went back into the earth.
"I like gold," Theo mused as he watched the girls get off. "It's the world's most expensive clay."
Alodia stared at her friend with a gaping mouth, certainly surprised. "You can control gold?"
"That and other precious metals, crystals, and rocks, as long as it's in the earth."
"How come you never told me?"
Theo shrugged. "Didn't really seem very important."
Lethe looked around, and she realized that something -or things- were missing. "Where are your dogs?" Lethe asked him.