
Another day, another long, seemingly endless 24 hours of sitting in a tower, doing absolutely nothing.
Welcome to my life. Hi, my name is Hanji, and I've been trapped in a tower for my whole entire life. I'm basically alone in here all day long. I never have any visitors- heck, why would I? Nobody knows I exist.
"Sonny," I said to the small chameleon placed upon my shoulder, looking over to him and smiling a little. "What do you think? Does it look like a titan?" I asked, pointing with my paintbrush to the mural I had painted. On it was a large, skinless creature resembling a human, standing maybe 15 feet tall with a human in its hands. Sonny made a little noise, then crawled off of my shoulder and onto the windowsill. It was still fairly early in the morning- 8:00, to be clear.
"I still have all day... Alright, what would you like to do?" I asked, smiling brightly as I placed my hands upon my hips triumphantly. Though it was true, I'm not allowed to leave my tower, mother let me choose the clothes I wanted, so I chose very simple commoner clothes, if you would.
But, the thing is, they aren't exactly women's clothes. They're men's.
Dirt brown trousers, with a white, half sleeved shirt under a vest the same color as my bottoms. And placed atop my head was a pair of goggles. Well, right now they were on my face. It just made me feel like I could do anything, I guess. Plus, if I ever do escape this boring tower, I'll be prepared!
Meanwhile, sonny was perched upon my windowsill, looking longingly out of the window and pointing to it with his tail. So cute. I wanted a titan, but mother said no. So, when he crawled into my window one day, I couldn't say no, y'know?
"No, sonny. I can't leave. I have no way out, unless I want to use my own hair." I reminded, sighing as I picked up one of my long- I mean, LONG- tresses. My hair, where do I start? Well, it's way too long, but mother won't let me cut it. I don't know why. But I still wear it in a ponytail, because I despise it. It makes me look so GIRLY. I really wish I could get it cut. Maybe a pixie cut! Pixies are nice. I enjoy their songs.
Did I mention that I hate this tower? Because I do. I've never left it. Not once. And my 18th birthday is in 3 days! I'm going to be stuck in here for my whole life.
Just great.