
Sonic: Hello everyone! I'm Sonic and I'm your host for Epic Rap Battles of OCs!
Me: Get on with it.
Sonic: And this is my very rude co-host, Eireland!
Me: I'm not rude! I just don't wanna keep the reader waiting.
Sonic: Well, waiting's no fun! Let's get on with it!
Epic Rap Battles of OCs!
Cinos V.S. Dream...!!!!
Cinos: I'll win this easy. *smirks*
Dream: *scoffs and smirks*
Sonic: BEGIN!!!
Dream:
This battle's gonna end like every argument does,
With you kissing my a$ and begging me for a rub!
I made a map, motherf*cker, and I'm reading it, too.
Gives me specific directions how to f*ck with you!
I know that you like to think you're so macho,
But you smell like trash and nachos.
I work while you and your boyfriend, Steve,
Drink and play sports in a fantasy leage!
You're as sharp as a stick that I rub on my lips,
So, go ahead, take a shot. I'm sure that you'll miss!
Like the laundry, the toilet, the grocery list,
If you'd stop f*cking up, I wouldn't have to get p!ssed!

Cinos:
My life was fine 'til you had to come along and wreck it.
Could you please just shut your face for 10 seconds?!
You cry about everything, but can't decide what you want.
"I'm hungry!", "I'm fat!", "I'm cold!", "I'm hot!"
You call it complex, but yo, I'd call you a mess!
You take two hours to come, three more to get dressed!
You got a lotion for this, you got a cream for that,
Got any perfume that smells like "get the f*ck off my back?"
When things are good they're great and it's like I'm dreaming,
Until your junk starts bleeding and you turn to a demon!
It ain't summer Eve, don't try to play me like a douche!
You wanna bite on my fruit? Well you can swallow the truth.

Dream:
Don't even bring up swallow!
The first man on Mobius ain't a tough act to follow!
One pump chump, and you're hung like a weasel.
Pfft, ditch the fig leaf; get yourself a pine needle!
You want alone time? Have it!
In fact, suck your own d!ck, and shave your own back!
That apple's the best thing I bit so far!
Now I see how much of a d!ck you are!