
My best friend Lauren and I grew up in gorgeous Connecticut, about 45 minutes outside of NYC. We are obviously very familiar with the city, also because I went to FIT. Lauren however went to Brown University in RI. I honestly am not a huge city person, I really hate crowds and NYC is wayyyyyy to busy for me. But then again, my entire life I never really wanted to live outside of New England, but today Lauren and I are packing up our Range Rover and UHaul truck, (It's a rental, we don't just casually own a UHaul truck) and headin' out west. We of course have got to make some pit stops, including Nashville, Las Vegas, and someplace in New Mexico where Lauren has a photo shoot for Urban.
"Hey Riley, I got the UHaul, you can take Logan", Lauren said to me early that morning
I looked over at the clock and saw it was 4 in the morning and smiled. Today is the beginning of a huge adventure. Oh and by the way, our Range Rover is named Logan, after Logan Lerman, my biggest crush. Hopefully I will be able to meet him up in LA...
"Laur, I just need to brush my teeth and wash my face and I am ready to go." I said in my sleepiest voice. I jumped out of OUR (Yes I know, since we splurged a little on our LA apartment, we have been renting out a studio apartment in NYC for the past few months, and there is/was only a little space so we share everything. But you know what, we are best friends so it's ok). I was in the bathroom brushing my teeth and Laur walked in wearing a Pink sweatshirt and some Lululemon leggings. Her hair was tied up into a top knot and she wasn't wearing any makeup. She looked so pretty. I alway's tell her she looks prettier without makeup, but she loves to put anything from Sephora on her face.
"Someday you are going to be a supermodel." I said to Laur.
"Haha ya but I like my job at Urban. Now that we are leaving for LA, I will be a huge model for Urban and have many more opportunities to shoot." She said to me.
I braided my hair unto my side and took a last look at our NY bathroom. I know it's weird, but I have alway's been a bit emotionally attached to every place I go to, so I alway's feel sad leaving. I walked out of the bathroom and saw Lauren waiting for me with a sad but hopeful smile on her face. We already said goodbye to our parents last night at a dinner back in Connecticut, so the only thing left to say goodbye to was New York City. We both looked out of one of the few windows in our studio at the busy ,hustling street below. I laughed out loud and Lauren gave me a puzzling look.
I said, "What are we waiting for? Let's go to Cali!"
And she laughed too.
