
"Hey, that's a good idea!" Alodia gave out a loud bellow of happiness. "Let's try doing this: we read the first three scrolls on one shelf. If none of them have anything that may be related to the talisman, then we skip the rest and go to the next shelf. Got it? Then let's do it!"
Theo, Alodia, and Lethe started doing the plan. Lethe grabbed some scrolls, scanned the first few lines, then dropped them back when it was clear that they were totally not helpful. With this plan, she was able to shave off quite some time that was wasted on searching the other books. She only hoped that the other two would be closerto finding success than she was.
Every now and then, Theo would call out to check if the girls were having any success. Right now, he called out loud, "Are you two doing alright?"
"Yeah, just haven't found it," Lethe answered back.
Alodia never replied.
Lethe wondered why Alodia wasn't answering. "Alodia?" she called out. "Alodia, are you having any luck finding it?"
Still there was no answer.
Lethe turned around to look at the shelves that Alodia was examining and poof! Alodia was simply not there.
Lethe ran over to Theo and tapped him on the shoulder. When he looked at her, she pointed to Alodia's rows of shelves. "She's not there."
Theo darkly muttered some curses under his breath. He looked around, then asked, "Where's Pollux?"
Lethe realized that she had totally forgotten all about Pollux when she was scanning through the books. She looked around and couldn't find Pollux where he was before. She looked over to the dark area of the library, where it was barely illuminated and covered by dusty shelves. "Maybe they're in there?"
Theo nodded, a dark look on his face. "Hopefully."
They started going into the darker areas of the library, searching for a young girl and boy in the shadows of scrolls. Lethe wondered where Alodia and Pollux could have gone. They couldn't have gotten very far.
The inner parts were covered in a layer of dust, that every footstep Lethe and Theo made would leave a trail of 'clean' footprints behind them. How long had it been ever since someone used this library? Did anyone even enter after the war had ended?
They kept going deeper into the building, which seemed to be small but was bigger on the inside. After some time, Lethe noticed that there was an area behind a wall of stone. "Theo," she said as she pulled on the man's arm. "Pollux and Alodia might be in there."
Theo nodded, and then quickly strode towards the wall. Lethe followed and then they moved to the side of the wall and looked up ahead.
Pollux was there and so was Alodia, but it was not a good situation; Alodia was struggling to break free of Pollux's grasp and her mouth wouldn't open although Lethe could see the muscles attempting to ply her lips apart. Pollux, on the other hand, had Alodia in a headlock, along with a knife near his side. The two of them were standing in the middle of a great circle, with intricate markings on the center.
Well, Lethe wondered if Pollux had any hidden motives for bringing them here, but she did not expect this.
"Alodia!" Theo dashed towards the circle.
But Pollux swung Alodia around and pushed her on the ground and quickly put the knife beside him on her throat. "One more move and she dies!"