
Hyas looked like he wanted to argue, but he kept his mouth shut, probably out of fear that what happened earlier would happen again. Alodia looked like she wanted to go, like she was curious about how one of the nobility may act. But Lethe was just neutral. Did she really have to say whether it is a good choice or a bad one?
She sighed. Nothing she could do about it. "How do we get to talk to him?"
"Just wait for the performance to end."
They waited for a long time. The performance seemed to take forever and ever and ever. Finally, it ended, but they still needed to wait for the crowds to disperse. When the roads were clear, Theo started moving the children – technically teenagers but let's face it; they all act like children – to the big yellow house and they knocked with a large bang and bang. An elder satyr moved out and told them yes to letting them inside.
So they went inside, and Lethe was surprised. This house was the cleanest thing Lethe had ever seen on her travels. As if any of them had gone to someplace where they wash the area and dry it every day and everything stayed organized and everything stayed clean. On the other hand, this house felt cozy and calming, as if she could sleep there any time soon, which was bad because she was actually sleepy. Really sleepy.
Lethe yawned loudly. She was starting to doze off. Why did everything seem so blurry? She just felt sleepy. But didn't she have something important to do in the morning? Eh, it wasn't that important, right? Or was it?
Lethe was confused. Her thoughts weren't making sense.
She heard footsteps ad decided to go look at the source of feet thumping up the stair. She could barely remember anythyngi, myst lesttk the ame people withit far
Okay,,, she was sooo leepy right now but she cn't she can't stay like this she had to stay awake she had a job to do she had to go to the Ancient Mountion of Underwaer or something like that
And he was there, wasn't he? This mythical Pan who knew like everything and he could tell that Lethe was really sleepy but no she couldn't allow herself to be asleep when she had a freaking job to do, right?
"Ah, I see. It's you, isn't it, Heydiiizz? I see you have some friends here. They are falllling asleep fast, especialllly the little itty bitty one. None of them are even paying attention to what I say, or at least understand me. All of yu must be rather tiyrd, noh?" Pan said as he looked at me, but I can brely nod, but I hopped he understod me. "Anyways, I have some place for you four to rest. It's getting late, no? Nearly sunsset."
Pan turned arround and went bacck up the stairs, but nott before mosioning for them to follow. They went up and Lethe got to see the house and woww! The house wwas so prettty! So many floowers that were curlled up next to winddows that provided abbundant oraynge sunligght that was coming for the effervsescnt rays of the pretty settting sunn.
Sun!
Flowers!
Sun!
Flowers!
Sun!
Okay, she was gong to knowk out any mintuer now. She needed rest. She could barely pay any attention to anything....
But no, shw had a job right anow and she had to go anf stuff and
"Here we are!!!" Pan opened the door to a long corrorodor of a hallway with many different doors on both sides. "This is a place for my guests to stay in. You can all sleep in didfeerent rooms if you'd like. I'm ather sorry for the inconveneie ce of making you tired. Thiss house has a rather caaalming effect on most people. This effect amplifies all of theirneeds such ass hunger, thurst, love, and sleip. In your cases, yu had the most affected need of sleep, thus you need to sleep to get thsis spelel over Now hurryr up and sleep, alright, children? Ill be talkin to your oldest freind for a while."