
They walked through the town, hoping that they find would eventually in a passage into the labyrinth somewhere within the tiny houses, small shops, and little buildings. If there was one thing noticeable about the town, it was the fact that everything seemed smaller than usual houses. Lethe wondered what kind of residents lived here to be so comfortable in a town of this size. They didn't find any people on the streets though, which was strange.
"Do you think this town is deserted or something?" Alodia asked the rest. "Maybe it's being haunted by a ghost, and that's why the people left."
Theo shook his head. "I can't detect the presence of a ghost, and the houses look like they were tended to recently. Perhaps there was just an event, that all of the townspeople decided to go the center and not a single one of them was left."
Hyas nodded. "I think that's right. There doesn't seem to be any other reason why the villagers wouldn't be here."
"Then why don't we go to the center?" Alodia pointed down the street. "We'll probably find the center of the town if we follow the roads, and if we find the center, we'll find the people as well!"
Lethe agreed to the plan. "Yeah, we should do that. We need to find someone to ask for directions."
"Yes, directions to the home of the most precious royalty that is totally not allowed for commoners to visit and the villagers would definitely give the directions to total strangers. I find it strange," Hyas said as he pointed at Theo, "that you think we can see nobility, face-to-face, in the one place where they know strangers cannot tread: their own home. Why is it that you can score us an audience with Morpheus as soon as we get to the mountain? How in the world do you even know Morpheus personally?"
Theo just shrugged his shoulders. "I have my ways."
"And just what are these ways, then? Do you really expect us to follow your directions, wherever you may go, without wondering about a single thing?"
Then Theo pushed Hyas on the ground, and put his elbow into Hyas' neck hard. "Listen, boy. I have seen a lot in all of my experience as I stayed around in this world. Do you, you foolish little upstart, honestly believe that I will not share with this group my knowledge and help them in whatever ways that I can? And even if you believe that I must tell you how I knew this, then why do you need the Talisman of Dreams?"
Hyas' face turned pale at that. He kept his mouth shut, more out of fear than reason.
Theo lifted his elbow off Hyas. "I thought so."
The two girls, in shock from what just happened, looked at each other and agreed on one thing: Let's try making this a little more cheerful, shall we?
"Hey, guys!" Alodia jumped right in front of Theo and waved her arms around. "Let's go look for them now, okay? Come on, this way!" And Alodia started marching with a beat, a little bit too exaggerated but then she was trying to make it happier. Lethe also wanted to make things smoother, so she started imitating Alodia, hoping that the silliness of their actions would make the boys laugh a little.
Lethe leaned over to whisper in her ears as she got close to her. "Just how is this guy named Theo?"
Alodia shrugged her shoulders. "I don't know, girl. I find it really strange too. Theo sounds so sweet, no? But our Theo here has a personality fitting for the king of the underworld."
Lethe laughed. "I wouldn't be surprised if he actually did rule over the dead. He seems like the type of guy."
Alodia and Lethe just chatted with each other as they walked through the streets. Despite their differences – after all, they both had a history of getting on each other's nerves – they had fun with each other. Perhaps they were made to be together? Only Fate could tell, and Lethe didn't know where to find Fate. Maybe at the Ancient Mountain? Oh well, she'd find out then.