
Lethe followed the vibrations set off by the figure. Just a little bit more, and she'd catch up with them - yeah, Lethe uses 'singular they/them.' Problem?
They stopped swimming after a while, so Lethe stopped too and hid behind a big protruding rock. She was close enough now, so she looked at the person and sensed the rest of them.
It was human, from the looks of it. A male human, probably around her age too. It was a good thing Lethe hadn't attacked him, even if they were one of the few species that resented the peace treaty as a whole. But still, humans didn't really enter the Lugan River nowadays, since they had invented a magical system called plumbing that brought water to their houses, so why would a human be here? Besides, how did he dive this far without surfacing to breathe air? Merfolk had a set of gills on the neck for breathing, so they could poke their head above water, even if they couldn't breathe pure air itself. Humans, on the other hand, depended on pure air and didn't have gills to breathe underwater. Lethe barely remembered her classes on land dwellers - in fact, she barely remembered anything from her training days, except for fighting motions - but she remembered enough to know what a human was capable of, and they weren't creatures of the waters.
Lethe kept her eyes and sensors on this suspicious human, who had now approached a very familiar rock structure, with a very familiar alcove. All of the sudden, Lethe understood what he was going to do.
This human was going to steal the Talisman of Dreams.
Lethe quickly swam in front of him, and brandished her scimitar. She bared her fang-like teeth. The human looked surprised, his eyes going wide in this weird eye container. Lethe sensed his hand covering the other, which had a bracelet. And she felt his magic.
A great force slammed against Lethe, sending her far away from the alcove and crashing into some rocks. As she picked herself from the rubble, she sensed the human pulling on the rock covering the alcove's entryway. Thank the rivers that she placed a spell on it before swimming to Argos' help, Lethe thought to herself as she got out of the tiny crushed rocks. As soon as she was free, she swam as fast as she could towards the human, pointing her scimitar at him.
However, the human had pulled out a knife and blocked the scimitar with it. Lethe pulled her weapon back and tried to hit him from another angle, but he blocked her before she could deal real damage. She pushed her scimitar, forcing her  weapon to shove his knife away, but the human slipped to the side and avoided the impact. He's good, Lethe thought to herself, as she continued the fight. They fought on and on, each attempt ending on a draw. When one combatant would try striking, the other would quickly protect themselves. Even if the battle was happening in Lethe's territory, her skills were rusty, due to a lack of real enemies in the past years. This human fought well, but Lethe wouldn't allow him to go beyond.
Then she couldn't help but wonder, why wouldn't he use the magic from earlier to blast her away like he did before? Maybe he couldn't do it often, like it exhausted him. In that case, Lethe just had to keep up the fight until he felt tired, then she could end it. With her merfolk abilities in water which sped up the healing processes of wounds and lessened the time of rest she needed, she was sure that she could outlast him.
Although he made sure not to allow a single hit, Lethe noticed the weakening strength in his parries. Yes! She could see a weak spot in his armor now. She raised her scimitar, ready to strike...
But then she saw his eyes with a glint in them and she realized, Shoot, he tricked me.
He let out another burst of energy, and Lethe screamed.
She let out a ripple of intense pain, as she felt the energy go inside her, and she felt her body being pulled apart from the inside, like every organ was rearranging itself- no, not just moving around but changing even. She felt pain in her gills and her tail, every scale felt like it was going to fall off. What was happening to her?