
They walked over to the stalls, and Lethe saw many various kinds of foods that she had never seen before. She was accustomed to raw fish and chewing on river plants, but she had never seen foods that looked hard like rocks, or smooth like it was partly made of water.
Alodia asked Lethe, "Do you know what these foods are, or you've never seen them before also?" Lethe shook her head, which made Alodia continue by saying, "Huh! I guess I can give you a tour, like a food trip!"
She pointed at some yellow things that looked hard. "These are fried chicken strips." Then she gestured at the brown meat on sticks. "That's pork barbecue." Some smooth things that were sprinkled with transparent cubes. "Potato chips." And some things that were yellow-orange, like the fried chicken strips, but smoother looking. "Those are fish fingers."
Lethe was confused. "Fish fingers? There are fish with fingers? The world on land is strange."
"No, fish don't have fingers. That's just fried fish that's cooked and shaped like a giant finger. You want to try it?"
Lethe nodded. Fish was familiar. She should stick to familiar things. Thank goodness for fish fingers.
So Alodia bought some fish fingers, two for herself and two for Lethe. Lethe bit into one of the fish fingers. It was quite different from fish, especially with the other texture that was rough, dry, and crispy. There was also a bit of a taste that gave a kick to her taste buds. But even with these differences, the same smooth and familiar taste of fish was there on the inside, and that was what mattered for Lethe.
After she finished both of her fingers, she needed water, desperately. Her throat felt extremely dry ever since morning and she wished that she had drunken some water from the river.
"Alodia, can we get water too?"
"Oh, of course! But we should get you a water bottle first. Let's go buy your supplies now!"
They went around the shops, looking for whatever Alodia wanted to buy for Lethe. With each item, Alodia asked Lethe which one Lethe liked the most in the shop, and Alodia would buy whatever Lethe chose. The only change to this pattern was when Lethe needed to buy clothes, because Lethe had to fit them first to check what size she was – in that case, she was a small. For each purchase, Alodia would give the shopkeeper some coins of varying designs and colors. Lethe noticed that Alodia mostly gave the color gold for some reason, then get back a lot of change. She wondered how Alodia had a lot of auries, the currency for the land. She also noticed that unlike the other buyers who would debate on the prices, Alodia would just take whatever price they were selling. Just where did this money come from?
By the end of their day at the market, Lethe had four pairs of shirts and pants, along with two dresses for 'special occasions,' whenever that would be. She also bought a pair of sandals to walk around in, so that her feet wouldn't get damaged by the rocks. She now had a backpack of her own, a silver one with a wavy turquoise pattern that matched the water bottle she got. She also had a small indigo wallet that Alodia put a few auries in, along with some food rations in case they had to go camping or they couldn't buy food from stores. She had quite a lot of stuff now that Lethe couldn't believe they all fit in her backpack, if it wasn't for the special expanding-space magic it was enchanted with.
They were done- or so Lethe thought. Alodia had a smile on her face, and told Lethe to stay on a bench while she he went shopping on her own. Lethe patiently waited, reading the signs on various shops that were trying to outdo each other, like:
Super-duper mega sale at 70% off!!! BUY NOW!!!!