
Darkness. That was what it was filled with - a small, secluded area enveloped in the barrier of sight, where what awaits you cannot be seen.
He walked through - fearless, unafraid. It was one of his favourite places, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. He was searching for his next victim, finding the one who would scream the night away, a lullaby for his own gain. He had taken many from this place, with no evidence left for even the most skilled detective. Not one drop was left behind.
He wondered if he would see her again - the one survivor. The one who managed to slip away from his deathly grip. Just. She had disappeared from his view for a while. Months even. He stopped counting the days...
Suddenly all went silent. It was quiet before - the odd car speeding by, a few flickering lights down the street. He stopped walking, and looked up at the small light of the lamppost in the distance. He didn't know why he looked this way, but it didn't take long after that to realise someone, or something, was behind him.
He was tense - this bloodsucker would never have dreamed of being worried about someone else, but it was the eerie presence that lurked there, right on his back. He did not dare move an inch for what seemed like forever, until he felt two cold hands touch his shoulders, causing every hair on his spine to stand on end.
It was her.
"Peek-a-boo..." She whispered into his right ear, as he stood there, frozen in fear. Her ice-cold breath, like a cloud of deadly smoke, tickled the crane of his neck as he shivered. He didn't know what to do - she sounded different - her voice filled with lust for revenge. Lust for what coursed through his veins.
"....l-long time no s-see...." He whispered, his voice breaking under her influence.
"Oh...indeed it has been. Such a while." She replies, lifting her hand and lightly scratching his neck playfully. This was certainly not the fleeing, frightened girl that he once took blood from. No. It was a monster.
He blinked, and took a quick, shaky breath as his body finally allowed movement. But it was too late.
Suddenly he was thrown like a rag doll...Flying towards the dull brick wall that caught him roughly. He gasped in pain as his back felt like it was about to shatter as the figure in front of him was now clearly visible - beginning at bright, crimson coloured eyes that stared into his inner core. He was paralysed again.
"You turned me into this." She cooed, silently stepping towards him, a menacing look was plastered onto her face.
"....B-But-"
"You made me like this..." She continued, and another step made her even closer. His eyes were locked with hers, and he couldn't look away. She was doing the exact same thing as he did to his own victims, except this time he was getting a taste of his own medicine. He panicked. He had to try and do something.
"J-Just hear me out-!" He pleaded, trying to stall the inevitable.
"Why should I?" She answered.
Another step. He could feel her breath again. But this time he couldn't respond, nothing came out of his mouth, no matter how hard he screamed, it never came to the surface.She was so close to him now, the chilly night didn't aid the situation, and her hands yet again clawed his shoulders.
"You of all people should know what it's like...." She whispered huskily, her head leaning forward. She opened her mouth and it was as if she had already touched his neck. So close.
"...Please-"
"To be thirsty...."