
"They're still in the labyrinth. I told them to stay there until I get back, or tell them to come here."
"They can cast the incantation?" Alodia asked, bewildered.
"No, but they have other ways." Theo looked around. "Anyway, girls, remember how I said that there were only three places where our thief could have come from?"
"Yeah."
"Well, this is one of them." Theo gestured to the land, beckoning their eyes to see what was beyond.
Lethe hadn't really looked around; she was too preoccupied with not falling to death. But when she really looked, as in, stared at the surroundings to actually look at them, she saw much.
Everywhere, dried blood stained the cobblestone roads and corners of broken houses. Bones, albeit not very fresh ones, were scattered here and there amongst the marble debris. The houses were torn down and everything was destroyed and smashed into smithereens. Lethe was a soldier – she knew the price of war – but now that she had seen his, she realized that she had never known what war was.
"Welcome," Theo greeted them cheerfully, "to the Ruins of Troy."
Alodia, who wasn't a soldier and Lethe guessed had never even known what war was capable of, was even more dumbstruck and shocked by the sight set before her. "What happened here? What could possibly cause this?"
"Five years ago," Theo started as he sat on a broken pillar piece, "there lived a beautiful queen named Helen. She was married to some fellow, another one of royalty. Then she fell in love with some other chap named Paris."
"Ah," Lethe gave a sigh of disappointment.
"Yes, ah. The two countries, Athens and Troy, decided to have a war all because of a petty affair."
"Love caused this?" Alodia sputtered in disbelief.
"Of course it would be love, the greatest of all emotions, that starts a war. Quite ironic, isn't it, that love is called the most pure, and yet has the most blood on its hands?"
Lethe looked across the horizon, ignoring the tale for now. She still had a job to do, after all. As she stared out and looked at the rubble around them, she realized that a shadow was moving towards them. She looked to search for the source of the shadow, and found an angry grown man with a spear coming towards them.
She got the attention of her friends and pointed in the direction of the man. They looked at him just when the man had decided to stop right in front of them.
"Invaders!  Why have you decided to come back? Know that no Trojan will give in to the likes of you!" He spat out on them and readied his spear. He kept shouting out more insults and boasts.
"Should I kill him with the gold? I can throw the entire mound at him," Theo suggested politely to the group.
"No! That's really rude, Theo! You can't just kill people because they're irritating!"
"Are you sure, Alodia? I mean, this man does want to kill us too."
"No! Besides, don't you think he's had enough? He just got his home destroyed and smashed into a million itty bitty pieces! He deserves rest!"
"He can rest in peace while being dead."
"Theo!"
Then the man, who seem extremely irritated that they weren't even listening to him, charged.
Her moves were instinctive; Lethe raised her hand quickly.