
"Let's make new friends," Zayn said.
"It'll be fun," Zayn said.
But honestly, my head hurts just thinking about making friends our age. I mean, sure, we hang out with Zayn's parents at times, mine at other, but being with people our age seems out of the equation.
Zayn just bought this really nice house. He works on music with some of his buddies, and he wanted to move out of the little flat we had previously lived in. Now, as we drive into the house's garage, I'm starting to think that music thing is more than just a hobby.
It's one of those houses that's in a cul de sac, surrounded by other houses exactly like it. It's a homey blue color, and the yard is huge.
My eyes drift from our new home to Zayn. He's already out the car door, keys in hand. I hurry after him, rolling my eyes. I come next to him and grasp his hand in my clammy one. He's unlocking the front door as I look around. There are two houses on each side of us; we have the house dead in the middle. We brought along dishes, the clothing we absolutely needed (donating what we didn't to Goodwill), and our blankets, which are all in the car.
"Ah, here we go." Zayn utters his first words since we've arrived as he jimmies the keys around the keyhole until the doorknob twists and the door opens.
Looking around, I speak the first thing on my mind. "We need a dog."
Zayn turns to me, confused. "What?"
I look at him, my voice nothing but truth. "We. Need. A dog."
"Why's that?" He chuckles, somehow getting a kick out of this.
"Well. Look at how big and empty it is. Just for us two? Doesn't it seem a bit large?" I ask.
He nods a bit. "Okay, chill out, let's get our stuff inside before we make more plans."
I laugh, kiss his cheek and head outside. As much as I want to explore the new place, I know better than to leave Zayn to his lonesome. I open the trunk and grab a garbage bag and a box, both filled with clothes. The bag is hanging from my arm as I balance the box over my two hands.
"Zayn!" I call.
No reply.
"Zayn, open the--!"
The box topples from my hands, and, stunned, I jump back and watch it nearly hit the ground. Zayn's arms reach out and grab it before it has the chance.
"Saved." His one-word sentence relives me all too much.
"This should be fun, yeah?"
I nod. Little did I know, we were being watched from the house next door.