
Taylor's POV I stepped out of my mom's car looking at the new school I would be attending for the next four years. High school. I went to the office to get my schedule and walked to my locker. I saw me best friend Abigail walking toward me and she hugged me when she got to me. "Hey T" she says. "Hey" I say. I put some of my books into my locker and then closed it. "What do you have first period" Abigail asked as we started walking down the hall. "English" I said. "I have math" Abigail said. "Do we have any classes together?" I asked her getting worried. "Yeah fifth period biology" she said as she analyzed our schedules. The bell rung and then we had to go to class. "I'll see you at lunch" she said. I walked into my English class and looked for a place to sit. I saw a girl in the back I've never seen before. She had shoulder length blonde hair and was wearing a gold and white striped tee shirt with jeans and black converse. I sat down next to her. "Hi I'm Taylor" I said. "Hey I'm Karlie." She said. Something about her made me feel something I've never felt before. As the class started I didn't know what to say to Karlie. I passed her a note with my number on it. She smirked put it in her pocket winked at me and then went back to paying attention. After the class was over I went out to my locker and what happened next surprised me. Karlie followed me. "Hey Taylor" she said in a cheery voice and a huge smile on her face. "Hey" I said. "We should hang out sometime" she said. "Yeah sounds cool" I said "Meet me outside after school". "Ok" she said. A few classes went by and I was only thinking about Karlie. Finally it was time to see Abigail at lunch and I told her all about Karlie. She seemed happy for me then we walked to our next class together and Karlie was in it. I went to sit by her but Abigail did not follow me. She said she needed to sit in front to see the board. She looked kind of mad at me. Karlie smiled at me as I sat down next to her. "Hey again" I said. "Hey" as the class went on I barely paid attention I was so attracted to Karlie. The teacher said "the person sitting next to you will be the person you work on projects with all year". That person sitting next to me was Karlie. The bell rung and Karlie was in my next two classes. Finally the day was over and Karlie was going to come over to my house. We found each other outside and then walked to my house. When we got there my parents weren't home. They were still at work. I took Karlie up to my bedroom and we talked and listened to music. At around 5 my mom came home and made dinner. I asked her if Karlie could stay and she said yes. My parents got to know Karlie and then when dinner was over I walked Karlie outside. Before she left I did something I've never done before. I kissed her. She seemed really into it too. When she pulled away she said "Goodbye Taylor". Then walked down the street to her house which I didn't know she lived that close to us. I just kissed Karlie Kloss. I texted her those three words "I love you". I went back inside and was about go to bed it was now about 10 pm. I saw Karlie had sent me a message back and my heart filled with joy. "I love you too" she had responded. A huge smile formed on my face.