
You got me caught in all this mess, I guess we can blame it on the rain.
Harry waited till Louis left that morning, with her, to head into his bedroom. Harry slowly opened the door and flicked the light switch up to light up the room. Harry sighed. Louis used to share a bedroom with him but as soon as Lou found her he moved into the guest bedroom, not wanting to make her upset. Louis used to do thing for Harry, but not anymore.
My pain is knowing I can't have you, I can't have you.
Harry sat on the edge of Louis' bed. Louis had put many warm and cozy looking blankets on top of the thick comforter. Harry wonders what it would be like to hold Louis in his arms—him being the big spoon because he is much bigger than the older lad—at night and have Louis whispering sweet nothings in his ear till he drifted to sleep. Or what it would be like to make love to Louis after their 6 month anniversary, Louis making sure he's okay and Harry saying of course because Louis would always take care of him. Louis always used to take care of him. Harry's fantasies were pulled away from him from a sound of knocking on the wood door leading into Louis' bedroom.
Harry looked up to see Louis standing in the door frame, looking confused and a bit surprised to find Harry in his room. "Hey Haz," Louis said coming into the room. "Can I ask why you're in here?" He continued, laying down next to Harry on the bed. Harry didn't speak, just shrugged.
"Are you okay, Harry." Louis said seriously, turning on his side to face Harry. Harry merely nodded as yes, turning his head to look at Harry. He raised an eyebrow at Harry, not believe him. "Harry...do you want to talk about it?" Louis asked even though he knew he would say no. Harry sighed. "It's just..." Harry started but couldn't continue. He turned away from Louis' intense gaze to look at the nightstand were stood a picture frame with a picture of Louis and Eleanor in it. Tears sprung into Harry eyes, but he held them back. He was used to holding them all those times Eleanor was here anyway. "Oh Harry," Louis said hearing a sniffle come from the younger boy next to him. "Please tell me what's wrong, I'll listen." Harry shook his head. "Can you hold me?" Harry asked nervously. Louis nodded, guiding Harry up and into his arms in a tight hug, a friendly hug.
Tell me does she look at you the way I do?  Try to understand the words you say and the way you move? Does she get the same big rush when you go in for a hug, and your cheeks brush?
After a while Harry finally found the courage to tell Louis his feeling about him and Eleanor. "Are you ready to tell me what's wrong?" Louis asked as Harry climbed out of his arms. He nodded. "Yeah." He wiped at his nose. "Don't talk until I finish okay?" Harry asked. Louis nodded. "You have to promise, though." Harry said holding up his pinky. Louis' lips turned up into a smile at Harry's childish ways. "I promise." Louis said linking his pinky with Harry's. "Okay," Harry breathed out, getting ready to start. "It's Eleanor and you. You and Eleanor. 'Elounor'. It's you two. Um, what I'm trying to say is that she will never love you like I do, Lou." Harry put his hand to Louis' lips so he wouldn't say anything. "No, please don't talk yet." Harry said, looking down at his lap as he did for the rest of the time he talked.
"She just, she doesn't get you like I do. She doesn't know how to be with and act the right way, not saying she has to changed, but more like she just doesn't get the way you work. How you maneuver your way through things. I know how you do though. I get how you work. I get and know everything about you that I bet she doesn't." Harry shook his head. "What do you see in her? What does she have that I don't Lou? I want to be her, so I can be with you. God, if I was only a girl, then you would love me like you love her, wouldn't you? Because your straight and don't find guys attractive the way I find you attractive." . Harry smiled thinking about all the beauty in Louis that Eleanor probably doesn't see. Harry didn't see as he was looking down, but Louis shook his head. He didn't want Harry to change in anyway ever. Louis was thinking about everything Harry was saying, figuring himself out for the first time.