
Chapter 1
Dan nervously glanced at his watch. The train should be here by now! He furiously thought. What if I got the time wrong and I missed it? What if it crashed? WHAT IF THE CONDUCTOR GOT ABDUCTED BY-
"Hello?" The brunette's thoughts were interupted by a small voice coming from his right. He turned his head to see a boy about his height and age. He had dark, black hair and bright blue eyes.
"Hi.. Can I help you?" Dan asked. The boys smile dropped a bit.
"I.. uh, what just.. I noticed your shirt." the boy pointed to Dan's Buffy the Vampire Slayer shirt. "And, I like it. I mean, I like Buffy, too. She's awesome." The boy gawked and rambled awkwardly.
Dan titled his head to the side, and the dark-haired boy streched out his hand.
"Hi, my name's Phil. Phil Lester. I'll be attending Hogwarts this year as a 4th year Hufflepuff." Dan looked at Phil and noticed his yellow scarf. He smiled and took Phil's hand and shook it. His grip was pretty loose, suprisingly.
"Dan Howell, I'm a 4th year, too. Slytherin." Dan said, turning his whole body toward Phil. Phil nodded in response. Dan's eyes narrowed toward Phil's Fall Out Boy shirt. His eyes widened.
"You like Fall Out Boy?" he asked excitedly.  Phil nodded.
"Yeah, one of my favorites." Phil replied. Dan bit his lip nervously, trying to think of what to say next. Thankfully, the train rolled into the station.
"Look, it's here. Want to sit together?" Phil's bright eyes stared at him intentivly, almost intimidating.
"Uh, sure. Thanks." He nodded, as did Phil. Then, the two young wizards stepped across the platform to the familiar Hogwarts Express.
~~~~~TIME SKIP BECAUSE MAGIC~~~~~~
"Who are some of your other friends at school?" Phil asked, unwrapping one of his chocolate frogs. The two boys sat on the fast moving train while eating the sweets Phil had brought with him and happily shared with his new found friend.
Dan looked up from his All Flavor Jelly Beans. "Oh, I don't have a whole lot of other friends. I know people, but.. yeah." He smiled and looked at the table. Phil's eyes darkened slightly from this news.
"O-oh... Well, do you have a girlfriend?" Phil immediately regretted the question as Dan's face quickly went a deep red. 	He studdered, emmbarresed by the question.
"Oh, I, um, no. I don't. I'm actually.. gay.." Dan hastily shoved a chocolate frog in his mouth. However, Phil didn't laugh or mock Dan. No, he just smiled.
"Oh, well, that's alright. I'm bisexual." Dan looked up toward him.
"R-really?" He asked, not that it mattered or anything. It's not like I'm intrested in you or anything like that. Dan thought stupidly.
"Yeah, and.. what do you mean interested in me..?" Now Phil's face was slightly pink. Did I say that out loud!? Bloody hell! Phil chuckled a little and his face returned to normal pigmentation. "Yeah, you said that out loud. It's alright, though. I'm single, too." His face was pink again. "Not that it has anything to do with anything, haha." He nervously laughed. Dan laughed along. Just seconds later, the two were in an uproar of laughter as they approached their school.
Hello, internet! Thanks for reading this! I hope you enjoyed. Hopefully, you did. I'll try to write more soon! Goodbyyyeee