
Learning how to walk took Lethe a long time. She had stumbled so many times on the rocky river bed that Alodia had decided to move their practice on more stable ground, mainly the nearby road that was close to the forest, after Lethe had mastered moving. It took a long, long time, but after many trips, falls, and missteps, Lethe had finally managed to get past ten steps.
"Wow," Alodia remarked as Lethe walked tentatively. "I thought you'd never learn."
"Well, I did!" Lethe shouted out with a smile of victory. Although her steps were small and she missed swimming terribly, she was finally learning to walk. "How's that for a fourteen-your-old, huh?"
"Pretty bad, honestly, since every single toddler knows how to run by the age of two. You're fourteen? I'm sixteen."
"You're older than me?"
"Yeah. Why?"
Lethe just shook her head. She was a little surprised, since Alodia seemed youthful, but she was taller than Lethe by some height, so it was possible.
Lethe kept practicing her steps for some time, making sure that she was stable. When it looked like she could handle walking without falling, Alodia called out to her. "Hey! You think we can go somewhere now? We need to buy you some clothes and more supplies. I don't have enough for the both of us, and you're smaller than me anyway."
Lethe nodded her head. "Sure. What do we need anyway?"
"Clothes, food, water in a water bottle, you know, the usual stuff. We'll easily find them at the market, and that's where we need to go anyways. I know a guy there, who knows a lot of information that he gets from the many buyers and suppliers for his shop. Perhaps he may know something.
Lethe looked at Alodia, whose face had stopped smiling and had a thoughtful expression. She replied, "Alright, then, what are we waiting for?"
"I don't know, you, I guess?" Alodia shruggd her shoulders. "Don't you have any belongings, or you really just came here with nothing but flimsy armor?"
"No, I have- oh no!" Lethe clasped her hands over her mouth, letting out a gasp. "I forgot some of my things at the river!" She tried to walk quickly, but she nearly tripped, not falling only because of Alodia.
She and Alodia went back to the river, trekking through the forest. Lethe looked at the river bay, checking if any of the rocks still had her stuff. When she noticed a certain shine, she walked hastily, this time with more balance, her eyes never getting off the scimitar. She only stopped when she had her trusty scimitar in her hands.
Alodia came over to her, and whistled. "Wow, girl, armor and a sword. Nice deal you've got there."
"It's not a sword, it's a scimitar," Lethe snapped quickly, looking for the other missing object, her ring.
"Okay, okay, your scimitar is cool anyways. What are you looking for now? Your shield?"
"No, a sapphire ring. It's really important to me." Lethe went down on her knees and started moving around, her eyes scanning for the ring.
Alodia went down on her knees as well, searching for Lethe's ring in the other direction. "Armor, weapons, and jewelry. Anything else we're missing?"
Lethe didn't answer back. She was too busy looking for her missing ring. They kept searching, but after quite some time has passed, the ring was still nowhere to be found.
"Lethe, we really cannot find it. It's gone forever," Alodia said as she stood up, scratching her head.
"No," Lethe said in a sad tone of voice, sinking to the ground. The ring was really special; it was a good source of magic, especially good for keeping things in place. Although that function seemed useless, Lethe had a penchant for misplacing objects, and she didn't like it when others stole her stuff, as if anyone would want that.