
~
"Yes, yes, I'll talk to him about it right now." Charlie rolled her eyes, speaking into her blue tooth as both hands were wrapped cozily around a mug of coffee. "And then I'll put his name and number right in front of our boy, and watch him squirm."
"Who's gonna squirm?" Castiel turned from where he was ordering his own drink, looking uncertainly at the redheaded girl with a devilish gleam in her eyes. Charlie was his best friend, but even Cas had to admit she could be a little too devious for her own good.
"You are." She answered without missing a beat, taking a sip before turning her attention back to the man talking in her bluetooth. "I'll see you later then, you giant nerd. Yeah, yeah, alright. Fair point. But I'm not the one with my Pokemon cards in a laminated portfolio. You've probably got them in a safe under your - yeah, yeah, alright. Hanging up now. Bye, idiot."
Castiel waited through her little conversation, but when he parted his lips to further inquire why exactly he would be squirming, Charlie asked, "So when's our next round'a golf?"
"Do you really think we should keep playing? We have to be the worst golfers ever." Castiel rolled his eyes, leading her to the table he had set up for them, little breakfast sandwich in one hand and his coffee in the other. "I mean, we quit by the sixth hole. Or lunchtime. Whichever comes first. We should come up with a new sport to do. Like... miniature golf. Or bowling."
"Ooh, bowling, I like bowling." Charlie interjected, but before Cas could ramble on she was placing a finger to his lips, peeking her head up upon hearing the bell ring in the front of the store, signaling the new arrival of yet another customer. It wasn't the new arrival that had caught her attention, though, rather who it was. "Guess who just walked in."
And this new arrival made himself known, dressed in jeans and an obviously expensive jacket on, a knitted maroon scarf around his neck and a matching beanie covering his head. His blonde hair peeked out from the bottom of it, and cool blue eyes gazed over the store before he started over to take his order.Castiel's attention was caught, eyes following him and the click, click, click of his shoes before his eyes reached the top of the figure. He almost jumped upon meeting eye contact, and only flushed deeper upon the light smile that was shot his way. "And he saw me." Castiel muttered, and turned his back on the man in favor of angling his eyes on the floor.
"You should go talk to him." Charlie mused, sliding into her chair and shooting Castiel a smug look. "This isn't the first time he's smiled at you, you know." She paused, then reached forwards, nudging him with a hand. "He likes you."
"I don't think so." Cas shook his head, and took the seat across from her, huffing out a little breath.
"See," She shook her head, shoulder length hair bobbing around her. "There you go again. Hiding under a rock like always-"
"You know as well as I do, every time I ask someone out it ends in disaster." Cas muttered, shaking his head and slumping his shoulders slightly. He was in a big, dumb sweater and a black overcoat, fingers curling up and into the sleeves.
"And why do you think that is?" Charlie challenged, rolling her eyes.
"I don't know!" Castiel's voice was a mix between a teasing whine and a genuine complaint. "It's always the same, whether I'm set up by friends, or, internet dating, or matchmaking services. Nothing works."