
"What's the labyrinth?" Lethe asked Alodia, noticing the dark look that was uncharacteristic of Alodia.
"The labyrinth is a maze of passages deep underground, created by the great architect Daedalus. They're mainly used by the travelers who travel far distances, since space and time appears to be altered in that place. The people who are fond of darkness or black market dealing, like Theo, are more likely to wander its hallways. I really prefer light, so I hate it in there. I've only gone there once actually."
"How was it?"
Alodia wouldn't reply. The look in her eyes was no longer grim, but dead. No light shone in them, and nothing seemed to show the spark inside of her.
"Okay, I guess," Alodia lied.
Lethe realized that it was probably a very bad experience for her, and she decided not to pursue the topic. They continued the journey in silence, following Theo whenever he darted here and there, between buyers and sellers, into the alleys and out of them. They kept walking through the busy marketplace, until Theo finally stopped. The girls stopped too, and Lethe looked at what was in front of them.
It was a large opening, a cave really, with a long indigo cloth that covered its opening and seemed to be shrouded in deep mist. The fog was so cloudy that Lethe could barely see the indigo cloth that covered it. They were far from the marketplace now, near a hill of sorts, and Lethe could understand why the market wouldn't set up shops here. Something seemed unnatural about the entrance to the labyrinth, as if it was never supposed to be there in the first place.
"You ready, girls?" Theo gestured towards the labyrinth. "Ladies first."
Lethe stepped forward, wanting to be the first of the group to see what was beyond the entrance. She bent down, lifted the cloth up, and stepped through the entrance.
She didn't expect to see this.
It was barely a cave, if you even called it one. The walls were slabs of marble, cut into perfect rectangles. Each slab had markings and runes engraved in them, each one glowing blue. She understood a few of the symbols – life, water, land, sky – but majority of the runes were foreign to her. They illuminated the passage in an effervescent glow that seemed to touch every corner. Lethe found every single thing in the room beautiful.
Alodia came after her, and grasped Lethe's hand tightly. She seemed nervous, glancing around at every rune and jerking her head in different directions. Lethe really hoped that Alodia would feel better soon, but she was starting to get annoyed with the scared girl's actions. Couldn't she be brave for a while?
Theo quickly joined the two, and his dogs followed after him. He looked around, as if making sure he was in the right place. He motioned to the girls, and then strode forward confidently, and his dogs followed him like before. Lethe and Alodia tailed after him.
The hall seemed so long and dragging, and Lethe nearly felt sure that she was walking in circles, even if she was just walking in a straight line. They kept going on and on and on and on and on that Lethe was getting more irritated with every minute, as there was a scaredy-cat attached to her right arm and Theo seemed to be perfectly fine.
Eventually, they stopped.
In the middle of nowhere.
"Theo, where are we?" Lethe asked, trying not to get any anger in her voice.
"At one of the intersections, of course," he replied in a calm manner, touching the wall and stroking the runes.