
-
Louis was searching up and down looking for Liam through the crowded halls. He never learned where his locker was since apparently he 'isn't allowed on that part of the school' because 'that's where all the nerds hang out and you don't want to be seen with them' as his posse quoted. Except Louis didn't mind being seen with the nerds or any other group, not at all. What he did mind was being seen with them.
Louis finally gave up on trying to find Liam through all the students, deciding to just give it to him tomorrow in English. Louis knew he shouldn't have since that's invading someone else's privacy, but he couldn't help it and glanced down at the title. He learned that the paper didn't belong to Liam but to Harry.
Things I Love About Louis
By Harry Styles
-
Louis was home sitting in his living room debating whether or not to read Harry's letter or whatever it was. It was about Louis so he had some permission to read it but at the same time none at all, since it was not addressed to him.
But what Louis really was thinking was why Harry wrote it. Does he like me? Oh my god, what if he likes me! Louis smiled to himself. Ugh, but what would he see in me? He probably sees me as he sees the rest of my group. Ignorant jerks. He still wondered why he would title it "Things I Love" If he didn't like him though.
Getting anxious, Louis sighed and grabbed the paper from the coffee table in front of him and began reading.
Things I Love about Louis
By Harry Styles
Liam told me to write all of the things that make me like Louis. So I guess I'll just start, then.
He has the most amazing ocean blue eyes that make you want to dive right into. Sometimes they're bright blue and sometimes they can look gray or green but it all falls on where the sun wants to hit them.
His smile actually makes weak in the knees. I love the way the corners of his eyes wrinkle up when he smiles, a real and genuine smile. When he smiles at me (even thought I know it's not towards me but someone behind or near me) I feel my chest tighten because that smile. Wow that smile. It's blinding, in a good way of course.
And oh my, his laugh is music to my ears. The way his voice is deeper when he chuckles but when he full out laughs, it's high pitched and makes me want to laugh too. I want to be able to make him laugh all the time; I want that laugh to be because of me. Even though I know I'm not funny. The devil sitting upon my shoulder is telling me that it won't ever happen, but hey, I can dream.
His body though. He has the most amazing body. He has the biggest biceps I've ever come across since he plays on the football team. He has this little tummy that couldn't get any more adorable than it already is. I just want to blow raspberries on it. And he would laugh his cute laugh or maybe even giggle. Oh my god, if he giggled I don't think I'd be able to handle it to be honest- and I'm getting side tracked. God, he does that to me.
Anyway, he has a really, really nice bum. It's just so big and ugh. And he has nice thighs that just make me want to do so many- no. I will keep this as clean as can be because the title is "Things I Love about Louis" not "Things I want to do to Louis" for a reason.
I like that he never really teases me like the rest of his friends. Sometimes it gives me hope that maybe he likes me enough not to torture me. But probably not, he's straight for crying out loud. That should be enough since you know we're both boys and he's straight and I'm gay. Sucks to be me.
Well I guess I'll finish this later since it's almost 10 and I have to get enough sleep for school.