
Everyone looked at her. Hyas asked, "What is it?"
"Lethe, you can communicate with animals that live in water, right?"
"Uh, yeah. But there isn't an animal that lives underwater nearby."
"Oh, yes, there is!" Alodia swung her bag around and dropped it on the ground. She opened the bulging front pocket and took out a huge sphere that had a tiny frog in it. "See?"
Lethe took a step closer to peer at the frog. "Is that...?"
"Yes, it's the frog you saved! I've been feeding it in his new home. See? We do have a water creature that you can talk to! You just tell the frog to ask the dragon politely if we can hitch a ride to the Ancient Mountain. Then the frog will tell the dragon and the dragon will fly us there!"
Hyas and Lethe stared at her in disbelief. Hyas said, "You honestly think a frog's going to convince a dragon, practically ruler of all animals, to ride on its back? What if it tries to eat the frog because it got irritated? What if it tries to eat us?"
Alodia just smiled at him. "It's a friend of Pan, and I trust that he wouldn't hand us over like a meal. It's worth a shot! Will you try it, Lethe?"
Lethe sighed. "There's no other choice, really. Unless we cross the mountain range, and that doesn't sound good."
They went closer to the dragon and Alodia got the frog out of its house. She set the frog on the ground and motioned for Lethe to do her thing.
Lethe directed her thoughts to the frog. Oh, uh, hey, frog that I saved like three days ago. You remember me, right?
The frog made no move to answer her. Lethe was pretty sure that aquatic animals had the best straight faces.
Uh, yeah, well, I did. Now, um, if you'd like to repay me for that, like you know, give me a reward, and then maybe you can help us by asking this big, giant dragon if we can get a ride to the Ancient Mountain of the Olympians? Pretty please?
Lethe crossed her fingers and hoped that this plan would actually work.
Then the frog hopped and moved towards the mouth of the dragon and - what in the love of everything good was the sound that came out of its mouth! All four of them backed away, clutching their ears. It was louder than anything Lethe had heard for sure, and she felt as if someone had shouted into her ears saying, Abababaababbababababababaaaa!
Lethe swore on her ringing ears that she was going to avoid asking frogs to speak as much as possible.
The dragon shuddered, and opened its eyes slowly. The frog started croaking normally, asking the dragon to do Lethe's request. The dragon listened patiently, and when the frog was done, the dragon jumped.
It hopped off its four feet and landed on them again, creating a tremor that shook the balances of everyone there. Then it nodded its head very enthusiastically, and Lethe could've sworn that the dragon was smiling. Using its claws, it grabbed onto all of the people there – first Alodia and then Theo and then Hyas and lastly Lethe – and threw them onto its back. Everyone grabbed onto the spikes on its back, every single one screaming for their life. And it lowered a claw onto the ground, and the frog jumped on it, and the dragon moved its claws towards Alodia, and the frog jumped inside Alodia's bag.
And then the dragon crouched down, and leaped off, ready to fly to the Ancient Mountain of the Olympians.