
"Slow down there, Cas," Charlie rolled her eyes, leaning back in her chair and pushing her hair behind her ear. "Maybe it's not the meeting people part you have a problem with." Castiel set his drink down, cocking his head in confusion. "Let's be honest, Cas, socializing is not your strong point."
Castiel let out a long, melodramatic sigh, muttering, "The whole this is just... so frustrating."Charlie chuckled softly, staring down at her drink before a light lit up in her eyes and she glanced up at Cas.
"Have you ever heard of a dating coach?"
Cas stared at her for a long moment before arching a brow and questioning, "A what?"
"A dating coach - Dorothy and I saw it on TV the other night," A grin was slowly spreading it's way upon Charlie's face, "They're kind of like a private teacher you hire to teach you how to date."
"A dating coach?" Castiel asked, still a few steps behind. Did he want a dating coach? Did he even need one? He nodded slowly, although he was still looking at Charlie a little uncertainly. "Is - is there really such a thing?"
"Yeah," Charlie smirked, unable to stop a light laugh from passing her lips. She leaned down, rifling through her oversized, obnoxious orange purse, pulling out a crumpled up piece of paper she had obviously planned to be there, sliding it across the table like she was some sort of villain in an old movie, or a gangster making a deal. "And I found someone in the city for you."
Castiel's amused curiosity dropped upon seeing the printout, groaning and rolling his eyes. "Charlie-"
"She's got a bunch of clients, and a lot of people are trying it." She insisted, and somehow the paper made its way into Cas's hands.
Setting his coffee cup down gently, Cas examined the paper. Not too closely, though, as the attractive woman that lay over the purple logo was a bit distracting. Not distracting enough to avert his eyes from the hefty prices, of course, but enough to draw his focus away from his original train of thought. It returned a moment later, though, and Cas complained, "Charlie, this... this is just embarrassing." He shook his head, and set the paper back down. "I couldn't do it. It's just - it's just too weird."
Castiel turned away from Charlie a moment later as the man he'd been hopelessly flustered for walked out the door, eyes following him for a moment before he glanced back at Charlie. The smug look on her face killed him, and he let out a huff of a breath before finishing up his first cup of coffee and turning his eyes back to the printed out sheet of paper.