
"That's fine with me. It's just... my dad always loved me. He would hold up the sky for me, if it meant I'd live another day. I just don't understand how other dads could act otherwise."
"Not all dads are like yours, Hyas."
Lethe had no idea what a dad was, but they seemed to be a central figure in humans' lives. Lethe wondered if she were missing anything all because she grew up as a mermaid.
And yet... Alodia did have some deep parts that she wanted to keep to herself. Lethe hoped that Alodia would feel better eventually. It wasn't nice to see Alodia sad.
Plus, if Alodia ever really got angry, Lethe didn't want to see her shadows attacking her. Seriously, how did someone as cheerful as Alodia get the dark magic?
Lethe decided to go back to listening to the conversations between the two tall people in front of her. They were rather interesting and entertaining, actually. They went from:
"...I learned that squirrels do not have fireproof fur that day..."
to
"My mother got me a dress that could reflect the rays of the sun all around me, like I were the moon..."
in seconds. It was amazing how many countless topics that the two could think of, just by starting off the conversation with how food was cooked. They just kept chatting, and Alodia would throw a question at Lethe every now and then so that she'd be more included in the conversation, but Lethe would eavesdrop most of the time. Theo, on the other hand, would look back at the three teenagers, and smile before looking back on the road.
Lethe realized that they were no longer in the city of Troy. They were now travelling on a dirt road, with many footsteps that were slowly being erased by the wind and the soles of their feet. They had been travelling on it for quite a while, but Lethe had only realized now.
And Hyas tapped her on the shoulder.
"Huh?"
"I was just asking you how you spent your childhood. I spent it mostly at home and Hyas spent it in a garden, so how about you? I mean, it's even more interesting since you're a mermaid."
"Oh, uh...'" Lethe tried to remember anything, anything at all about her childhood, but... "I'm sorry, but I can't remember anything."
"Huh? What do you mean by that?"
"I mean I don't remember anything, really. I can't remember if I played with anyone, or what people I talked to, or what I did before I started training as a guardian of a river."
"Awwww..." Alodia pouted. "That's just sad! How can you not remember your childhood? Those are the best years of your life!"
"I guess they weren't the best years of my life if I forgot them so easily."
"That's even sadder!" Alodia pouted even more. They stayed silent for a little bit, then Alodia broke the silence by saying, "Hey, then let's make your memories last this time!"
"What?"
"Well, let's make nice memories on this journey, so that you'd remember them better! If you still have trouble, then we can write down what happens in a scroll or something. That way, you won't get to forget anything that happened in the past couple of days and more! What do you think?"
"That's... that's a really nice idea." Lethe thought about it for a while. It was a very good idea, really. Alodia was creative in that sense, Lethe thought. "We can do it starting right now."