
I let out a gasp of relief and hopped off of the top bunk of my bed almost landing on my younger brother, Tobias.
"Morning Cody." My brother said.
"Hey Tobias?" I answered grabbing my school outfit out of the closet and handing him his.
"Thanks," he said taking his outfit from me.
"Your welcome." I answered.
Once we were dressed and our teeth were brushed we headed downstairs. We were greeted by our mom. "Hey boys did you have a good sleep?" She asked reminding me of my dream.
"I did." Tobias answered, "but I don't think Cody did."
"Why what happened did you have a nightmare?" Mom asked looking at me worriedly.
I shook my head, I didn't really feel like telling her about my dream, " No I'm just nervous about school I guess." I said hoping she'd buy it.
She did and she smiled and ruffled my hair, "don't be worried its the last day of school after all and I'm sure you did fine."
I smiled and we all headed into the kitchen. I looked at the counter and saw that mom made our lunches so I didn't have to worry about making them. We all sat down at the table and I pulled out some cereal for me and Tobias.
Once we were done eating Tobias and I headed towards the door grabbing our stuff and getting our shoes on. Today was the last day of school after all I was just finishing grade eight and Tobias was finishing grade 6.
I started heading out the door and My mom yelled after us. "I'm going to be home late tonight so don't burn the house down."
I smiled, "k, love you mom." Then we started heading towards school.
It was all going fine until he showed up, Billy Case. He walked toward us grinning wickedly and stopped just a few feet in front of us. I stopped Tobias from moving forward and a glared at billy.
"Well what do we have here," he asked out loud.
"What do you want Billy?" I asked continuing to glare at him.
"Just wondering what my two favourite people are doing." He answered the smile never leaving his face.
More like two favourite people to pick on, I thought numbly. Billy is bigger than me and is the leader of the hockey team so I knew if he decided he wanted to fight I would probably lose. "Just leave us alone Billy," I begged hoping that he'd just let us go.
No such luck. He laughed and moved even closer to us. "Why? Can't defend yourselves." He asked. Then he looked at Tobias, "well considering he can't even see I guess that's a yes."
I felt Tobias stiffen beside me. I sighed why does Billy always have to remind Tobias that he's blind?