
"Who?!" I could almost envision her in front of me, tugging on my sweater to answer her already.
"I'll tell you face-to-face. It's my turn to bring dessert. What you in the mood for? I'll make cookies if you want?" I heard her laugh at how rushed my questions were.
"Err.. I don't know." So I'm not such a great cook. My mom loves to cook, so I thankfully don't need to.
"Let me rephrase that, I'll pick up some cookies if you want!" I tried. She laughed.
"Sounds yum! I'll get started on your favorite then! I'll make you some homemade tacos and make sure it's extra spicy just the way you don't like." She giggled as I pushed open the school doors to start walking home. The bus already left, so I had to get walking those 8 blocks. This didn't exactly help with the whole injured back thing. I frowned thinking about it. I remember that Blaine was still waiting for an answer, so I said the first thing that came to mind.
"Yeah yeah, very funny."
"Come on Alan, you're just fun to mess with." She said, chuckling.
"Now you're sounding like all the jocks." I muttered. She went quiet. Great going Alan! I hit my face with my hand and forgot about the glasses. "Ow!" I coughed slightly in embarrassment. "I mean I'm sorry Blaine."
"No, you're right; you get bullied enough for me to add on to that list." She said in a quiet voice.
I passed by a garden and looked at the blue tulips. This was the only garden that grew them that I have witnessed. I always loved walking this way. I've always wanted to bring some to Blaine, but I never get the courage to actually give it to her. Sometimes I'm too shy for my own good.
"It's fine; you're the only exception." I felt heat run to my cheeks. It could be because of my gigantic smile? I sighed. But, shouldn't it be the other way around?
"I feel so honored." She said still sounding upset but she chirped up when she continued, "Remember last Thanksgiving, how your aunt wanted you to make mashed potatoes-" She reminded me while I started laughing. "She said she was just trying to give you an easy task."
"Hey, what happened to not wanting to add to the list of bullying me? No reliving that moment!" Now, she was laughing. People were looking at me weirdly, so I turned my face away so they couldn't see my cheeks turn anymore red. "Go make me tacos!" I told her smiling. She was the only one I could show my true self to.
"Go make me tacos!" She mocked. I smiled.
"Alan, you are so smart." I'd want to hear her say that.
"Alan, you are so smart." She quoted as I chuckled.
"I'm off to go make out with some hot chick." She wouldn't..?
"I'm off to go make out with some hot chick."
"That was hot.." I mumbled.
"That was hot." She heard that!?
"Blaine!" I said in disbelief!
"Blaine!" Two could play at that.
"Jesse Madison is the cutest guy ever." I said in a high-pitched mocking voice.
"Okay, I can't tell a lie." She chuckled. I sighed in relief.
"Good because he's the one who pushed me against the locker today." I admitted.
"No way! I can't believe how some people think they can get away with anything!"