
Dedicated to @gaby_hi_bye_hi who made me this awesome cover!
Update: 4/05/15** New trailer on the side! :D
***********
As I opened the guide for the 20th time tonight, many thoughts came to mind. I started thinking of how this seemed so crazy at the beginning yet it was funny because I was the one it reflected. The nerd, the one who didn't care how others saw me, I only cared about my best friend with a love that only she could capture. As I read the first page, Blaine's cursive handwriting appears clearly: My Nerd Project.
The things friends can help you overcome is amazing. So, here I was thinking of how far everything came, and it made me think of the beginning of the project. To how it all started.
~~
Alan's POV:
"You're gonna tell her to say yes, get it?" One more hit towards the locker. Did I mention I'm in between?
"I-I just don't think that y-you're her type.." I stuttered as I looked up into the eyes of my intimidator. He pushed me against the locker once more. Why did I say that? Now he's going to just keep hitting me. Come on Alan, it's not like he'll know if you don't! He's an idiot like the rest of them.
"I'm sorry; what?" His smile went wider. I doubt he's sorry because this A-hole keeps pounding me into that locker.
"I'll tell her to say yes." I spoke with clenched teeth. He's killing my back. One day jock, one day you'll see how it feels!
"Good nerd. I'll ask her out tomorrow during lunchtime; the time between is for you to convince her to say yes, which is about 24 hours. That's how nice I'll be." It's after school now, so it's not even 24 hours. Proves my point exactly.
"Okay." I agree as tears spring to my eyes.
"Good luck freak." One more hit. I heard something crack, but I sighed in relief as he was leaving. He added that last hit for emphasis, when I sure as heck am smarter than him!
"Thanks." I said to his retreated figure. I know he insulted me, but who wouldn't? Have you seen me? I put on my polka-dot sweater that my grandma sewed for me over my uniform. That smile on her face was a cherry on top to this great-looking sweater.
He went off with his friends. He had countless friends, while I only had one. I couldn't count her friends as my own. She's incredibly beautiful; why wouldn't she have so many friends? But, I want to be beautiful too, wait no- I mean, handsome.
My leg started vibrating as I got my phone out of my pants' pocket. I checked my phone to find Blaine calling. I smiled while answering my tracfone. Blaine tells me I should buy a new phone, but I don't see the point. She's the only one who calls, plus I'm with her most of the time anyway.
"Hey Alan!" Her cheery voice echoed in my ear.
"Hey, I was just coming to see you, Blaine. Sorry, I got held up at school." I could almost see her rolling her eyes.
"I bet chess club was too fun to miss out on." I chuckled at her teasing tone. I put a hand through my hair.
"Yeah, it was." I admitted shyly. I just finished before that A-hole started pounding me into that locker.
"Alan, sometimes I worry." I could hear the amusement in her voice. I fished my backpack out of the garbage and picked up my books that fell out. Compliments to Mr. A-hole.
"You should; guess who pushed me into the lockers today?" Gasp. Yes, she did gasp. As if it wasn't possible.