
Ah.... I miss when it was worth getting up every Saturday morning. You know why? Because of the cartoons. Sonic and Tom and Jerry, and the episodes of Pokemon when that series DIDN'T suck. And lets not forget Looney Toons. Oh, the nostalgia!
And then you know what the media decided to do? They decided to take this privilege away from children. And what's worse, they replaced it with crap and reduxes that don't do the originals justice.
Here's what was going through their heads (I would guess)
Oh, Sonic defied the government? We need to take him off so children don't get the same idea!
Oh, Tom and Jerry is teaching children that it's okay to let animals kill each other...
We need to fix Looney Toons so that little kids don't attempt the stupid shit the Wiley Coyote does!
No. Just... no.  Sonic was off the media for YEARS before they brought it back. And now I've seen every episode so many god damn times that it makes me want to crack my skull open. And they refuse to make new ones. Or there isn't any inspiration. But same difference.
Tom and Jerry is the same thing. And while I find The Looney Toons Show highly entertaining, it just doesn't match up to the old show.
And now Pokemon...
Satoshi Tajiri... with all due respect, I loved Pokemon. But your successors killed it. The new generation just doesn't work, most of the Pokemon look like scientific mistakes, and Iris... oh god kill me now. She's an annoying Mary Sue. Dawn was amazing. I want her back. I hope you are turning over in your grave in shame of what your pround manga/anime/video game empire has become.
How many of you have heard of the show Animaniacs? I only know it because of my dad. But I was apparently a couple years too late to get the full enjoyment of that series. And I'm sorry, but Youtube doesn't cut it. I love the video clips I've seen. It was the perfect series for both kids and adults to enjoy, because the kids learned and the parents understood all the dirty jokes haha.
I wish I could make a petition to bring back the GOOD cartoons, but unfortunately, it wouldn't be the same.
With this in mind, Pokemon X and Y is pretty decent... Not the same, but decent.
But the new Pokemon still suck.