
Oh dear... there are so many ways to start this one... yikes. *riffles through drawer of random beginnings. pulls out card. reads card.* ooh I like this one...
Hi there! I'm your typical bitch, with my pretty hair and face and stupid skinny legs. I'm such a slut, but YOLO, you know? I like to pick on the ugly girls until they cry, and I'm so shallow LOL. Total nerd right here, but I only say that to make fun of the nerds!
*rakes nails across chalkboard*
Firstly, a couple of my tormentors are like this. There's one in particular. Her name rhymes with Gauge. (hint: look back to my rant on people at my school who need to get high-fived in the face with a shovel). I hate them for being themselves. This has nothing to do with the fact that she was at it again today.
...you wanna hear about it, don't you...
Alright here we go.
Once upon a time in Biology, we were studying for the EOC (AKA, the uber major state exam that determines whether you take the class again or not), and there was one question in particular that was worded just right enough to make it confusing. So, while a few of the kids got one answer, kids like me who are a lot smarter and tend to overthink things got a different answer.
Okay... realistically, only.... two other people got the same answer I did. But I overthrown thinks, and technically, my answer could have been correct. It was about butterflies and an unintended consequence of adding a habitat and blah blah blah.
Anyway. The question was NOT specific whether or not the consequence was only for the butterflies, or the environment as a whole. So me and this other guy were fighting tooth and nail on our answer.
So the argument ends. Teacher asks us what we can do to ensure we get an answer right.
And so Paige pipes up "read the question all the way through." And she gives me a meaningful look. And so naturally, I told her off. Because I HAD read that question. Several times, in fact, to try and make sure I had made the right decision in picking an answer. Because unlike inside her little bottle-blonde head, my mind is extremely complex, and I tend to follow logic, and yadda yadda yadda. So there. Suck on that.
... I don't know what the point of that was. It sounded a lot more reasonable in my head. Anyway.
Now to get to the actual point of this: Bullies.
And this is where the music suddenly goes quiet and violins play and I tell you all about my sad life whilst a mascara river runs down my cheeks and I act all emo and expect you to feel sorry for me.
Ha. No seriously, fuck that.
I'll give you anecdotes of my life, sure. And I'll explain why I hate life in very vague detail. But this is a rant book, not a sob story. So only fine points will be given. The anecdotes will be brief. And I prefer to keep what happens to me to myself... Only the things that really piss me off make it on here. The rest stays in a jar.
Anyway, that went on longer than I wanted it to.
Once upon a time, in Seventh Grade, I was being homeschooled. All of a sudden, our school center was closing down. We had tried online school before. I hated it. I was lonely, and no one lived close enough to visit, and it just made things worse. So with nothing else to do, mom decides to put me into.... Dun dun dun! Public School.
My first day was January 3rd, 2011. And it was terrifying. I knew literally no one, nor where my classes were, nor how to act, nor how to make friends. Cause before this, I'd gone into 'arranged friendships', which always worked cause we ended up having the same interest, etc.