
Let me clarify something real quick. When I say 'diss', I mean call bands sell-outs, the listeners emo, the band gay, or the members faggots. They aren't cigarettes, you dumb fucks (see what I did there? No? Oh well, I'll explain later)
Okay... I can get away with insulting One Direction because I don't like their music. But all I really say is their a bunch of pretty boys with no real talent.
But no one, and I mean NO ONE has any right to call a band emo, gay, etcetera. Especially the ones who are truly heroes and are truly inspirational.
I bring this up because I like to surf YouTube for music, especially when people *Cough Cough Foreverz_Myself Cough* mention new music to check out. Or when I hear something really good on Pandora. But back to my point.
You all know by now that I LOVE Avenged Sevenfold. And Three Days Grace. And My Chemical Romance. And if you didn't know this, well... I REALLY love those bands. If it was legal to marry the albums, I would. But anyway, it seems every YouTube video has something bad to say about them. And not the whole 'they have no talent' shit.
Flashback to a long time ago, when I was dying to get my hands on The Black Parade album. I used YouTube to my advantage. Anyway, for those of you that listen to MCR, you know that The Black Parade was pretty dark. Or at least, you should. Well, just because The Sharpest Lives talks about killing people (I mean the second verse and the whole Romeo and Juliet bit) does NOT mean you can call MCR 'emo'. Honestly, that genre, nay, that whole fucking social group, is full of shit. Emo is short for emotional, which MCR admittedly was (emotional, I mean). Emo doesn't mean a group of depressed little fucks who slit their wrists and wear black all the time. Anybody who thinks that they are.... the only thing I have to say to you is....you're really fucking stupid. And anybody who considers themself 'emo'... No. Just no. You're being an attention whore.
Now... since I've probably insulted a lot of people, I'm moving on to my next point.
I think Justin Bieber is full of shit. He was when he first started out. And I think whoever invented YOLO can go die. But anyway, even in the days where I thought Mr. Crack-sniffer was a he/she, I never called him gay. Ever. Or a faggot. He's not a cigarette. Because fags in England are cigarettes... Yeah. Anyway, he's not a cigarette, or gay (that we know of).
So... Why do people call bands gay? I don't get it. I mean, Freddie Mercury was AMAZING, but he's the only gay singer I know of.
People, gay isn't an insult. It's a sexual preference. Bands are not a sexual preference, so stop calling them as such. I myself am bisexual, meaning I'm at least half lesbian. You don't see me running around calling bands lesbian, do you? Of course not! Which is why it really boils my blood when people call bands gay, because it's insulting ME, too.
Next.
Okay, I will admit that I don't enjoy Green Day's new sound as much as I do the old. I really don't. But I'm not going to call them sell-outs. I just... I don't do that shit. And maybe they aren't. I haven't decided, cause I stopped listening after 21st Century Breakdown. But honestly, I think they're running out of ideas.
Anyway. Here's MCR's discography, in genre. Rock, rock, alternative, punk. And that's going off what Window's Media Player told me.
Notice the last one? It shifted from Alternative to Punk. At least, according to Windows.
Now I will agree that Danger Days was a giant shift from The Black Parade, but they still had some of their old sound in Danger Days. And anybody who called them a sellout because of the sound shift, especially the fuckers who claimed to be fans, fuck you. In the words of Lily Allen (and Cee-lo Green), Fuck. You. Sure, the sound was different. But it was an experiment. People are allowed to do that.
So in short... to anybody who calls my favorite bands any of these things (Hell, if you call ANY bands any of this shit,) I'll be arriving at your house in 7 to 8 business days with a sledgehammer.
Can't you tell how pissed off this made me?