
Wow.
So recently I decided to do what any normal Wattpadder would do... and I went through all my old rants. Every single one of them.
Honestly? I cringed at some of them.
If anyone noticed, I deleted the whole homophobia rant a while ago. Mostly because my views have taken a shift from what I once believed, one big enough that the rant doesn't speak for my views and I anymore. It really doesn't.
And looking back, I realize that a LOT of these rants don't really speak for my views anymore. If anything, a lot of these are really, really childish.
I think this first occurred to me when my dad came home from work one day and told me he'd read all my rants all the way through. I was thoroughly embarrassed. I mean, it's odd hearing that your parents read your work. But this was more than that.
Honestly... I was a child. I was a brat a year ago. Not outwardly. But I was still a brat.
When I started these rants, I thought I was the hot shit. I thought I was right most of the time and I thought that people who didn't agree with me were moronic.
Sounds like someone else on here I know.
Anyway. The point is I'm NOT the hot shit. I'm a teenage girl with opinions that aren't always right. I am someone who realizes that opinions can and will change; I'm a walking example of this.
I guess the point of this rant is while I'm not ashamed I started this whole ranting project, I AM embarrased by the opinions of my thirteen-going-on-fourteen year old self.
This is not a note saying I'm going to stop ranting. I've got more topics in me and besides, this is really therapeutic in a way. This is just me saying that my rants have grown and so have I. And I accept that.
I will be going through and revising any and all rants where opinions have shifted or where they were just... dumb. Some will probably be deleted. Most likely.
Anyhow. It is with this that I say DON'T EXPECT ME TO UPDATE THIS.
Ranting isn't a common occurence. Actual writing takes presidence over letting out angry emotions. Besides, most of the time if I'm pissed I just kill a character and call it good. But yeah. I have other writing projects to attend to. I have to finish Clinker Girl [and it's about half-way done at the present]. I'm working on God-Slaying Machine. I have to eventually finish my rewrite of The Last Nephilim. Sometime. There are things more important than ranting.
Anywho. I tip my hat to those that have stuck with me thus far. Thank you very much for reading, and if this is the only thing of mine you've read then you REALLY should check out my other work.
Which is another thing I might rant about some day, how I never finish any projects...
Anyway.
So. I think that's about all I want to say on this matter.
Enjoi, both this and everything to come.