
Lets rewind time by a few months, shall we? You know what was going on late 2012?
Presidential Elections
I hate those like I hate trolls, god, and really bitter dark chocolate. They're a waste of time and money, and I constantly wanted to kill the person on the other end of the phone. Know why? Because EVERY SINGLE GOD DAMN DAY we got a call from some asshole saying "vote for so-and-so fo-" and then I'd hang up. Do people think we really have time for this shit?
And what's worse, is I'm only 14, and I can't vote. My mom's not legal enough to vote (she's from Canada, and she's legal enough to work and live here, but not vote), Her boyfriend can vote, but he's about the only one in our household that can. And even if I COULD vote, I either wouldn't, or I'd find a way to vote for Godzilla and be done with it. And to be honest with you, I think Godzilla would make a better president than anybody we've got going for us. And Godzilla isn't even real!
Away from elections for a moment, cause I'm sure I've already pissed off a few people.
The other side of this rant. Propaganda. Now, Wikipedia's definition of this is " a form of communication that is aimed towards influencing the attitude of a community toward some cause or position by presenting only one side of an argument."
Spot on, Wikipedia. Spot on. For once, you were reliable.
It's actually why I brought up elections, cause all of it is propaganda. And it's sick and evil and twisted.
Another example of this evil persuasive device is on the whole issue of global warming.
Okay, lets get something clear. I believe that the world is in bad shit right now, but I also believe that it's not as bad as the media and my school make it to be. You know why?
A couple of weeks ago, my brother Will came home with some info on Global Warming. You know why they gave it to him?
Because he's a child. He's freaking 8 years old. Perfect grade and age to start brainwashing the information into his head. And while my biology teacher and the world bitch about polar ice caps melting, they fail to mention the ice caps growing elsewhere. While they tell us to stop driving, they fail to mention that CO2 ALSO comes from cow shit! While they mention all of these species that are having problems with ocean acidification, they fail to mention the species that would survive!
And they do this in presidential elections, too. They point out flaws in the opponent, yet they fail to mention their own mistakes!
The way I see all of this, if everyone was honest, we'd be a better country. But we were made to lie. We were made to cheat and bully and it's sick. I'm ashamed to be a human some times.
So... any ideas on what I should rant about next?