
So this goes out to some... certain assholes. Ones I hate with with a goddamn passion. The authors who don't care. This includes poets, short story writers, and the people who write... whatever those things are, that aren't that funny at all, and really need to get removed. And the novelists. Can't forget the novelists.
So. Now that my target audience has been identified, my laser eyes have been set on vaporize, and I'm ready to destroy some people. So let's begin.
First. The poets who say 'fuck it, I'm not taking anyone's advice, so I'm not going to change it cause it was meant to be this way.'
These people should be thrown off of bridges face first into really heavy traffic. I'm serious. If there are grammar mistakes, it needs to be fixed. If there are spelling errors, it needs to be fixed. (Unless it's a slam poem) If there is no CAPITALIZATION FOR CRYING OUT LOUD, it needs to be fixed, and it needs to be done now, before I go all Invader Zim on all of you. If the rhyme scheme sucks, FIX IT! And if it's one giant block of text that you claim is a poem.... get off of Wattpad. Right. Now.
And if you're the chick who wrote out One Infection's biography, and put it in the poems section, get off the internet.
Second. The people who claim that they typed their shitty excuse for a story out really fast.
I don't care how fast you typed it out. You can always look over it. And the fact that you didn't tells me that you frankly don't give a shit about putting real motherfucking effort into your story! It makes me sick to come across this excuse. It makes me want to rip out my eyes and shove them down the person's throat.
Third. The people who seem to think that just because everyone ELSE loves it, they have nothing to fix.
No. No, no, and no. If you have no talent, I'm going to tell you that you have no talent. And I don't care if your lackeys come after me. I don't care if you all come flame my story in return. The fact of the matter is that you need to fix your shit, and only a few of us have enough balls to say so.
And finally, the people who self-publish their shit on Amazon, who are really terrible and need to take some creative writing classes.... And their story off of the market.
Once upon a time (yesterday) on Amazon, I decided to try and find a free ebook version of Alice in Wonderland. What I discovered was a book called Alice in Deadland. I decide to check it out, and download a sample, but only after reading all of the negative comments.
That book has got to be one of the worst books on the planet. Literary mistakes were EVERYWHERE. And it was quite a bore. I wouldn't have touched it again with a ten foot pole.
And to make things worse, all of the positive comments were fake, as in made by him, showing how desperate he was to make money.
Person, I hope you burn in hell for this crime against literature.
Moral of the rant:
Don't do any of these things, and we'll get along just fine.