
Because I got really weird and random, this is going to be done in the format of an LD debate case. I encourage you to construct a NEG case if you know what LD debate is, let alone want to debate the NEG. This is the AFF. Also, please note that this entire case is satyrical and the only thing that should be taken seriously is the meaning behind it.
A wise man once said "It is better to remain stupid and be thought an idiot, than to speak and prove everyone right."
It is with this in mind that I affirm the resolution; "Resolved: In the Wattpad Cafe, stupidity should not reign supreme over facts and evidence when the two come into conflict." Affirming achieves the value of morality, through the criterion of Utilitarianism.
Contention 1: Stupidity has reigned for far too long in the Wattpad Cafe as it is
According to Wattpad HQ, a lot of people are reported daily for stupid activity. This activity ranges from "trolling" to blatantly insulting others, to jumping into flame wars with each other.
"Indeed," said a Wattpad Ambassador, who prefers to be nameless, "it's getting so hard to keep track of all the stupidity in Wattpad, especially in the forums. The main place where everything goes wrong? The Cafe."
Contention 2: If we continue to let stupid people be stupid, they will get nowhere in life.
According to the University of Fake Statistics, people just keep getting stupider and stupider as time goes by. Long ago, people were more intellectual, but with the increase of technology and arrogance, civilization among the masses has dropped to an all-time low. More people than ever are going to end up flipping burgers at McDonalds if we allow stupidity to flourish.
Contention 3: It's completely pointless to argue with a stupid person.
How many times have you tried to argue with someone who obviously lacked a few brain cells, only to realize that the only way you could win is if you knocked out the opposing side? This is nearly always how arguments between smart and stupid people turn out, says Dr. John Doe from the University of Fake Statistics. He continues by saying "Stupid people have no premise to their arguments, and the only thing that could allow them to win is your sheer frustration. You know you can beat them, be it metaphorically or entirely physically, but the problem is that you can't. No matter how you look at it, stupidity is always going to be an issue that society cannot conquer."
The unnamed Ambassador from Wattpad HQ adds to this, saying that "While [stupidity is] not reversable, the effects can be dumbed down enough to make it a minor issue. The first place to start with this is in the Wattpad Cafe."
My criterion of Utilitarianism fits into the entire case very nicely, as Utilitarianism is the philosophy of doing the most good for the most amount of people. By removing, or greatly reducing, stupidity, we are immediately increasing the IQ of several people and reducing the anger levels of others. It is our moral obligation to do the most good for the most amount of people, and so when presented with evidence, stupidity should fall inferior in any circumstance.
I now stand for cross-examination.
<I'm so showing this to my Debate teacher on Monday. He's gonna be so proud of me>