
Okay, this might sound conceited and whatnot, but I AM right... some of the time. And in those times that I am right, there's always one chick who tries to correct me.
Flashback to Thursday in my Choir Class. I was talking about Wattpad to my best friends, and this one chick who ISN'T EVEN PART OF THE CONVERSATION says to me in the snottiest, most bitchiest voice I've ever heard,
"Excuse me, it's not Wattpad (like the electric measurement, watt's), it's Watpad (like W@tpad)"
"Sure, let's go with that one" I told her, giving her my most shit-eating grin.
"Actually, it is. I've been on that site for years and I've been to one of their conventions. It's W@tpad"
In my head: Bitch, shut the hell up. This is MY conversation, not yours, so back the hell away from us and mind your own goddamn business. Besides, I'll say it however the hell I want to, k? Now screw off before I smash your skull in.
Out loud: "This is my conversation, not yours, I'll say it how I want to."
Basically, she was trying to correct me on pronunciation. I frankly don't give a shit if it's W@tpad or Franklin, I'm going to say it how I want to. It's like the pronunciation of Rhianna. And if you freaking correct me, you're going to get a one-way ticket to a really gruesome death, especially if I'm right.
Besides, this site is relatively new, I've never heard of conventions for it, and regardless, I'm going to call it how I want to. Hell, I'll name it HOWARD or the mother-freaking T.A.R.D.I.S if I so desire, and you can't do shit about it.
Flashforward to yesterday, in my Biology Class. RIGHT before the bell rang we had to cut something, and this one chick comes to me and says that I did it wrong.
And you know what? Turns out she was wrong. So suck it.
Flashforward to now.
I'm probably like every other goddamn human being on this planet in the sense that I hate being wrong. I will defend my position with my LIFE, even after the ship has a lot of bulletholes in it and I'm starting to sink with it. Doesn't matter, I'm still right.... Until I'm wrong.
So yeah, that's the latest thing to piss me off. I think I'll have another one right after this one about the Day of Silence we had yesterday.
Stay dangerous, and stay beautiful, keep it ugly. For all you Killjoys, Bullet-loosers, Black Paraders, and Revenge Seekers out there, we're still a family no matter what.
Oh yeah, a rant about that, too.
I'm rambling now. I'm out. *poofs out like a boss*