
Make me some characters! [The "Character Help" thread Rant, as well as a rant on everything else related to this]
Before I begin, lets get one thing clear. There is NOTHING wrong with bouncing character IDEAS off of other people, or needing help with a certain characteristic of a character. Say, if you think the character doing such-and-such would then make them OOC (Out Of Character) but need some outside feedback.
Likewise, there is nothing wrong with asking if such-and-such an element in the story distracts from the plot, especially when you're editing the story.
Now, with this is in mind, it is absolutely NOT okay to blatantly ask for characters or plotlines, or places, or anything of the sort. Doing any of these things immediately means that the story isn't entirely YOURS anymore, and is instead YOURS and whoever it is that helped you.
On a slightly different tangent, having a character FRAME from someone and altering them to make them your own is okay.
Now, let me tell you something, all my characters are mine. I've spent HOURS developing personalities and characteristics, developing worlds and aliases and the people that interact with them. Hell, in some cases, I've made my own religion and ruler system. I have all the details down to a T. I've spent so much time and energy doing ALL of this work, JUST so the story can be my own, so it can be real, so it can be an accurate representation of my imagination and the characters I have.
Hell, this might sound insane, by I have my own UNIVERSE in my head where all my characters live and fight and play and interact with each other, because they'r MY CHARACTERS.
And so, you can imagine that when I see create-a-character threads, I tend to go a little off my rocker. Here I am, having spent so much time on each and every one of my characters, and developing relations to them and their situations to make the entire story seem more real, and there THEY are with characters that are not theirs. It just makes me really mad.
Let me tell you a secret: Creating your own characters make the story seem more real.
Creating your own places makes the enviroment seem more real.
Creating your own plot makes the entire fucking STORY seem more real.
I don't know what else to say about this...Other than if you can't be bothered to come up with your own goddamn characters, don't be a writer. It's that fucking simple.
I realize some people are probably going to come for my head for this one, but I frankly don't care. I stand by my opinion that people who don't make their own characters are lazy, and they can think whatever they want. Up to them.