
Fucking mosquitos, man. Or girl. Whichever you are. Maybe you're a robot. In which case, fucking mosquitos, robot.
Okay. So I love summer. I love that school is out. I love that I don't have to deal with dickheads. I love that it's nice and I get to eat ice cream.
But you know what I hate about summer? No? Well I'm about to tell you.
1. The fucking mosquitos. I hate those blood suckers with a fierce passion. They can go die. My blood belongs to ME!... And the vampires.
2. The sun.
Now before you start giving me shit, just listen, okay? My room is positioned in the side of the house where the sun rises. Ergo, I get to see the sun rise. You know what's bad about that? The fact that my curtains are completely inadequite, which means the sun wakes me up.
This actually adds into my third point, which is the heat.
3. How. Fucking. HOT. It. Is.
I swear to god I want to melt in this heat. At least in Nevada my dad has an AC. But we don't have one here in Washington. So my house turns into an oven is what I'm trying to say. And so we let the door open, which lets the little blood fuckers from #1 fly into the house and feast on our flesh divine. Someone get my a fly swatter, I have some bitches to kill.
Now. How this ties into #2.
My curtains are completely inadequate, yadda yadda yadda. I have this 'thing' where I can NOT sleep in any sort of light. My bed is positioned in such a way in my room that I can see the living room light when it's on. And when it's on, I can't fall asleep. And if the door is open even just a little and the light is on, I can't fall asleep.
Which means that when the sun wakes up, so do I. Which means instead of waking up at... 8, I wake up at 5 or 6. That's too fucking early.
Now. How all of this ties into how hot it is.
I have a giant comforter on my bed. Now for those of you who have those as well, you know that they're hot as fuck. Unfortunately for me, I don't have any thin blankets to cover my entire body. Which means when I cover my face, my little piggies (my toes) are stranded in the cold. Which means I can't fall asleep.
And since my comforter is as hot as the Devil's ass, I can not cover my face in the morning when the fucking sun comes up. I get too hot. End of story.
4. The shit conditions of swimming pools.
We had a giant pool in my back yard a few years ago. We ended up tearing it down because we couldn't take care of it, and bugs started living in it, and they bit the shit out of me any time I tried to go into the water. I'm fucking serious. We had it for a couple of years, and the year we tore it down, I got in one day, got bit, and never got in again because I was terrified of the little fuckers.
Now, the pools at places like Motel 6 are fucking awesome. A little too small to do much, but they're fun and deep enough to where my feet can't touch the bottom.
However, my dad lives in Nevada, and he works at the Naval Air Station there (he's in the Navy). I've taken trips to the base swimming pool. There are rows for people to swim back and forth, and then it just DROPS. By which I mean it goes from 3 feet to 9 feet + in only a few steps.
Now I love swimming. But when I'm bobbing up and down, I get fucking terrified if my feet can't touch the bottom.
I realize that the pools are made for fucking GIANTS and not teenage girls, but they still could have bothered to have a bit of a larger middle ground.
They do make up for it by having a kickass slide, though. So I suppose I can't complain that much.