
Yep, you read that right. This rant, we're talking about the questions that philosophers came up with to piss people off. This includes the famous question, "Which came first, the chicken or the egg?"
That question makes me want to throw my computer out the window. I honestly don't care which came first, they're both delicious. That, and I don't question biology. Not why we have two arms, two legs, two nostrils, two eyes, two lips, two ears, and only one life.
Then there's this question: "If a tree fell in a forest, and there was no one around to hear it, would it make a sound?"
Of course it'd make a freaking sound! Whether no one's around or not doesn't affect it at all. It's like asking "If you screamed in the forest and no one was around to hear it, would you make a sound?" It'd make a freaking sound, it just wouldn't save your life. Or do whatever the hell it was supposed to do... except maybe cause an avalanche.
"What would happen if you were in a car traveling at the speed of light and you turned on the headlights?"
A time paradox! I don't know, maybe you magically summon Dr. Who. Maybe light comes out of the headlights but you don't see it! Maybe it comes out of the car's ass! I don't freaking know!
"What is the speed of dark?"
It's either the same as the speed of light, or 0.
"If you try to fail at something, and succeed, what have you done?"
You've succeeded at failing. Simple. God...
"If 4 out of 5 people suffer from diarrea, does the ffth one enjoy it?"
No! It means they don't have diarrea!
"How old would you be if you didn't know how old you were?"
No.
"If people disappear without a trace, how do people know they're missing?"
Oh god... They would know they're missing, obviously. They just wouldn't find them.
"What is the opposite of opposite?"
No.
"How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?"
Infinity. Unless you have no tongue, that is.
"what does the K in K-mart actually stand for?"
Krap.
You see what I'm saying? All of these questions are so unbelievably STUPID!