
Apparently, people just aren't freaking getting it. I don't know how many times I need to spell it out for you all, but....
Alright *cracks knuckles* here we go.
First, the "art" of critiquing. What is it? How does it work? Is there any way to do it without being an asshole?
It is basically telling people where they went wrong in stories.
... You read someone's story, and you leave a comment telling them how to get better.
Believe it or not, there IS a way to critique someone without sounding like an asshole. However, this is a form I like to dub "Sugar-coating". You know what's bad about sugar-coating things?
You're still giving the author what he/she wants to hear. And in the case of a shit story... just don't sugar-coat things.
And now to go over what is a critique, and what isn't.
This is a critique:
-Pointing out spelling mistakes
-Pointing out grammar mistakes
-Pointing out punctuation mistakes
-In the case of poems, the rhyme scheme and flow
-How well the author in question describes things
-Showing VS. Telling
-Pointing out mistakes in the summary
-Talking about formatting
This is NOT a critique
-Telling the author in question that the story is bad without saying why
-Saying the story is GOOD without saying why
-Complaining about the title, unless it's one like "I'm a werewolf, he's a vampire, and I'm knocked up with his kid"
See the difference? Here, I tell you EXACTLY what is or is not a critique. So the next time I drop by your story and leave a critique, please come here and use this for reference. And if I seem mean about it... well too bad. I don't sugar-coat for anyone.
Now, if I start talking about formatting, I could mean a couple of different things. For poems, it could be a few things.
Poem Formatting
The good way
Just a random poem
Nothing special to see here
Why am I even writing this?
I really need to stop
But I can't....
Ugh. I suck at writing on the spot
The bad way, Version 1
Another random poem
I honestly don't know why I do this
I should just give up now
And go find some cookies
The bad way, Version 2
Can you tell that this is a poem If you look real closely? Can you tell that I have No clue what I'm doing?
Story Formatting
The good way