
When I hit the start menu button, I'm plunged into a world of bright colors and changing boxes that show me the news and the weather and the things I have in my pictures, my docs... etc. Take the scroll bar on the bottom and I have a different section, full of the "apps" I have. Netflix, Kindle, IheartRadio, all that fun stuff. Scroll over some more and I have the useless things I will never, ever use, let alone really touch.
Okay, so you get the gist of this.
The problem is I can't pin anything else to one of these sections. I just can't. I've tried. I've tried searching and dragging, or right clicking and messing with things and NOTHING.
See, if this was made for the sake of "convenience", then I should be able to set my things up how I want, when I want, without all this trouble.
But no.
Here's another problem with the OS, and partly with the computer, I suppose.
See, you all know how to take screenshots, yes? Good. Well, that took a slight shift on my keyboard.
Moving on.
Going back to my whole Skype/Minecraft fiasco story, I was trying to send Annie screenshots of my comp so we could try to figure this out, cause nothing else was working at the present.
It took me a couple minutes to figure out how to screenshot again.
It took me another three trying to find Paint.
You know how, in Windows 7, almost every time you used a program it would pin to your start menu?
Yeah, no, Windows 8 doesn't do that.
Which means EVERY TIME I want to use something NOT pinned to the Start menu, I must now search for it. And going through my programs in Windows 8 isn't quite as easy as it was in Windows 7.
I want a downgrade. Ugh. I hate Windows 8.
I currently hate everything about Microsoft. They messed my things up and I don't like my things to be messed with. I like things exactly how I set them up and I don't want anyone to muck with that
Moral of this insanely long story:
Don't. Get. Windows. 8. Ever.
I realize that a bit of this sounds like technical babble and doesn't make much sense but that's okay. I felt like ranting about how terrible Windows 8 is. It seriously sucks.