
Haha.
Hahaha.
HahaHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
No.
Can you guess what this is about?
No? Good. Means I'm doing my job.
Today's rant is about the people who have their heads so far up their ass that they take criticism as "hating", and insist that they're being hated.
Newsflash, bitchacha. You ARE hated, for having your head so far up your ass. Your ego is showing.
I've seen my fair share of this. I used to have a habit of going around critiquing shit... which, more often than not, started an insane shit-storm. I have learned my lesson and only approached those who want it, but still... While I was a bit of a crude asshole, I DID have a point. Even now, when I'm trying to be nice (haha, me? Nice? Ha, no), I still get crap, saying I'm just jealous.
Okay, first of all, not to be cocky or anything, but I'm better than you. Both in quality, and attitude.
Second of all, jealous of... what, exactly? Your Wattpad popularity? YEAHHHHH.... Right. Wattpad popularity doesn't mean anything to me (and I pretend that not getting on the WHL doesn't bother me in the slightest), and just because you have a bigger following doesn't mean anything to me. Guess who's got LOYAL fans?
Oh, right, me. And I have less fans than you. I have people who have my back. You, in most cases, just have a following of hormonal teenagers who wouldn't know the difference between rape and concensual sex if it hit them in the face with a bus.
Besides, I know for a fact that if your story has more flaws than a celebrity's plastic surgery, that I'm not jealous. Far from it. I'm repulsed. And I know for a fact that if I'm repulsed, I'm also a better writer than you.
I totally do not mean to be a cocky bitch. It's just the truth.
You know what else pisses me off? When your fans attack me for speaking the truth, and you egg them on! What kind of messed up planet do you come from? You know what? I wasn't hating, THEY are. Now get your head out of your ass, because they can get banned for cyberbullying, and you are guilty by association.
You know... my mom wants me to be a lawyer, and I'm starting to see her point... Proving a bitch wrong is really theraputic.
Anyway.
Next rant:
Fighting over shit that doen't matter
Stay tuned for it.