
I'm serious. Look in the description of any of his videos. He asks his fans to just ignore the shit he gets because he's doing this to have fun. He wants his viewers to have fun, and by retaliating to the spammers and the haters, they aren't really having fun.
Back to the point of this rant. There are some of the more obsessive fans of his that DO retaliate... and in doing so bring themselves as low as the haters and spammers. YouTube comments have gotten so horrible lately. And these obsessive fans go overboard. Several times I've seen them tell these people to go kill themselves, or call them these awful things...
Now translate this to any other fandom. Would you REALLY want to be a part of the fanbase that has members like this? Cause I wouldn't.
But of course, we all get butt-hurt over everything nowadays. Even I do, and I'm not afraid to admit it.
Oh yeah... I'll have a rant about THAT next.
Anyway, okay. So I've read this story on here that have 7 tips to improve your writing. I actually really like it. The first tip was on DRAMA. And in it, he had an example of the Hunger Games in a... er... negative light. And the responses on that chapter ALONE were astounding. There were the ones who agreed with him, of course (me), the people who agreed with everything EXCEPT the Hunger Games part, but didn't act like butt-hurt assholes about it. And then... there were the people who trashed him in entirety JUST because of the Hunger Games part. Like, REALLY? SERIOUSLY?!
Lastly, there are the VOCALOID fans that I am going to rant about. Now before I begin, VOCALOID is a voice synthesiser product produced in Japan, and it's famous in a lot of freaking places. I myself love it, despite them not being "real" singers. You know why? Because unlike the mainstream SHIT flowing through the radio these days, they don't sing about money, drugs, and sex. Well... they kind of brush the last topic, but on more important real-life instances. Not about strippers and how and where the "singer" is going to screw them.
Now, the fangirls (and guys) are a little different. For instance, the people on youtube who have account names under the persona of VOCALOID stars, and then the people that "interact" with them. I get it, it's your "cute" form of role-play. But it's a waste of time and energy and effort and honestly? You look childish.
Fangirls (and guys) overall are pretty cool, with the whole being dedicated to whatever they're a fan of and whatnot. I myself am a die-hard fan of many, many rock bands [I have a list] But when someone disses any of these groups, I don't become a prick about it. Normally, I don't really say anything, because it's on youtube videos and I know better than to get myself into that. But even on here, I just kinda leave it be. A sort of "I think you're wrong, but I understand how taste works and therefore I respect your opinion" thing.
So for the fans that respect other opinions besides their own. Thank you.
And to the rest of you... One day you're going to realize how childish you look now. And when that day comes, you're going to regret everything you've ever done.