
This isn't said enough, I can tell. This isn't drilled into the minds of everyone who steps onto the Wattpad scene, which is sad, because it really should be, especially since this is something you take in to get in here.
Listen, kids. We have rules for a reason. Shocking, I know. But it's true.
See, Wattpad has a TOS. A Terms Of Service, a list of rules. No matter how you say it, Wattpad has rules, ones that need to be followed.
There are two sorts of rules that I shall address for you today. Basic website rules, and forum rules.
Website Rules
No one ever seems to read these anymore. Yet this website has basic rules, so I don't understand it. I mean, take rule 3.C.
You will not create an account if you are under 13 years of age.
Sounds pretty basic, right?
You would not BELIEVE how many people I find breaking this rule on a regular basis. It's like I'm the only person reading the rules anymore, and that's just sad. I mean, how many people had heard of rule 3.D before right now?
You will not use Wattpad if you are a convicted sex offender.
Raise your hands if you actually knew about this rule before I just mentioned it.
About half of you didn't even know about this rule before now.
Oh, and how about rule 6.D?
you further agree that you will not submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner and the necessary consents from any individuals whose personally identifiable information is contained in such material to post the material and to grant Wattpad.com all of the license rights granted herein.
AKA: Do not take other people's work unless you have sole and express written permission from the original author of the story.
Do you know how many people I find breaking this rule on a day to day basis? A lot. In fact, know how many people on a day-to-day basis I find breaking these rules?
*Sigh*
The second part of this rant is about forum rules. You know, those guidelines that are in the pinned thread that no one reads? Yeah, those ones.
Lets have a look at some of the rules, shall we?
For every club, the following rule is universal.
Please do not share links to your story or self-advertise in any form (self-advertising is the act of directing anyone towards your work in any way).
Yet every freaking day, I find at least ONE dumbass who decided that they were going to ignore the rules, or they phrased it in such a way to make it look like they weren't breaking them. It went a little something like...
Dumbass: Herp-di-derp. I'm just going to post this here and hope the mods don't see this.
Me: *tags mods*
Dumbass: Who are they?