
I first heard about this when Wattpad sent me an email about it... And I looked over it, scoffed, and deleted the bastard child in the matter of a minute.
But like all secrets, this had no intention of staying buried.
Lets start by painting a scene for all of you. So, yesterday I'm reading AuRevoirSimone's rant book. I think this book originally started with her bitching at people writing shitty sex scenes, but it's evolved into a rant book... I think.
Anyway, she posted a new entry on it yesterday, all about Fan Funding.
Now, what this little bastard is, is it's a feature allowing people to pledge money to select authors, for whatever reason. The first person to take place in this is a girl name MercyRose.
Now, before I go on, seeing as how you're probably too lazy to look her up, MercyRose is a woman who has self-published four books up to this point in time. All she has to say on this matter is "I wish to make writing my full-time career, please help me make my dream come true."
First thing wrong with this.
I would agree with this idea, if it was going to someone who hasn't self-published four books. Better yet, I'd be even MORE supportive of this if the person taking part in this needed funds to self-publish their first book ever... and it was truly a really good book. Then by all means, I'd help this person out.
However, this is not the case here. Ergo, I think this participant is being ridiculous.
Second thing wrong with this.
Eventually, after years of editing and agonising over how to get better, I want to get my books published... whether this be through a publisher or Amazon, I'm not sure yet. But either way, I know that being an author is not the only thing I can do to make ends meet, unless I end up like Nora Roberts, Stephen King, or J. R. Tolkien. The fact that this chick thinks she'll be able to float by with these funds is so blasphemous that I am incapable of wrapping my head around it! It's just so... stupid!
Third thing wrong with this.
This girl is entirely WAY too vague as to what she's using this money for.
Let me tell you why this is a problem for me.
Once upon a time (two years ago), my English class was forced to read a story called Three Cups of Tea, by a guy called Greg Mortenson. At the time, I was absolutely fascinated with his book, because it was about his travels in Pakistan, building schools for the children there. At the end of the year, he came to visit and talk to us. We decided to fundraise money before then, and give it to him for his project. I was one of the people at my school to have given the most money.
Last year, there was this whole scandal with him, cause his project isn't really... real. In retrospect, I'm mad at myself for allowing myself to believe his bullshit, but he was one of my heroes at the time.
Long story short, I am EXTREMELY apprehensive about giving my money to ANYTHING. Except the ASPCA. They're legitimate. And I love animals. But other than that, if I'm even going to CONSIDER giving my money to ANYTHING, I'm gonna go all CSI and investigate this shit, so as to avoid getting scammed again.
Anyway, because MercyRose is extremely vague on what she's going to do with the money, I just feel that this feature is outlandish. That, and/or they chose the wrong person.
Anyway, that's just my take on it. I'd honestly LOVE to see what you guys have to say on this. And I'm not being sarcastic.
Moral of the rant:
Wattpad is digging itself into an increasingly bigger ditch, and pretty soon, they're gonna end up in China.
-Chemical_Insanity