
I'm guilty of it, you're guilty of it. The guy sitting at the very back of the classroom with the earbuds in his ears is guilty of it.
"Guilty of what?" you ask? Name calling.
There are two groups to this atrocity, and then three subgroups.
The said-in-silence-to-let-my-feelings-out Group
This group says things about others, but only to themselves and a select few. I am part of this group. I go home and write out everything I hate about a particular person, and the things I've wanted to say and call them, and then I rip it up and lock it in a tin. I'm waiting to find a way to burn it. Point is, I say it where and when no one can hear me, and/or get hurt by what I have to say. And in the case of people being tormented, they say it to themselves, too, so as to avoid getting their ass kicked, and/or made fun of more.
The I'm-such-a-badass-that-I'm-going-to-say-it-loud-enough-for-the-bitch-to-hear-me Group
This group means business, armed with a football or cosmetics, and they're going to find any way possible that they can think of in their pea-sized brains to ridicule you into oblivion. These taunts include but are not limited, to:
-Pointing out your mistakes
-Purposefully tripping you
-"accidentally" spilling their lunch on you
-etc.
They have the attention span and brains of a goldfish. Actually, that's an insult to goldfish, cause goldfish are a lot smarter. The point is, they're weak-minded individuals who say the same shit over and over again. And though they are lying assholes that deserve to be run over by Rin Kagamine, we still freaking believe them.
The three sub-groups to name calling
The teasing Name-calling
Said in a joking matter. Used in light-hearted situations. For example, calling someone stupid when they fail a video game level. This (normally) doesn't insult the target, nor is it meant to.
The In-the-heat-of-passion-ah-shit-didn't-mean-to-say-that Name-calling
This happens to the best, and worst, of us. In situations where we are extremely pissed, we tend to say shit we don't mean. Anything of offense in that situation belongs here.
The no-bullshit, I-just-meant-to-hurt-you Name-calling
Used by our pea-brained blokes of classmates, they actually meant offence to you. And when you not-so-kindly point out that they're being douche-bags, they deny it. Assholes. These people are merciless bitches who need to go die in a hole.
Moral of the rant
Don't be a bird-brained idiot. Just don't. And if you mean offence, keep it to yourself. Cause the next person to say shit to my face is going to get high-fived in the face with a freaking hammer, and then buried alive. And once I dig them back up, I'm burning that bitch and scattering their ashes to the four winds.