
Face it, we all saw this one coming. It just has to be said, because people are obviously not getting the message.
Okay. I am going to type a sentence below, and you're going to see if you can understand what the hell I'm saying.
o mi god giz!!!!!! tnx soooo much 4 al de votes nd coments, thay meen soo much 2 meee!!!! i <3 u al!!!!
Any clue what I just said? I'm sure it hurts your head, doesn't it?
-Firstly, nothing is capitalized.
-Secondly, the spelling, obviously.
-Thirdly, the punctuation.
That doesn't look even remotely comprehensible. Are the brains of the new generation wired to suddenly understand this shit? Has this been wired into the minds of children born from 2000 to now? Was I a year too early to understand? Were children invaded by aliens at night? Did they read shitty bedtime stories as children? Seriously, how did this atrocity become so popular?!
And now to correct that god-awful sentence, just because my soul is dying just THINKING about the two sentences of monkey/type-writer magic.
Oh my god, guys! Thank you so much for all of the votes and comments! They mean so much to me! I love you all!
There. Was anyone able to guess what I had typed in that GARBAGE before I fixed it? Besides those of you that had to do some thinking. I mean the people that got all that right off the bat and normally talk like that.
If so.... I honestly don't know what to tell you. I honestly don't.. other than I'm sorry. I'm sorry you were dropped on your head as a child, or suffered some other form of brain trauma. I'm sorry you were forced to watch a pedophilic purple dinosaur as a child, or whatever the hell gave you the idea that spelling deserves to get thrown out the window. I'm sorry.
This generation is sad. I know a kid that's older than me, and he can't spell Microsoft. Honestly, I've lost hope in humanity.
You know why I bring this up? Because obviously, the world has lost sensible human beings, and they've all been replaced by alien mutants that couldn't quite grasp our language. I got into a fight with such a specimen. She's lucky I couldn't track her down and murder her. There's all there is to it.
All I'm saying is do you really expect me to respect someone who spells "really" as "rele" ?