
It's time for another round of TWPYHOO (Things Worth Pulling Your Hair Out Over), and if you didn't get it from the title, this rant is about Writer's Block.
Writer's Block, oh Writer's Block, I want to do unspeakable things to you. Namely, throw you off a cliff into a pit of lava. And boilin your non-existant face with flaming hot soda. But, I can't do that, now can I. One, because you are a mental state of being, and two, because it's better to laugh when I've won yet another battle against you.
Okay, I've actually met someone who didn't know what Writer's Block is. I wanted to high-five them in the face.... With a hammer. Or a staple gun... can't decide.
But back to my point, I am now going to define Writer's Block for the literary illiterate.
Writer's Block: (Right-Er-s Blok) Noun. The mental state of being where no matter how many times you hit your head, bite on the tip of your pencil (or keyboard, for all you tech savvies out there) , and scream to the skies in anguish, you just simply cannot go on with your story. It is painful, and it sucks ass, and we've all (hopefully?) gone through it. It makes your life miserable as you try so hard to fit another word on that paper (or computer screen), and after hours of desperate attempts, you can't. Flipping. Do. It. (Me, 2013 (see what I did there? I just cited that shit))
So yeah, that's Writer's Block for you. And as the above paragraph explains, that philosophical state of mind is a piece of shit. And I hate it. And I want to high-five its face... with the pointy end of a hammer. Anyone know what that's called? No? Anyway.
Lets face it, I'm a procrastinator. And a quitter. And it's hard to keep my eyes on the imminent (and somewhat impossible to achieve) prize. I've given up on so many stories that I should get an award. Actually, no, I shouldn't. That would give me even MORE reason to abandon them. Point is, I have a mile-long list of story ideas. Most have failed. Others I forget. I abandoned a lot of them. And the very few lucky ones are on this website. And I've killed more of Writer's Block's little demon babies than I care to count.
Moral of the rant is:
Writer's Block is an evil little demon child, and I want to destroy it.