
Yet another TWPYHOO. Look at that acronym. Isn't it lovely? It likes compliments.
Okay. So... impossible words, to start with. Words that are freaking useless... until we actually need them. Words like the pointy end of a hammer, of the plastic tips on (most) shoelaces. In example, my last rant I was talking about wanting to hit people with the pointy end of a hammer. WTF is that? So, I did some research. Go ahead, die of horror. I did freaking research.
Turns out, it is called the "claw". Go figure. And the blunt end is called the head.
And then, there are words like Aglet. I only know this word because of Phineas and Ferb (don't judge me, it's one of the only cartoons that still rock). It is the plastic part of a shoelace. Again, go figure.
Next. The rest of the English language.
It's confusing and hard and a chore. It makes me wonder how so many foreigners attempt to learn it. It's got to be the hardest language to learn, right beside Chinese (I think).
You know why it's so hard? Cause unlike Hawaiin, with like... X amount of meanings for one freaking word, we have a bagillion different words. And, did you know that the ou sound has about 9 different sounds? Last I checked, it was six, and that's STILL too many!! Why wouldn't we be like Japan, with 40-some sounds? Or like Spain and Mexico? Spanish is kinda easy, and I know basic spanish. It's probably so much easier than english. I mean, I grew up speaking english, so I don't know. But if anyone out there speaks english as a second language, then comment with your experiences!
Anyway, all I'm saying is that the english language is complex and hard and I hate it sometimes. They should come up with a book to guide us through it. And it'd probably be a mile high. And it'd be called The Useless Language for the Everyday (Wo)Man
Someone should write that. I will be the first one to buy it.. seriously.
Speaking of which, I've noticed that I use the word "seriously" about as much as wanna-be gangster children and preppy bitches use the word "literally". I need to find a new word. TO WEBSTER!!!
The power of Webster repels you!
-As said by in Acting last semester by my friend, Justice