
Fanfiction [Or, The Rant That Will Either Kill Me Or Make Me Well-Revered]
Not quite a rant, more a "food for thought"
A while ago, I was reading an old rant of someone's. It was all about fanfiction. This person is a good friend of mine on here and I completely agree with them.
What sparked this wasn't actually her, either. It was a comment [or rather, a series of comments] from one person. And then, somewhere in some other discussion [I don't remember where] said something and I had to sit down and think about it.
Despite it being a year since I actually ventured into fanfiction [aside from one certain one whose title is also a preposition/adverb and that I only read to see what the friggen hype was about] here goes...
First of all, we need to understand that there are two types of fanfiction on this site, or in general: Real Person Fanfiction [RPF] and... I'll call it Regular Fanfiction. The former takes a person/band and makes a story about them. Finally, a way to live out our fantasies of our favorite actors... and kind of unnerving. The latter takes the universe/characters/plots/other of books, games, anime, TV shows, etc. and builds off of them. Want to write an ending to Death Note that wasn't completely pointless and makes sure Light was never found out? Or want to ship your favorite TV pairing? Rewrite a sequence of events? With fanfiction, you can do that!
I personally have nothing against regular fanfiction. RPF, though? RPF concerns me.
Second thing we need to understand is that my friend was not bashing on fanfiction. Hell, what she really did was vent frustration at the RPF she's seen. There's no harm in that! It's what I would have [and I have] done.
So the two types of responses to fanfiction [RPF or otherwise] I saw kind of appalled me, for different reasons.
The first person was an asshole, pure and simple. Their entire point was that my friend was stupid and that fanfiction was fine and all that. That latter part is fine and all. Fanfic has the potential to be awesome, just like any other story. It also, however, has the potential to fall flat on its face. And when it does, it should be pointed out.
The second response, the one that came from a discussion I no longer remember the origins of, essentially said that all fanfiction should be banned, or at the very least, removed from here and put on Fanfiction.net. I'd actually thought about responding, but it looks like I didn't because when I came to finish this, I found the comment [mostly] pasted in the doc. That usually means it wasn't sent. Or I just wanted to save it. I don't know which.
The user also said, in essence, that we should only focus on original stories... It's a bit more difficult to explain why this struck me as odd.
Anyway. The comment, or what's left of it.
"The problem here is that Fanfiction.net is NOT affiliated with Wattpad... it's affiliated with Fictionpress, a different writing website. There's a large enough community inside FP for them to have made two individual sites. Not to mention, it's a lot older than Wattpad, I think.
I also disagree with your "original stories" comment. What about one-shot competitions? Those are technically fanfiction. You're making fanfiction of the work of the author that is holding the contest. If we're going to remove fanfiction, shouldn't we remove ALL of it?
I'm not saying we should, though. Fanfiction can be really great "
And I stopped there.
To the user's point about moving all of WP's fanfiction to FF is illustrated above... FF and WP have nothing to do with each other. They were made by different companies. Fanfiction has a sister site and that's what makes content organization better, but that sister site is not Wattpad. It's Fictionpress.