
It seems that more and more of you self-entitled bitches are coming to the Find A Critic thread, and I'm getting sick of it.
And so, dear readers, it's time for a rant.
First of all, when I go to the FAC, I don't just PM the first person I see. I actually go through and read their deals, if they're accepting requests, what they look for, the works. I don't want people who can't spell. I don't want people who think they're so great. You're a critic, sweetheart, not Oprah.
And then there are people that want a payment.
Dedication I can understand. Someone DID take time out of their day to read your story and help you. But anything more than that is stupid.
First of all, fuck you. All you're doing is critiquing a story. You're not solving world hunger, you're not diffusing a bomb. Until you're doing either of the two, you don't need more than a dedication.
Second of all, I'm not going to fan you just so you'll read my story. It's stupid! If anything, I'll immediately UNfan you after your end is done, because you're an idiot. I only fan my friends, and people who's works I like, or if they're funny people. That's it. And most of the time, the people I fan are a combination of all three!
Third. Some people, not all, ask for help because they honestly don't know how to write. Do you HONESTLY think they can give criticism? If so, you're delusional.
Fourth of all, why the hell do I want to read someone else's story when I'm asking YOU for a critique? Who's critiquing, you or this other person?
Fifth. No, I will not vote on your story so that you'll read mine. Unlike 90% of this site's population, I actually have a sense of morality. Go get your own fucking votes.
Next thing I know, I'll have to send them a video of me jumping through a ring of fire, butt-ass naked, before they'll accept my request, which is ridiculous! All of you self-entitled brats need to get the hell off of your high horse, and stop being selfish!
Me? I'll occasionally offer my services in the thread, but I ask for nothing. Go ahead, check out my work if you wanna. But you don't have to.
Next, the idiots who have DO NOT POST in their titles. Hello? That's inviting trolls to approach, dumbass. I understand that forums are the only shit here that supports HTML, or you just don't want people to butt in. But sadly, in case you haven't noticed, this is a public forum. People are going to post, whether you like it or not. It's just a fact of life.
Finally... the new forum rules in general.
Okay, first of all, I think the way the forums are now is sucky, plain and simple. You ask for book recommendations, and next thing you know, your thread is closed cause some idiots posted a link. Blatant critique threads are also banned, but we can have book clubs. Next thing we know, even book clubs will be banned! It's just not fair!
Anyway, I realize my bitching won't make anything get done, so I'm just gonna stop.
Moral of the rant, Wattpad is getting worse, and I'm sick of it.