
Okay... I realize I've probably slightly more harsh in my critiquing than I should. But at the same time, it's when I'm being honest and someone gives me a really bad excuse as to why I shouldn't be so harsh. There are three main excuses I get.
-The Depression Card:
This happens to me... A LOT. It's un-freaking-believable. Look, I know a lot of people get depressed but this is NOT an excuse. For all you know, I could be depressed as well. You don't know me, so DON'T play that card on me. EVER. I will proceed to verbally bash you bloody if you give me that crap. Just because I gave you a dose of the truth does NOT give you permission to play that card on me. And it doesn't make it so I'm going to magically stop being honest and start being nice to you, either. If anything, it's going to make me want to destroy you even more. Depression is not an excuse that you can use whenever you want to, it's a medical condition
And for those of you who are going to give me hell for this one, go ahead. I'm not hating on people who are depressed. I'm giving hell to the people who use that as an excuse whenever I give them advice. It's not right for them to do that just because they can't take it like a grown-up.
-"I'm Dyslexic":
Huh... Well... let's look at something. My best friend is dyslexic, and she can write better than you. Are you expecting me to drop to my knees now, mouth agape as I reach new philosophical elightenment? If so, that's not happening. There's absolutely NO excuse for bad spelling and grammar. NONE. And if they're typos, then you need a new keyboard. I can take one or two mistakes, cause honestly everyone has at least one. I'm sure I do, too. But if there are more than five, then you've got a problem. Either you just don't care and are expecting us to digest this crap, you were drunk when you wrote it, or your keyboard sucks ass.
If it's the last one, again, you need a new keyboard.
If it's the second one, stop drinking all together. Seriously. It's not funny to make a crap story just because you're too intoxicated to tell what the hell you're doing. Back the hell away from the computer right now, hide the wine or beer or vodka or WHATEVER in some remote location far, far away, come back, and fix that crap. Several of the GOOD authors are choking under your shit.
And if it's the first thing and you frankly don't care, then delete your story. And your account. Actually, stay the hell off of Wattpad until you can pull your head out of your ass. And once you do, if you're serious about writing by then, only THEN can you come back. And if I get any hate for this, I'm grabbing Rin and Len motherfreaking Kagamine and having them run you over with Rin's roadroller. Then I will bash the rest and feed it to Miku and Meiko, who would gladly eat your remains. And when they give me back the bones, I'm going to make furniture out of it and put it in my room, just so I can remember the assholes that had a bone to pick with me.
And lastly,
-I was/am such-and-such an age-
Stop right there, that is not an excuse. I'm fourteen years old and I can spell worth a shit. I read some chick's story a couple of nights ago. Someone had left a comment saying it was shit. The chick's excuse was that she had been fourteen when she had wrote the story.
No. No, no, and no. That is NOT an excuse for having a shit story. I'm sorry, but it's not. So pull the stick out of your ass right now and fix that story. That is NOT an excuse.
And then there's one of my friends, fundyfriday. She's TWELVE and she writes better than some of you people! Seriously? If she's TWELVE and can write a decent story, then how come YOU can't? There's a nine-year old (that I've only heard about, I don't know her) on here that can write really, REALLY well. If a nine year old can trump your ass, then you have NO excuse at ALL, what-so-ever. Just stop right there and get the hell off of Wattpad right now. Zeus is damn ready to thunderbolt your ass to death, and Hades would gladly release Cerberus and the other Hounds of Hell to come find you.