
Windows 8. Microsoft's latest child, beside Microsoft Office 360 and whatever new phone they might be making, and the new OS they might eventually make.
This rant comes from the fact that my new laptop has Windows 8 on it, and the fact that I've been trying to adjust.
Right. So Windows 8.
Last week on Saturday I came home from my dad's to a nice Toshiba laptop that hadn't even left the box yet. I took it out and set it all up, hit the start button...
And was confronted by the fuckery that must pass for an OS these days.
I like things to be convenient. I like things fast. I like things done in as little steps as possible as long as each step is easy. I like to be able to easily access my things.
NONE of this is really possible with the start menu of Windows 8.
Now look. I think this would make a GREAT OS for phones and tablets. In fact, it already is. But why take it and try to put it into a computer? This makes no sense to me, especially with how shit it runs on my computer.
The desktop looks great. My crap looks alright. Things are easy to install, I have a nice security system and I have Office2013. But the one thing I can live without on this laptop is the goddamn OS. I can't stand Windows 8.
Here's another thing wrong with the OS. It messed up my freaking Skype.
Once upon a time [last night], my friends that I haven't seen in a couple months wanted to play Minecraft with me and I was like "Oh yeah, sure!" And so we Skype called... and I couldn't talk. My mic didn't work.
This in itself is not the OS's fault, or even Skype's. This is the fault of the computer manufacturer. But it was SOLVING this problem that was Microsoft's fault.
See, we started talking like normal and my tech-savvy friend Annie kept trying to talk me through trying to solve my predicament. Kept asking me "okay, can you see this?" and I'd have to type responses. Part of the reason solving this took so long was the fact my mic didn't work and I had to type.
At one point she sent me a software that lets me share my screen, and even lets her take my comp over momentarilly, so she can figure this out. I download it... and click it to run it... and nothing happens. So then she asked me to get into my settings and see what was wrong there.
It took me an hour alone to figure out how to find the settings. I kid you not. I kept doing it and not knowing HOW I did it so I'd struggle for another five minutes trying to figure out what was wrong.
See, how Windows 7 and Skype was is it looked like a... normal software, I guess? And there was the handy toolbar at the top of the window that was in every software window, with options for that program.
There wasn't that in this Skype. So I spent an hour trying to figure out how the eff I got to the options window. Only to think I'd figured it out and hadn't.
You could say that I just need some getting used to for this new OS. But that won't cut it. I've tried now for a few days trying to gat a grip of this stupid thing, only to realize that I DON'T and agh.
Windows 7 was so much easier.
The next part of this rant is about the [in]convenience as a whole.
Okay. So now that I've griped about how Windows 8 messed up my Skype, it's time to talk about what ELSE it ruined.
So, while I now have a list of all my programs at my fingertips with the press of a couple of buttons, there is a bunch of other things that are just messed up.