
I have a personal bone to pick with this genre.
The werewolf section. My god, it's terrible. The only reason people are writing werewolf stories are because of Shitelight-I mean, Twilight- and Teen Wolf. It's ridiculous! Every story [it seems] in that genre on here is about the alpha rejecting his mate, or the fight to find your mate.
Firstly, ladies and gentlemen, why is the alpha always the male? Why? Are you telling me she-wolves (haha... She Wolf by Shakira) can't be alphas? I bet you a girl could make a better alpha than any of your man-whores! She could be strong, and independant, and wouldn't think with her dick... mostly because she doesn't have one.
And if the alpha must be guy... Don't. Make. Him. A. Player. If we've learned NOTHING from the Romance archive, (yes, I'm bringing them into this, too), it's that player stories are used and overdone.
And, no sensible girl in real life would fall for a player. Or a stalker. In fact, they'd probably file a restraining order against the dude for not leaving her alone!
And also, don't model him after Zac Effron or Taylor Lautner...
You know who's hot? Johnny Depp. I swear to god the older he gets the hotter he gets. Model your male lead after Johnny. Please. Then give me a link.
Ahem!... Anyway, all I'm saying is, can't werewolf stories have a little more originality? Please? Or is that a bit too much to ask for?
Another thing wrong with these stories... All of them are set in High School.
No. Just... no. Everyone knows that almost none of the High School romances last through High School... let alone the rest of their life. And if you feed me a line about the whole "mates are for life" thing, then maybe these couple aren't truly mates. Maybe it's their inner-wolf's horny side picking the mate. Then they realize they're wrong and it's... terrible.
You know what I'd like to see? A story about OLD werewolves, and it's them reminiscing about their life. Maybe they're about to die. MAKE IT A REMAKE OF THE GREEK TALE PHILEMON AND BAUCIS! Except they weren't visited by Zeus. Maybe they turn to stone in eachothers arms. THAT would be amazing.
If you don't know what that myth is, look it up.
But seriously, someone do that. Then give me a link so I can awww over the adorableness.
Please... people... make a decent werewolf story for once... I beg you. Because this site needs some originality.