
This rant is going to tie into the music rant, and the rant about dissing people I like. This is one of my most angry rants, I think. So it's time to let the hate begin.
So... I know you people are probably sick of me bringing up my favorite bands and whatnot, but I promise you this is one of the last times, okay?
Despite My Chemical Romance having broken up a little over two months ago, I still respect, revere, and listen to them.
Well... I was looking up the very first album on Amazon yesterday, and for the very first song, (by the way, I found a live performance of it and it's so beautiful I almost started CRYING) and for whatever reason, I start looking up reviews to this album, and the other ones too. I found three that make my blood boil with hatred for the writers. Not because they don't like the band. I respect that they don't. I can't force them to like My Chemical Romance.
But yeah. I shall proceed to share them, and explain why it makes me want to set fire to things.
The first two are from My Chemical Romance's second album, Three Cheers For Sweet Revenge. Here's the first (I also keep the format, bad spelling included) :
"This is the album that made rich kids cut there writs, this is the album that made you look like a brat and this is the album that made me want to start an emo genocide!!!!! you emos make me sick you look like your a walking Corpse. To all the emos out there grow out your hair grab a cone and listen to some black metal."
My first issue with the review is the mentioning of emos. Firstly, the emo genre is a bunch of shit. Anybody who considers themself emo is putting the rest of us to shame. Seriously, what the hell.
Second, just because people listen to My Chemical Romance does NOT mean they will cut themselves. I don't. Neither do lots of people I know. So using that godawful generalization is just plain stupid. You can't fucking do that!
Next review:
"Hi, I don't know if you know me or not, but I'm NOT your typical high school teenager. I have dyed black hair, and wear a tie with my punk clothes to show that I am a rebel. I listen to experimental music like My Chemical Romance, because they don't sing that stupid corporate rock like Britney Spears that all the fat-cats in Washington listen to. I'm about angst, so you should know that, I feel real deep anger at the world for all the suffering and torment I've been through, like when my parent's wouldn't drive me to Hot Topic to buy me these totally boss black shirts. You see, no one else wears black and acts angry, so I have to step up and fill the void. Whenever my parents get mad at me I yell in their faces, "I'm not okay!" and believe you me, they get the message."
First issue with this, Britney Spears does not sing rock, she sings pop shit about being the slut she is.
Second. good job you little twat. You yell at your parents. That'll teach them... NOT. You must be really fucking stupid. God...
Thirdly, if any teenagers hate the world, it's because of bullying. Or abuse or mental issues. Not because they couldn't go to Hot Topic, unless they're spoiled rich brats.
Fourthly, my hair isn't black. It's not even dyed. I've only gotten highlights in it ONCE in my ENTIRE life. And they're long gone now. If anything, I'd want to dye it red. Or maybe brown. But black? Not that there's anything wrong with black. But seriously!
Fifthly, whoever wrote this is a prick and I want to gut him/her like the rat they are.
And now the third review. This one is from The Black Parade album. I think I hate this one the most. Here we go...:
"I write this as a warning to all who may order this cd! Before I purchased this album, I was a healthy, heterosexual male in the prime of my life. I took one listen to it, and the effect was instant. I awoke the next morning to discover that I had... changed! My hair grew into a carefully groomed swoop that covered one of my eyes. I noticed scars on my wrists where there previously WERE no scars. I traded my girlfriend for a boyfriend, and I started keeping a diary full of my deep and insightful thoughts on how hard life is. Oh by the way, look out for my bands new album coming out this fall, Avenged Chemical Boy."