
Nope, just kidding... maybe.
Today, I'm taking an all-around look at some minor things that get under my skin. So, without further ado, lets begin!
1) When I run out of Reese's Pieces, Mountain Dew, or any other product of our sugary society
Reese's Peanut Butter cups is like... heaven on earth. It's delicious, and a king size pack is consumed and in my stomach about three minutes after I open the package. The problem with this is that I don't know how to pace myself.... and so I run out of enjoyable (and SOOOO not good for me) delicacies almost immediately prior to obtaining them.
2) Chihuahuas
Now look, I love dogs, k? They're cute and adorable and soft and I have a puppy and she's the cutest thing ever... when I remember to brush her. However, dog barks tend to get on my nerves... especially when the barker is a little Chihuahua that has it fixed in its little pea brain that it owns your yard. Like, literally, I know a dog like that. It lives on our street, and I'm convinced that it hates me. Because for the last couple of weeks before school ended, it'd do one of two things.
1) Fix itself on the edge of my property and bark at me until I wanted to sew its mouth shut,
or 2) It would follow me... and bark at me.
Either way, I was screwed cause that thing had a personal vendetta against me, and I had a personal vendetta against its face. I guess the hate was mutual.
3) The kind of fabric that feels weird when rubbed the wrong way
Jeans feel fine no matter how you touch them. Same with leather, same with cloth.
And then we get to that freaky kind of fabric that just... feels weird. And it... the feel of it disgruntles me and it just feels so weird and... gah.
4) The weird fabric in the ceilings of cars
This could technically be put with #3, but whatever. I'm the one writing the rant, I'll catagorize things as I see fit.
Anyway, the weird fur/fabric in the roof of the car is just... weird. I don't know how to describe it. It just is.
5) Things that sound weird when scratched
If something makes a weird sound when I scratch it, it really gets under my skin. And then my mind is honed on that sound and I play it over and over and over again and it drives. Me.
Up.
The.
WALL.
And then I spend time trying to not make that sound again and trying to figure out just why my nails grow so fast and blah blah blah and... yeah.
6) Hair
My hair in particular. It's not that I don't like my hair.
No, it's more like I don't like how much I SHED. Especially after showers. Cause then I find it EVERYWHERE. On my clothes, on my gloves, on the chair. Freaking. EVERYWHERE. And, if that's not enough, I usually have to clear out my brush a couple times when brushing my hair... and it STILL doesn't get everything.
7) MTV. Music Videos especially.
Okay... so it is my understanding that MTV was originally a channel for Music Videos to be shown, and music videos only.
Well... doesn't seem like that's the case anymore. Not so much, anyway. I mean, I guess they have a designated time early in the morning for videos, but that's it.
Now to the music video part of this.
This morning... I just HAPPENED to be in the room when MTV started playing Miley Cyrus's We Aren't Stopping
At least, I think that's what it was called. I honestly don't remember.
Anyway.... I strongly advice AGAINST watching it. I mean, half of the time she's biting things, trying to look seductive, and the other half is her doing the weirdest poses on the planet and just...
No, Miley. Stop it.
Asdfghjkl.... I need to go bleach my brain of that image... gah.