
Okay... this really pisses me off. People who are too god damn lazy to freaking read over their stories. I'm sorry, but there's no excuse for not editing. Absolutely none. And if you're too lazy to do this for yourself, then I have no clue what to tell you.... other than I'm not doing that shit for you.
I just spent 20 minutes of my time fixing someones first chapter. It was only a page long. If you didn't connect the dots already, there was a lot to fix. Thankfully, she can spell worth a damn. But seriously... I am not your editor, people!
And for any of you out there reading this and thinking "Why the hell are you editing it, then?", I'm doing it out of the kindness of my black little heart, because I'm sick of seeing crap stories on Wattpad.
Next part of this rant! Criticism. My god... I swear, a lot of people on here wouldn't know help if it hit them with a god damn bus. They see all the good *cough cough FALSE cough cough* comments on their stories and they think they're amazing, and ONE person gives them the harsh truth and they lose it.
Lets get one thing clear: If your story sucks, I am going to be harsh. There is no excuse for bad grammar, spelling, or punctuation. There's no excuse for bad format. And if you think you can tell me off just because I pulled you out of Wonderland, you've got another thing coming for you. Because if you start bitching at me, you can rest assured that I will verbally bash your person until it sinks in. Because SOMEONE has to give you the truth, and it's obviously not going to be any of your so-called "fans".
I'm sorry, but they're only saying you're good because
-They don't know good literature from bad
-They write just like you do
-Or they feel sorry for you.
And sometimes, it's a toss-up of the first two. Or the last two. Or maybe they don't write at all. Point is, if your story sucks, a lot of assholes are going to sugar-coat it.
I am NOT going to sugar-coat it.
And also, people, learn to take advice. It DOES help. I know from experience.
And no, telling someone their stories suck is NOT criticism. You then need to explain WHY it sucks. And if you're nice enough, you tell them how to fix it.
Also, don't criticize someone for story titles. Because saying they're "too revealing" to the story, when they really aren't. is a bunch of bullshit.
You know what's a revealing title? THIS:
"I'm married to the alpha and I'm a vampire and I'm knocked up with his child"
^THAT is a revealing title. That gives you the whole damn story IN THE TITLE!
Same goes for poems, too. And also, poems do NOT have to rhyme. Someone I know pointed out to me that they got "critisized" on that. That is NOT criticism. That is you trying to find any way possible to tell them that their poem sucks, when in reality it's better than anything you could pull out of your ass.
So. Moral of the story: If your writing sucks then you can rest tonight knowing I will find it, grammar Nazi it, and if necessary, destroy it.