
Every time I see this sort of story with this sort of plot line, I have the urge to break people in half. For real.
Okay. So before I go full-blown bitch mode on you, how many people ACTUALLY know what kidnapping is like? How many of you ACTUALLY write about it CORRECTLY? Because the way things are looking, there aren't a lot of you.
I've seen this a lot on here. I'll just be paroosing Wattpad with my mighty glasses of All-Seeing and my Red Pen of Death-- I mean, Correction. And then I will find...
A kidnapping story.
Not the typical one, though. No, this one is much, mch worse.
See, what a lot of people fail to realize is that kidnapping is a traumatic experience, if you even survive it. There's a large chance you will be killed. There's a large chance you will never go home. There's a chance you will be hurt and afraid and there's nothing you can do about it. There's a large chance that you will not be found.
But no one understands this.
Nothing pisses me off more than when I'm looking for a story and I find...
Kidnapped By Mr. Sexy.
Or "Our Sexy Kidnappers"
Or something to that extent.
Listen, kids. Not all kidnappers will look "hot". None of them have good intentions. None of them are wanting to be your mate or your lover or ANYTHING like that. They are horrible people that want to HURT you.
If someone was trying to take ME, I'd scream bloody murder. I wouldn't care if the guy or girl who was taking me had a nice ass. I'd be focused on the fact that I WAS BEING KIDNAPPED.
This is not something to make light of. It's not something to have in your shitty story to add a love interest or to add suspense. It is a real thing and should be treated seriously, just like it actually is. It's like glorifying abuse or rape or anything... You CANNOT do this. EVER.
Wattpad needs to make this sort of thing illegal. I feel like I should start a petition against this sort of thing. But I don't know.
You cannot just throw this sort of thing into a story, folks. Hate to burst your bubbles, but you can't
Anyone who thinks glorifying kidnapping is okay needs some serious mental health.
I'm going to end this rant here. I could go on with this for HOURS but really, I won't. This sort of thing is just pathetic and needs to stop.