
Where do I even start with this one?
Okay. I enjoy fanfiction. I've actually found a REALLY good InuYasha fanfic once before. I read it all. I LOVED it.
But with that being said, there are some things I could do without reading.
Lets start with 1D fanfics, shall we? As mentioned in my Fangirls (and Guys) rant, they're written by delusional and desperate people who, in the case of erotica, want the band to screw them. In most other cases, they just want OneDirection because that band is successful. I bet you anything if 1D wasn't famous, these people wouldn't give them a second thought.
I have yet to find a decent 1D fanfiction. One that does not involve kidnapping, bullying, really terrible erotica, or romance between the band and said desperate chick (or dude).
Then there are fanfictions for other bands....
Lets go with My Chemical Romance, because it's a good example. I know the band is over, but it's still a good example.
Okay, so once, for whatever reason, maybe he just wanted to, Gerard went up to Frank during a concert and kissed him. And thus Frerard was born.
Now look, I think gay couples are ADORABLE. Same thing with lesbian couples. However, the MCRmy took things a bit too far with Frerard.
Okay, they took it WAY too far.
Back to my point, people developed sex stories of the two. Again, I think gay and lesbian couples are adroable. But both Gerard Way and Frank Iero are straight. And, they're married to two amazing wives, Lynd-Z and Jamia, respectively. And they have kids. And, I'm not sure about Gerard, but I know Frank was extremely disgruntled by these stories. I can only imagine that Gerard was, as well.
Another thing.... the Waycest.... Stories about brothers Gerard Way and Mikey Way hooking up.
WHY?
Those two are as close as brothers could possibly ever be. But that does NOT mean they would have sex with eachother. EVER.
In the words of Ray Toro: STOP MAKING US HAVE SEX WITH EACHOTHER!
Now then, away from band fiction....
Then there is the terrible fanfiction, stories off of things that are worse than the original thing that the story is on. I don't have any valid examples, because all of the entries on the fanfiction page are of 1D. But I think you get my point.
But despite all of this, I wish someone would do two things.
1. Make Rose and Adrian of Vampire Academy stay together.
and 2. Rewrite The Mortal Instruments series. I respect Cassandra Claire, but if she knew her English, she would know there are more ways to describe things than similes. There's at least one simile per page of City of Bones. I counted THREE on one page once.
There are other literary devices out there, Cassandra. Learn about them.