
Okay, today I'm ranting about overly obsessive fan. One Direction fan girls in particular, but I'm also ranting about ALL sorts of fangirls... and fanguys.
Firstly, because it's the easiest, let's just get 1D fangirls out of the way. Not all 1D fans are bad, but this is a rant about the most common ones...
Do you know who I'm talking about yet? No? Well... you're lucky.
Of course the fangirls I'm talking about are the ones who have it stuck in their delusional little heads that they are going to marry the band... that's just stupid. I'm sorry, but it is. You'd be lucky if they even LOOKED at you.
Of course, you can easily tell who these girls (and guys) are, because if you walked into a crowd and announced that 1D sucked total balls, they'd be gathered in a line waiting to smash your head in. I knew a girl like this. I regret ever talking to her.
And then there are the even CREEPIER fangirls (and guys) who express their love of the band in really... truly... makes-me-want-to-claw-my-eyes-out terrible erotica. For those of you who don't know the meaning of erotica, I'll put it simply. Erotica is basically written sex stories. And my god...They're writing about wanting the band to screw them. It's disgusting. And it's unfortunately, it's what a lot of the 1D fanfiction on this website is.
I'm in no way, shape, or form saying that this is ALL OneDirection stories on here. But it is a pretty common occurence.
Then there are the toned-down stories, that are falling in love with the band and everyone lives happily ever after.
I don't want to call these people delusional. I realize that all of us have our own fantasies [like my dreams of meeting Pierce The Veil or hugging Frank Iero], and writing them is the best way of envisioning what we want to happen.
However, this type of story is so common now that there really is no variety to the fanfics. You can disagree all you want to, but if you look, it's the same plot with the same characters and similar events, just different names and different writers.
Next, the fans that goes ape-shit when you diss their favorite music/band/actor/thing...
If anyone was a true fan of... anything, really, the correct response to a diss towards said fandom would be to either ignore the person, or you could tell them that you respect their opinion, but yours is different.
Or better yet....
For this next example I will be using the famous YouTube star Pewdiepie.
Pewdiepie is the MOST famous YouTube star, with bordeline thirty MILLION subscribers [the most of ANY YouTube channel] and a whole boat load of reads... I don't remember the precise amount. But it's a lot.
With this in mind, it's really common that his videos get a LOT of hate.
Now, his older videos make me cringe. Kinda like my old rants. He dropped jokes that weren't all that funny and he swore a lot, and it was unnecessary. This was all video game commentary. However, there were moments in all of his commentaries in all of his videos that were actually funny.
Since then, Pewdiepie has grown now and I actually like him. I think he's funny. He swears a tad bit too much, but I love his commentary and have found a lot of interesting games through him... though I can't play any cause, you know, money. And he played my favorite game.
Anyway. Point is he gets a LOT of hate. Every single day. But it's to be expected because you know, he's so popular.
But he doesn't really react to it. And you know what's amazing? He doesn't want his fans to, either.