
Before I actually explain why this makes me want to rip out my hair by the roots, we need to delve into the deep, dark rabbit hole that is Wattpad popularity and yank it into the open.
See, this is how the Wattpad community works. Five percent of it is made up of trolls, plain and simple. Five percent is irrelevant accounts made by desperate businessmen or pedophiles. Five percent is made up by REAL authors who rarely use their accounts. So essentially, empty space. Another five percent is made up of decent people who actually use this site for its intended purpose.
That covers twenty percent of the wattpad population. Now what about the other eighty percent?
That goes to the attention whores.
We've all seen them. They're the people sitting on the vacant corners of the genre threads, breaking rules by begging for reads. They're the insanely popular people whose stories are complete and total shit, and yet they have brainwashed teenagers following their every waking move. They're the people instigating fights. They're the people who lash out at quote-on-quote "haters" because SOMEONE has the balls to tell them that they're no good.
This eighty percent is what this rant is about.
Now without picking names... Lets begin.
Imagine yourself walking into one of the genre threads. Perhaps you're there to advertise in the pinned threads. Perhaps you're there to make some friends. Or maybe, you need advice for something in your story. No matter the reason, you walk into the [Insert genre here] club, and one of the first things you see is Read for read? :)
You're either going to do one of four things.
1. You're going to click the thread, get the mods on the poster's ass, and run,
2. You're going to click the thread and go through with the deal, getting you both into trouble,
3. You're going to click the thread, cuss the bitch out, and run,
or 4. You're going to click the thread, read the story provided, scoff when you realize that the author can't write and is just desperate for attention, and give a long, well-structured critique.
I personally like to do the fourth option. It feels so fun. Of course, the poster usually calls me a jealous shit who doesn't know anything, but that doesn't mean anything to me.
Who. The. Fuck. Is. DESPERATE. Enough. To. Do. This?
There are some people here on Wattpad (about eighty percent of the population) who don't understand that Wattpad Popularity doesn't mean shit in the real world. They think that just because they have X amount of reads/votes/comments, they're really good or something. I don't know, I refuse to understand how the majority of this site works.
What goes through people's heads? Don't they get that NO ONE IN THE REAL WORLD CARES HOW POPULAR YOU ARE HERE?
I can see it now. Some stupid shit is going to go to a job interview, and they're going to be asked what their biggest accomplishment is.
Oh me? My biggest accomplishment is getting a bagillion pointless reads on a story on a writing website!
It's like saying your biggest accomplishment is getting a thousand friends on Facebook. In fact, it basically is the equivalent of saying you have a thousand friends on Facebook. No one cares. No one outside of these orange walls of Wattpad really care how popular you are.
Now if you went and said your biggest accomplishment was, say, selling a million copies of your novels, then you might actually have some listeners. But since most of you suck too bad to sell that many... well...