
WARNING THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS FOR POKEMON ALPHA SAPPHIRE. DO NOT READ IF YOU MIND SPOILERS/HAVEN'T PLAYED AS
Also, I need to finish AS, so this rant will be updated periodically as I go on with the game
<><><><><>
Hey, what do you know? It's been five months [approximately] since I've ranted. Let's fix that, shall we?
Pokemon Alpha Sapphire.
Generation Three was my first generation. I absolutely LOVED Hoenn. Now granted, my first game was actually EMERALD, not Sapphire/Ruby and I haven't completed the original S/R. I HAVE completed Emerald, but there are minor differences between E/S/R. Anyway.
Hell, I need to finish Alpha Sapphire, but there's already enough to talk about.
There are a lot of good things about the remakes. The graphics are cool! We finally get to see the area from the opening screen! And have you seen Aqua Admin Shelby? Mmm. She is GORGEOUS. I mean, I loved her red hair. But NOW? Damn.
Also, the new ability to sneak up on rare pokemon. Rare here meaning ordinary pokemon that got REALLY unusual. I got an OP Plusle thanks to this. And a Poochyena that knew Ice Fang from level 5 on.
Now lets get to what's wrong with this game.
First thing wrong with the remake. Granite Cave.
In the original, I loved Granite Cave. I would go through without Flash and try and find my way through and it was a lot of fun!
Gamefreak messed it up.
***SPOILER ALERT***
In the original games, Granite Cave was a complex system. A maze, of sorts. You'd go through, find Steven, and get out again. Simple.
The maze system no longer exists in ORAS. It just doesn't. There's the entrance room with the miner man who gives you Flash [which is now a TM instead of an HM, thank God] and then a set of stairs. And where do those stairs lead? A room, with no other rooms. And the far wall has a carving of... guess.
The Primal Legendaries.
I get it, Pokemon. The Primal forms are essential to the game now. Cool, that's great. But why put it THERE? Why not put it in Shoal Cave, a place no one went to in the old games uinless they knew what was there or got there on accident? Why not put it in Victory Road? Why not put it ANYWHERE BUT GRANITE CAVE?
Or better yet, KEEP the maze mechanic of the originals and have this room at the end?
With this in mind, Steven WAS pretty cool...
Next thing wrong. Dewford Gym.
Anyone remember how hard it was to get to Brawly? You had this little spotlight that slowly got bigger with every trainer you fought. That was pretty amazing, was it not?
Yeah well... you can kiss that goodbye.
I'll skip out on the details for this one. But that mechanic is gone.
Next thing wrong. An event in Slateport City.
You've just dropped off the Devon Goods to Mr. Stone. You're all ready to leave the town, head north for Mauville Town [City?] and face your third Gym. Team Aqua has been stopped for now.
You're stopped at the exit to Slateport, thanks to some random event. You go to the contest house.
Some random chick who WASN'T THERE IN THE ORIGINALS shows up. Apparently, she's famous.