
Oh my God, where do I start with this one...
The music of today is full of shit. At least, a lot of it is. I mean, Nicki Minaj? Give me a break.
Here's why I don't like today's music:
1. There's no feeling to it
2. No one really needs to hear how you screwed your latest chick. Or dude.
3.They really don't have any talent
4. All they care about is the money (most artists, anyway)
5. Let's face it, a lot of them are bad influences.
Let's start with Nicki Minaj. Firstly, I can hardly respect someone that calls someone else a "stupid ho" when she's the one that dresses like one. I really can't. And my God... her voice gets REALLY weird sometimes. Have you listened to her "sing"? I swear my ears bleed.
Perhaps it's all me being a hypocritical, cause I avoid today's music as much as I can and tend to stick to my rock music, but the shit on the the airwaves has no feeling... at all.
Okay, I regress. Macklemore is actually pretty decent. But he's the only exception.
Now... there's a channel on YouTube called ADoseOfBuckley. Look this dude up, and watch him wrap up the crappiest songs of 2012. It's freaking hilarious.
Now... for One Infection- I mean, Direction. Now, with all the times I've mentioned them, you'd think I was done picking on them, right? Wrong.
****WAIT! Side note! This is only my opinion, kay? The one I'm entitled to. I don't care if you love them or want to shoot them, this is MY opinion. So no hate. I'm just going to delete your comment. End of side note****
Okay. I enjoy British people. Hugh Laurie is a God. If you don't know who he is, look him up and watch House M.D. Any way, even with that being said, there are some things wrong with this country, just like any other country. Like Canada for instance. They gave us Three Days Grace, but I shall forever curse the day that Justin Bieber was conceived.
Back to my non-existent point, Mother England made a mistake in giving us One Infection. It's that damn simple. And here's why I hate them, laid out in plain view. I dare you to try to argue them. Actually, don't. I'll just delete your comment.
-Their music is a basic rehash of the shit of today.
Now, I suppose this point can be argued with the bands I listen to. However, not everyone is battling depression, or trying to cheer up their friends, or mourning the loss of a loved band member (In the case of Avenged Sevenfold). In fact, you should look up Gunslinger by Avenged Sevenfold. LISTEN to that beauty. It's been playing nonstop since I started this.
Anyway, the music One Infection produces is a basic rehash of music already done. And it's all done to a shitty beat and equally shitty theme. I mean, What Makes You Beautiful? Give me a break. I know I'm not pretty, and for the most part I'm fucking proud of that. I don't need some bullshit pretty boy bunch to try and to convince me of the good looks I obviously don't possess.
Next point.
-If it weren't for their looks, no one would give a shit.
Justin Bieber started by posting videos of himself on YouTube and slowly rose to stardom. You know why that bitch got noticed? Because he had a pretty face and he sang like a girl. People found him an entertaining oddity. Now he sniffs crack and desperate little fangirls try to get him to stop by cutting their wrists. That's the stupidest fucking thing I've ever heard of. You don't cut yourself over that shit. It just... You can support the bitch, but you CANNOT do this... Just... ugh. It's his fault he got addicted in the first place, anyway.