
If you know me, you know that this sort of thing pisses me off. Insanely so. And, as this is a rant book, this seems like the perfect place to rant and rave.
And so, lets begin.
This rant is stemmed from the amount of time spent in the Improve Your Writing forums. At least, the amount of time that I'VE spent. And, among all the "which title is better" and "act like your characters" threads, there's a giant plethora of "I WILL DO THIS, THIS AND THIS FOR YOU".
And knowing me and how I get interested really fast, I click the link.
About half the time, you can outright tell the intentions of the poster, as they'll have something along the lines of "fan/vote for my stories/comment/sell your soul to Satan, and I will write your story for you!" ...Which, as you should know, is absolute horse shit.
Listen, little brats. I get that you want Wattpad popularity... for whatever reason. But look, doing this is only goint to incur the wrath of me or some other serious writer. I may be young, but I at least give a shit about what I'm writing. And you know what, it isn't anything that someone made for me.
Recently, there's been one thread in particular where the OP is "giving prompts" to people. Three people, including myself, have spoken out against her, and though it's blatantly obvious that she's making plots for people (you know, that thing essential to writing a story?), she still insists that she's helping.
Yeah. Helping people be lazy.
Look, here's the thing. There's nothing wrong with getting opinions. There's nothing wrong with getting help editing your summary, or getting an opinion on your title, or how to write a certain scene. But that's about the extent of where help is okay. Anything past that, and you're just helping other people to be lazy.
Don't try to deny it, anonymous reader. You're helping other people be lazy.
Here's the thing. Making plots and characters and worlds, and summaries and titles and all of that? That's a part of writing, and it's something you must do yourself. Not doing so is cheating.
Unless, of course, it's a fanfiction. But I'm talking about original stories here.
One last thing before I buzz off:
Those of you who have people do everything for you, you are not real writers. Sorry, but you aren't. You should try to make your own shit, cause I've had to.
Trust me, making things for yourself is fun.