
People are going to be assholes sometimes in all of our lives. And in mine, I have several. I mentioned this in the last rant. Point is, assholes are everywhere, and so is their stupidity. On Friday, there was a bomb threat at my school. Wednesday we had a fire. So first, lets look at that. Then we can look at other things that stupid people do that make me want to beat them to the ground.
Firstly, WHAT HAS THIS WORLD COME TO?!!
It makes me want to beat the stupid tards with my shoe... really, really hard. I mean, a bomb threat is in no way, shape, or form funny, especially after what happened to Boston. I really hope they find the person(s) that did this so I can shoot them in the face.
On second thought, that would get ME arrested. So maybe I should just beat them with my shoes. That would be better, I think.
Then, the fire on Wednesday. According to someone in my Geometry class, the culprit of said fire put said fire in a trash can because he didn't want to graduate.
What.
The.
HELL.
If you don't want to graduate, it's as simple as dropping out of school. Or failing. But possibly burning the school to the ground is just... No. Don't do that shit. Just don't.
Next....
There's this chick in my Biology class. The one I mentioned in my last rant, her name is Paige.
So, yesterday Paige comes into the classroom and she says "I just walked into the wrong classroom. Just thought I'd announce that." No one cares, dude. But there's nothing wrong with that. Just wait, it gets better. So she goes to the table where we get our assignments and she says to the guy that sits behind me (roughly, because I don't have the best memory)
"I just walked into the wrong classroom before this one. It was so embarrassing. It made me want to die."
And I stare at her.
And I stare at her.
And my mouth starts flapping like I'm an unintelligent fish.
And finally I choke out.
"Your life is not that bad, there are people who have it worse than you. So cut the crap and just SHUT UP." and I walked away.
That little bitch didn't take her eyes off of me for quite a while. I thought she was trying to fry me with those eyes. Or maybe melt my brain. Or try (and fail) to stalk me. I don't know. Point is, she looked like a creeper, eyes all narrowed and shit. She was none too happy with what I told her.
So then later I'm asking my bass player if he's freaking ungrounded yet so we can practice for our band, and he said no and so I told him he's a jerk and said (jokingly, of course, cause he's actually a nice guy) that I hate him. So then Paige, bitchy voice and all, pipes up
"Yeah? Well he hates you too."
"Excuse me, but I wasn't talking to you."
And then my bass player and I started laughing while she gave me the evil eye again.
So, in short, stupidity consists of many things. Bomb threats, fires, drama queens, and rude bitches aside, I can go on for hours over what stupidity consists of. But I won't because that's boring.
But in short, don't be stupid. Don't write that there's a bomb somewhere on the wall. Don't set fire to trashcans, because that shit smells nasty and I almost fainted walking down the stairs past that stench. Don't add your two cents to my conversations, cause I'll turn around and slap you. And for the love of Azphel... DON'T. EVER. Exaggerate crap like death. It's not freaking funny, and again, I will turn around and slap you. Even better, I'll make you wish that you actually WERE dead. Just so we're clear.
A.N: Yes, I know, I still have to post the winning skit from the last rant.. Yes, I will post it. Hopefully today. I don't know. Anyway, also, a note for future contests (And I blame myself for this one, cause I should have brought it up sooner,) no sexual punishment. No rapists, molesters, or anything of the sort. You can punish people in any other way BESIDES that. And also, one entry per customer, thank you.