
It's been a while since I last did this, so I think that it's time for a rant. And boy do we have a big one this time.
So as per usual, when I'm not doing homework, pulling insane hours with the school newspaper, writing, or, you know, having a life, I am patrolling Wattpad. Let me just say what a mess this site has been lately. Not just because of weird glitches, like being in someone else's account and not on purpose, or how the newsfeed is all messed up, or even how even though I have the stupid app the site's now spamming me with "download the app" and I'm just like... no.
No, there's something more extreme that's been going on, unearthed just recently. It's something that, as most of the topics I discuss tend to do, make me want to rip out my hair.
You see... some of us write shitty fanfictions. There's a select few of us that can actually write.
And then the rest of us are plagiarizing assholes.
Allow me to explain.
Once upon a time, like not even two weeks ago, I was surfing Wattpad with my mighty goggles of all-seeing and I spot in my newsfeed someone commenting on Divergent.
Now before you all protest, this person is a friend of mine and she was commenting telling the person how wrong it is to post Veronica Roth's books. She's absolutely right, too.
So, I reported the story as well and left some choice words for the poster.
In response, the person posts a part basically saying they won't get in trouble, cause they have a disclaimer saying that it isn't theirs.
Look, dumbass. The story isn't yours. Copyright disclaimers are there for a reason. Just cause you put a disclaimer does not mean you are exempt from copyright law. Copyright CLEARLY states that "All rights reserved. No part of this document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission of blah-blah-blah"
Notice how I bolded and italicized WRITTEN PERMISSION. That's saying that, unless Veronica Roth personally emailed you and said "yeah, you can post my book online", and you have screenshots and documents of such, you CANNOT POST HER STORY ON HERE
Seriously, how dense can some people get?
It doesn't just apply to published stories, either. A lot of people tend to steal the stories of others on here and post them here as well or on other websites.
For example, AuRevoirSimone. Her story, Wildfire, got put on Goodreads. Except she didn't put it there, someone else did. Without her permission.
Wattpad has a cool little copyright option on stories when you post them. Keeves had this, I believe. Ergo, whoever posted her story on Goodreads didn't have her permission to put it there.
Not only do I have the copyright chosen for every book I write, I also have a note at the beginning of the story saying "this is mine, do not steal", as well as the copyright notice. So if anyone takes my stories, they're going down. Hard.
This doesn't just apply to stories, either. It also applies to the Multi-Media Design Club, or the MDC.
Lately (and I know this cause of the people I have fanned), there have been quite a few graphic stealers, who take someone's cover/banner/thread/other and have claimed it to be their own. To add to the sheer stupidiy of these people, they then turn around, post a thread asking for critiques on "their" graphic, and then waiting. They usually end up with nine pages of hate.
So moral of the story here is.... do your own work. Plagiarism is wrong and can land you in jail. If an author found their work on this here website, both Wattpad AND you would be done for. If I find my work anywhere, you are done for. If you steal someone's graphics, you are done for.
So yeah. Don't steal things. It isn't right.