
This is more so aimed at other reasons why I hate the Wattys, and not just cause I finally caved and put Kami in short story.
There are several reasons why I hate the Wattys. S.E.V.E.R.A.L.
But among them all, my biggest reason is because it is a popularity contest.
And, by extension, lots of shit win the awards every year, even though the writer has no talent, just because it's popular. It makes my blood boil.
Some of you might want to get your pitchforks out, cause I just might insult you.
For this example, I shall be using a story called My Wattpad Love.
This shit is the most RIDICULOUS thing I've EVER seen in my years of existence, besides the fact that some people think evolution isn't real. But that's a different story.
"But Tiara," you might be saying. "Why are you hating on THAT story?"
Well, anonymous weirdo, I'm about to tell you.
Of all the train wrecks that managed to find themselves winning the Wattys, My Wattpad Love is one of my biggest gripes. Why?
A few reasons.
1. It's poorly written.
2. The idea is stupid.
3. It makes me want to tear my eyes out.
4. It's boring.
5. It didn't deserve to win.
I'll admit it, I fucking HATE My Wattpad Love. For the above reasons, obviously. Yes, it's true. I'd rather endure methods of Chinese torture than try and read that mess again.
"But Tiara, if you don't like it, don't read it!"
I myself like that philosophy, and tend to try and stand by it. However, in this case, it just won't do. MWL won the freaking WATTY AWARDS. Both in Romance, and in Most Popular. It's inevitable that I would start ranting about this. Especially since its so popular.
First of all, WHY was it popular? It's something I'll never understand. Ever. My mom even tried to read it. She couldn't do it, and she agrees that it shouldn't have won.
Now, don't get me wrong, some stories were actually pretty good. Xxmajaine 's Lores of Lyra was one of the good ones.
But then you get to stuff like My Wattpad Love, that really shouldn't have gone through.
Wow... this has turned into a rant about MWL... Oops.
Anyway.
What the hell is with short stories having to be fifteen or more pages long? Do the Wattpad staff know NOTHING about writing? At fifteen Wattpad pages (which is thirty Microsoft Office pages, roughly), the word count exceeds that of a short story, and instead becomes a Novellete... or Novella. I forget which. But at that point, it's no longer a short story. That much I know.
Anyway, now I'll go write more poems, and try to catch Giratina.
Oh yeah, I've become readdicted to Pokemon.