
Before I begin, because it's SO easy to confuse what kind of troll I'm talking about, I'm going to define a troll for the internet-illiterate.
Troll: An ugly, green creature who smells and is stupid.
Nope. Not even close... except for maybe on the stupid part.
No, the trolls I'M talking about are the people on the internet who harrass others to piss them off, and refuse to stop no matter how many times you ask/demand/scream at them to.
Now, how many of you have encountered that kind of troll?
I bring this up because they are infuriating. And when they spam your wall and refuse to leave you the hell alone, you tend to have a grudge against all of them.
Firstly, my personal experience with a troll.
Really, I have several experiences. But for the sake of the rant, I'm going to start with my first encounter on this site with a troll.
This chick had the WORST spelling and grammar in the history of humanity, and I could barely understand half the shit she said to me. Remember the whole Hunger Games fanbase rant I had? She was one of those chicks.
Lets set the original scene. It was the 7 Tips To Better Writing book, with the drama and the hunger games bit. So this chick decided to say that he was stupid and a prick and that everyone didn't like him and what not, as well as cuss out the rest of the people that agreed with him. I'm only bringing this up because the chick tagged ME in her comment as well.
Look, I don't like it when people are assholes to others, okay? So, doing what I thought was only natural, I stood up for the author of the story.
So I check out this chick, see who the hell she thinks she is to say all of this crap to him, and read her ONE story on here. I leave a HELPFUL (keyword here, HELPFUL) comment on her story, because she describes things WAY too much, and that led to a five hour argument with this chick. That completely ruined my Saturday morning, especially since all the cartoons I loved as a child all went to hell to be replaced by terrible ones... I miss Sonic The Hedgehog.
Back to my point, at one point she decided to TROLL MY WALL, and that's when I about had it. And then after telling her to leave me the hell alone MORE than ten times, she decided to PM me. And she said she'd only stop if I did. She was the one who started this whole god damn thing. I was just standing up for myself. Excuse me, then. God...
Thankfully one of my friends decided to teach me how to ignore people, and that resolved the issue. But seriously... this chick was driving me crazy.
This next example isn't a personal example in the sense that I was in the thick of things, but more like I see it a lot.
Next, the people on Youtube. You ever been watching a lyric video for a song you REALLY like, and then you scroll down to read how much others like it and one of the first things you see is a comment made by an asshole?
Example:
"Lol this band is totally gay"
"Why do you listen to this emo shit? One Direction is much better"
"These guys don't know the meaning of the word 'music'"
Yeah. These kinds of comments.
You know how annoying that is? I mean.. seriously! So then people start verbally bashing this bitch and you're on the sidelines unsure of what to do, and then too late you realize that the video has now become a verbal Youtube battlefield.
Ever gone through this? If not, you don't want to... EVER.
That's the ONLY good purpose of trolls, to piss people off.
Moral of the story, Trolls suck balls and I want to burn them all. That's all there is to it.
Any of you had experience with trolls?