
Boring plots bore me.
That's all there is to it, and seeing all the stories on here that look so alike makes me want to set fire to things... namely those stories.
So... I'm going to venture into the deep dark hole that are the genres, and I'm dragging you with me.
Lets start with Romance.
Besides One Infection fanfic, and Vampire and Werewolf stories, Romance has got to be the most popular genre that I know. It's cutesy shit, with flowers and 'I love you's and all that other shit that makes me want to throw up.
And it's. All. The. SAME.
Lets look at a typical romance plot... which can go one of two ways.
Way #1
Hi! I'm the nerdy female Mary Sue protagonist, AKA the main character. I have a huge crush on only the most popular guy in school, but he ridicules me all of the time, and he could never like me.
Oh wait! Here he comes!
No way! HE ASKED ME OUT :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
And now we're gonna live happily ever after, dropping out of school and having a bagillion kids... and burning in hell.
*slams face into wall*
Way #2
Hi! I'm the popular girl that doesn't think I'm all that pretty. I'm sweet and perfect and down to earth, and a total Mary Sue. I have no real personality, so lets act like I'm insecure!
Oh.
My.
God.
Only the most POPULAR guy here in school asked me out!! But why would he like me?...
Oh well. Now we shall live happily ever after, skipping into Tiara's furnace. :)))))))))))))
*Sets fire to entire story*
Now lets look at Werewolf stories.
Oh my god... this makes me want to chuck my computer out the window, and take my old baseball bat to it. You know that saying "My computer may have beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing" ? Yeah, I basically want to play hackey-sack (that weird little footsie game with the little bean bag...) with my computer when I see a werewolf story.
Here is how the plot ALWAYS.
ALWAYS.
ALWAYS works:
Hi! I'm the ugly rogue in my pack, and I'm a TOTAL Mary Sue. My OTP is only the ALPHA of our pack, but he's always with sluts and whatnot.
Oh my god! He denied our forever-togetherness!! :((((
I must now run away and join a new pack, and become pretty.
I now come back. And now he wants me?
Well... he may have been a total douche, but I love him so much <3
We must get married and burn under a blood-soaked moon as Tiara turns us on spits to devour us whole.
*Face-desk*
Now.... to look at One Infection-- I mean, One Direction stories.
Here's two ways the plot works:
Way #1