
Let's get one thing straight right now. This is in no way, shape, or form a hate against suicidal people. Not even close. This is a rant against the people on the internet, especially here on Wattpad, that announce to their followers that they're going to kill themself, and in truth they're just doing this for attention and really AREN'T going to kill themself.
This makes me sick, for several reasons.
Firstly, suicide is not a joke. It's an actual thing that happens everywhere in the world to people with legitimate problems and seemingly no way out of them.
Second of all, I have experience with this sort of feeling.
Third of all, it's so SICK that someone would stoop so low as to say they're going to commit suicide, JUST for attention. What's even worse is when there's people that ACTUALLY fall for it. I don't blame them for not knowing better. I blame the people that pull this shit for pulling this shit. It's not right in any way, shape, or form.
What's even worse is that it seems to only be happening on the weekends here. Cause the people are "smart" and think that Wattpad HQ won't be able to do anything about it until the weekday.
However, for the latest instance, Wattpad HQ was on the scene rather quickly, despite it being a Sunday.
One of my friends and I were talking last night about having Wattpad considering this sort of thing be against the rules, and if someone does this to ignore them and wait for Wattpad to intervein. Or, if you really must say something, to point them in the direction of a suicide hotline. No more, no less.
Did you know that, considering these  people were serious, if we tried to help them and they STILL killed themself, we could actually be sued?
Sad thing is, most of the people that publicly do this actually aren't serious. They're just doing it for attention, and the INSTANT we report them, and tell them that we've done so, they stop, cause they KNOW they've been caught in the act.
So yeah... don't pull this. Just don't do it. I'm sick of you doing this, and the next person I SEE do this is getting high-fived in the face with a shovel, reported to Wattpad, and, if they're actually, genuinely serious, being directed to a suicide hotline.
Peace out, people.