
Today's rant is going to be interesting, to say the least. It's going to be angry, it's going to be bitchy. But hey, you'll be finding this all out for yourself. Lets begin.
This rant is about a recently growing site, StopGRBullies.com. The link to them is in the External Link section under my lovely cover. Anyway.
So just why have I decided to rant about them today? What was it about them that stuck out to me, so to speak?
Well, after examining a fair number of their pages, I can say with almost complete certainty that this site is full of a bull's waste product. Even with all their articles. Even with the statements they make, that SEEM to be authentic.
For those of you that don't know what this site is about, this site is about pointing out Good Reads bullies [Hence the GR in their URL] and about how you can avoid turning out like them. Anne Rice even endorses them! Sounds pretty legit and useful, right?
Wrong. I've not even known this site for a week and I can already tell it's bad news.
My introduction to this site began when a popular user on this site shared a link to an article, one from StopGRBulliees, about her. The article CLAIMS that she's been stalking someone from Goodreads for two years. She's also been accused of carpet-bombing, or one-starring many books in a short period of time. They even provide screenshots of her treachery!
Sounds horrible, huh? Well, sort of. I'll touch on carpet-bombing a bit later.
The problem with StopGRBullies is that their so-called "evidence" is inconclusive, and barely useful at all. Where is their evidence that she's stalking someone? Just a screen-cap of an off-hand comment she made TWO YEARS ago about someone not taking criticism. Perhaps a joke, perhaps not. Either way, this was two years ago. Why drudge it up now?
But hey, maybe they're right. Maybe she's a bad person. Lets look deeper into this, shall we?
Next up, carpet bombing.
What is it, and why should we give a shit?
Carpet bombing is, to these people of StopGRBullies, going on a mass one-star spree in a short period of time. Lots of people have been called out on STGRB for this.
Here's my beef with this.
1. Why the hell should it matter how people rate stories. Its their profile, not yours.
2. Why do you care how frequently it happened? Maybe they forgot to and had not logged in for a while. Just because they give a book some stupid stars doesn't mean they're trolling.
3. I've looked throught the alleged carpet bombers. Honestly, I wonder if STGRB even reads what people one star.
Now for more things that make this site bad.
1. The matter in which they address "carpet bombers" is horrifying, and really, what THEY are doing is bullying as well.
2. They've fooled Anne Rice into believing their bullshit.
3. They moderate their comments, so only horrible people who agree with them can have their comments shown on the website. It's sickening, especially since if THEY'RE all for anti-bullying. If you've seen any of the comments, you'd know why it pisses me off. They themselves are bullying, calling these people names behind their back, when there isn't even any real proof that these people did anything wrong. They're hypocrites is what they are, and they know it.
This website is sickening. That's all I can say. They need to be stopped, because what they are doing is wrong. They are one-sided bullies. But what's a girl to do about them?
Please, just stop, StopGRBullies.