
Imagine for a second that you're just starting off on Wattpad again. You're posting your very first story...
Done!
You wait...
And you wait...
And you wait.
No comments! What the hell? You check your profile. Almost no reads. No attention at all to your precious work of art.
So you go over the mental checklist that you have in your head.
Does it have good grammar? Yep. Spelling's off the charts, and so is your vocabulary, so they're both out of the question. The cover is decent, and you have a good summary.  The first sentence looks alright....
So what the hell?!
Well, my friend, it seems you were rejected for whatever is on the "What's Hot" list. My apologies, here's a tissue.
What is this "What's Hot" list, you might ask? It's a list of the most popular stories for their genre, generated by a few different factors.
-Reads
-Votes
-Comments.
Together these make the dreaded trio I call "The Evil Three". Why? Because frankly all of this goes to stories undeserving of them, when they SHOULD be going to people like you.
Lets take the Werewolf genre, because it's easy to bitch about. Before I begin, the following literary device I will be using is GENERALIZATION. I'm not saying all werewolf stories are shit; I'm sure there are quite a few decent ones. But about... hmm.... 90% of the What's Hot list is full of shit.
Okay. Lets look at the MOST overused plotline for a werewolf story. The alpha rejects the female, female whines like the annoying Mary Sue she is, runs away, the alpha realizes he "loves" her, and goes after her and brings them back. Then they live happily ever after... burning in the pits of my furnace.
I am not kidding, that is almost every werewolf story I've seen on that god forsaken page. Why not try something new for a change? Like the process of BECOMING A WEREWOLF. Or maybe the alpha gets pushed off his high-and-mighty throne by some evil dude. Then you have a logical antagonist. And the mission? To get his spot as alpha back. Not every werewolf story has to equal love!
You know what else I don't get? The "Undiscovered Gems" list. I'm sorry, but that list is a bunch of shit, and I don't understand it. From what I can guess, it's for "undiscovered" stories.
I'm going to give Wattpad the benefit of the doubt and say, like the Werewolf section, some of the stories on the "Undiscovered Gems" list are pretty decent. Keyword, SOME. Now you're wondering why Undiscovered is in quotes. right?
Because that list is a bunch of bullshit. I've seen stories with MORE reads and MORE votes and MORE comments than my stories on that list... Even now, a year later after this rant had originally been written.
The point is, I've seen one with 10K reads, or more, and the only reason they're "undiscovered" is because of the number of votes and comments. That's stupid.
Hey Wattpad! Here's an idea! For Undiscovered Gems, how about you put ones with almost NO reads, votes, or comments on your god forsaken list?! Oh yeah.... cause you're all a bit... dense.
NOTE: The WHL Algorithm has, since this rant had been originally written, has changed a couple times and is now a lot better. Not perfect, there's still shit on the WHL. But it's an improvement.