
He pushed me up against the door.
"There is no tapping out in this game..."
"I'm not even sure if you can pin me down." I challenged.
Instead of responding he took my mouth in a slow, possessive kiss that made my toes curl. I kissed him back, nipping that bottom lip that I love soo much.
Getting lost in the feeling I began rubbing against him, loving the feeling of his hardness meeting my softness.
'I Love You... ' I whispered... He froze.
He pulled back, smiling down at me.
"I Love You Too..."
If we were going to make love I wanted him to know exactly how I feel...
Then we were kissing again but it was slower... so much slower.
His hands touched me everywhere like he was memorizing my body.
Somehow we ended up on the floor in the hallway. And surprisingly we fell asleep locked in each other's arms.
(Thought something naughty would happen huh?)
When I woke my heart was beating very fast in anticipation. Was that adrenaline running through me because I instantly jumped up and started pacing.
Still naked :) lol
Marcus wasn't beside me when I woke which made me anxious. I was so hyper I ran down the stairs when I passed the living room, I froze when I saw the full moon through the windows. It was beautiful.
Seeing the moon was like a chain reaction. My heart skipped a beat then picked up speed. I stood there gasping for no reason. As if I was compelled, I begun walking to the door.
"Marcus!!" I yelled, terrified.
No response...
I couldn't even contact my wolf. I couldn't sense her at all.
When I came outside I walked around back to the forest and the full moon lay over me, finally, somewhat calming me.
There was Marcus naked and waiting under a pool of light from the moon, looking so beautiful... He met my gaze and shifted.
His wolf was pure black with silver ears. He was soo cute but soo huge. His eyes glowed. He stared at the moon and howled pawing the ground. Something responded inside of me and snapped.
I fell to the ground as a wave of pain hit me then pleasure washed over me a instant later as I shifted into my wolf.
It felt as if I was watching a movie as I pawed the ground and howled with Marcus's wolf. As he heard my howl his eyes snapped to me and he circled me in... appreciation? Or approval maybe awe...
You okay...? Lady wolf purred.
"Yeah..."
Then she charged Brother wolf and we play ripping and running everywhere...
Who wants Marcus's Pov???