
When I woke up. Marcus wasn't in bed with me. I washed up in the bathroom and went to look for food. I figured he owned a mansion but as I saw the kitchen I gasped.
It was completely amazing and homely. I opened the refrigerator and realized I must be in heaven. I pulled out some food and got to cooking.
Marcus P.O.V
I laid in bed with her for as long as I could without waking her up and starting something else. God, my mate was so beautiful that it was like torture to look at her. Her scent drove me crazy especially the way it deepened when she was aroused.
I nearly ran from the room on that thought. She was driving me insane. From my office I could hear her downstairs and when I smelled the heavenly smell of food I raced down there. Seeing her in front of my stove, with her hair all sexily tousled, in one on my button up shirts, finishing up cooking us food, was a turn on. My patience was running out....
When she looked at me, smiling and said Good morning. I got an instant hard on. I rushed her, picking her up and attacking her mouth with mine. She instantly responded, the room filling up with her lovely scent, drowning the food's.
I placed her on the counter, kissing down her neck. And when she nuzzled my neck I leaned, giving her more excess and jerked when she bit me. The pain shocked me but it quickly turned into pleasure as she licked over her bite.
I pulled back. She looked shocked at herself. Her eyes glowed and her mouth was slightly parted and I could see her wolf's fangs slowly receding. Her wolf had awakened.
She looked at her mark and burst into tears. I held her, kinda amused that she thought she had hurt me but sad that she was crying. I kissed her tears away, whispering soft nothings until she calmed down.
Nia's P.O.V.
As he kissed all over me I could feel myself fading but I couldn't stop it. He was mine. All mine. Then It was like everything had dimmed.
Suddenly I nudged his neck to the side and bit him. He jerked and his hold tightened on me. I could taste blood as I licked over it. Then he pulled back, shock all over his face.
"Our mate." A voice growled.
I freaked and burst into tears. He instantly begun kissing my tears away and calming me down. I didn't understand why, I had just bit him hard enough to break his skin and I heard a voice in my head. He should be like WTF!
"It's okay Nia. I'm your inner wolf and I didn't hurt him, I marked him as ours. He is our mate. And he has a inner wolf too. You can call me Lady Wolf and tell him its time for you to know." Lady wolf said.
I calmed down believing her. I remember hearing her voice until I turned 13 years old. I hadn't felt her presence since. I thought that I just had imagined her.
I pulled back to look at Marcus.
"Lady Wolf says its time for me to know...." I whispered.
He nodded. "I know...."
He took a deep breath and exhaled.
"Nia, we are werewolves. I didn't turn you into one, you was born this way. Your parents are wolves though they are rougues and choose to wander around."
He looked at my face but I kept it blank. I could feel the truth radiating off of him.
"Continue." I said.
" And somebody tried to kidnap you. My wolf took control and killed them..."
"Did you get anything out of them before they...?"
"Nothing except they were forced to do it and that it would be more to try to get you. You are very important."
<<<<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Does Anybody have a Picture that would be great for the story? Or any ideas or comments about the stories? Vote Please!!