
In the room next to us, a woman screamed, I knew it wasn't in pleasure. An alarm went off. I jumped off him in fear. My desire for my virginity to be taken tonight gone.
"Out! Everybody out!" The lights came on and we paused staring at each other. He was beautiful. My eyes traveled up his body and I met dark hazel eyes.
I quickly looked away shyly. I grabbed my bra looking for my matching panties. I gave up and simply grabbed the bed sheet. I wrapped it around myself and ran from the room.
"Goodbye."
"Bye. " I replied.
Now here I was, safely in my car heading to my new house. I walked in and collapsed on the bed crying my heart out.
I didn't even know his name! I probably wouldn't ever see him again because I wasn't ever going there again. I couldn't take the chance of returning and meeting a serial killer.
I drifted off into sleep. In my dream he was there, all I could see was those beautiful hazel eyes.
He kissed me, telling me that we would finish what we started.... very soon."
A week passed. Of me constantly having dreams of him. He told me that I would get a sign an no matter how afraid I was to return, he was there and he would make sure I returned home without my virginity and very sated.
I was very tempted. The feelings he had made me feel that night stayed with me. I couldn't get rid of them. It was bearable only when I was with him in my dreams. I thought about sleeping with a random hot guy but the place where he had bit me burned. I quickly dropped the thought.
Finally, I got a letter in the mail from Fantasy World, it said that a member missed me and would be waiting for me to return tomorrow night. The letter assured me that the business was secure and that they would await my return.
I went. When I arrived they ushered me into the  familiar dark room. When the door closed I took off my clothes, then my mask, and I waited in the darkness.
I heard the door open and he took a deep breath.
"I've missed you..." He whispered.
I blushed, happy he couldn't see me.
"I have missed you too." I got up and walked up to him wrapping my half naked body around his. I immediately felt the familiar warm tingles in my stomach. I felt his hardness rising to meet my softness. He pulled me closer and I moaned softly.
"How do you feel?" He asked.
"I don't know... this whole week has been overwhelming. The passion mark has been getting me a lot of unwanted stares and attention. You opened something inside of me that night and its a little strange." I told him honestly.
"I marked you." He said.
"You what?"
"Marked you... as mine. That's why."
He turned on the light. I saw his face for the first time without the mask. And I couldn't take my eyes off of him. He was about 6'4. He looked a sex on a stick... I barely came to his neck gosh. He took a step back as if waiting on me to respond.
"Do I have a say in this?"
"Well I have already marked you but yes... you do... but I have just found you please just trust me." He whispered. He starred deeply into my eyes.
My heart melted but I didn't show any emotions on my face.