
R rated scene...
I was guided into a dark room and told to lie on the bed until my partner, that was chosen based on desires that were common between people, came.
Masks were not allowed to come off unless it was a mutual agreement to continue meeting in their private lives. I laid down on the silky sheets with my heart beating in my throat.
Anything could happen..... the freedom of my decision made the fear disappear as I thought of my "sheltered" life at home. Thank god I finally turned 18 years old.
I snapped out of my thoughts as I heard the door open. It was if my body suddenly became aware of everything. I was very sensitive as the door shut softly. I smelled a unique masculine smell that made my insides melt.
I couldn't hear his footsteps but I felt his presence and I felt the bed dip beside me under his weight. Damn, he smelled unbelievably good. Too good.
"Hey." He whispered.
"Hi." I whispered back.
I could feel his hand searching for mine in the darkness. He found it and led it to my body. I laid it on my heart, letting him feel my heart beating like it was going to jump out of my chest.
"Bold.....I like that... I want your first time to be perfect."
"How did you know?" I asked. He inhaled, taking a deep breath.(Werewolf senses)
"I can tell."
His hand trailed down over my breast, squeezing softly, and trailing down even lower. He parted my legs. The tingles that followed where ever he touched surprised me. (Unmated mates feel this) He slowly slid off my underwear giving me more than enough time to say no. I didn't. I wanted this.
"I'll let you get familiar with my body." He whispered, encouraging me.
I reached for him, touching a very warm chest. I raised up, moving closer to his body.
I took off my bra and climbed into his lap. He was naked and I could feel his hardness under me. I pulled his head down and softly kissed him.
"It's okay. You can do whatever you want... for now."
I got very warm and tingly. I pushed him backwards onto the bed.
"You'll tell me if I do it wrong right?" I asked.
"Yes."
The intense heat between my legs increased and I rubbed against him looking for a release.
I rubbed down his chest, I kissed him, and I memorized his face with my hands. He groaned.
Suddenly I felt his hands on my waste. I froze. I could feel him pulsing under me.
"Please...." I whispered. "I'm ready."
"You sure? There is no going back."
"Yes."
He raised back up and kissed me. His tongue slid between my parted lips, into my mouth and he caressed my breasts. His lips trailing down my neck.
He bit my neck and the pain quickly turned into pleasure. I came . I moaned loudly, shocking myself. He rubbed against me groaning then raised me up and wrapped my hand around him.
"Put me in..."
I led him to my opening, grinding him into me and he slowly lowered me on him.
I heard somebody scream!
My heart stopped. His hand on my back calmed me momentarily.