
I woke to the sound of a cell phone ringing.
Thinking it was mine, I answered.
"Hello?"
"Put Alpha Marcus on the phone immediately."
"Sorry, He doesnt accept calls from rude assholes. Call again when you learn respect." I said hanging up.
The number called again.
I answered, "If you aren't going to ask politely please hang up."
"Hello, this Alpha Blake may I please speak to Alpha Marcus immediately."
I looked at Marcus sleeping so peacefully, i couldnt wakr
"He's actually sleeping sir. May I take a message?"
"Tell him, I know he has my daughter intending to wed her and if he so much as touches my heir to the throne I will kill him." The line suddenly went dead.
I stopped breathing. I knew it was too good to be true. My wolf cut off our link.
He was engaged?
Well I wasn't sticking around for this.
I put on my clothes and wrote a letter.
If your reading this, I'm already gone. I'm not sure why you pursued me when you we're engaged to some Alpha's heir. I thought I was your mate, your other half but I guess not. By the way her father said if you so much as touched his daughter he will kill you. I never want to see you again. Thanks for the fun ride but I've reached my stop.
I left, briefly stopping at my house to pack my things. I was leaving I noticed a white note on my bed but didn't stop to read it. I just tossed it in the bag with my other clothes and left.  Next I cancelled my cards and instead withdrawed money out the bank so nobody could track me.
On the way out the back I was moving so fast I didn't see the black van that pulled up beside me and someone grabbed me throwing me in the van in front of witnesses. As I tried to get up, a body pinned me down. I looked up into familiar unique violet eyes. My eyes.
"Miasha Ambrose. Found you at last."
Miasha Ambrose. The Hell?!
"Cole. My name is Mia Cole."
"Is that what your mother told you? Angelina and James thought I wouldn't find you. Kept you heavily guarded for years but I finally have you."
"Angelina? Who is that?"
"Ah yes. She goes by Anne these days."
He must could see the confusion on my face.
"You really have no idea."
"Sir. I really don't care. Whatever they did, don't hurt me for it. I didn't choose my parents. And they definitely don't love me enough to care."
"Your wrong, your father does care. He always has."
"My father", I snorted, "he tried to force my hand in marriage for his own selfish reasons."
"Your biological father, Mia."
"James isn't my father? Then who is?"
"Alpha Blake Ambrose. My older brother."