
When I came to... I was surrounded in darkness, Not exactly that creepy, somebody took you, darkness but I didn't feel scared.
The softness under me told me a was in a expensive bed. But who's? All I could hear was my heart beating loud in the silence. I raised up slowly, being cautious. I couldn't see anything but I gathered up the courage to crawl out of bed and look for the door.
I felt oh so stupid feeling around the room to make sure I didn't make any noise. I bet I looked like a zombie. I felt the unmistakable length of a door, found the door nob, and opened it. It didn't creak (thank god) but the moment I stepped out of the room the dark hallway lit all the wall with candles.
It was like somebody was waiting on me so I followed them to the last room on the hall. I pressed myself against the door and simply listened.
"Come on in, Mia." A muffled voice said. The door opened oh so slowly and I realized that this was like what I seen in scary movies. I wanted to laugh at the irony of my situation.
I walked into the room and froze, very shocked to see Marcus seated behind the desk that my eyes first landed on.
" Mia..."
"Marcus? What happened?"
"Somebody tried to kidnap you. I got there as fast as possible and they ran off so I called the police and I took you here.... to my house."
"Wow."
I knew it was something that he was hiding. It was more to him than I knew and I was ready for him to tell me. But first...  I walked to him, ignoring the warning bells going off in my head, and climbed into his lap. He looked pretty surprised. I shocked myself actually.
"Mia..." He said. I kissed him with everything that I had been feeling over the last few days. He suddenly took control pulling me closer.
I almost lost you Mia... His voice whispered in my head. I pulled back. I couldn't have imagined that.
"Did you just-"
"Yeah." He whispered, crushing his lips to mine. I didn't stop him again because I sensed that he needed this to reassure him. I responded to every kiss and touch like I was used to it and it shocked me how much I liked it.
Finally he pulled back to let me catch my breath.
"I promise to tell you everything later but right now just let me bring you pleasure..."
Oh how could I not? I wanted him so bad....
Warning!!  There is a sex scene aheadVote!! Comment!!