
If you want to skip this look for this *!!!!*
I bit my bottom lip and nodded. I saw his eyes flare brighter as the lights dimmed and he ripped off my shirt. Placing me on his desk, he stood in front of me. I stared at him suddenly shy.
He slid off my clothes oh so slowly until I was naked. He cupped my breasts and I couldn't help but arch my back, moaning.
He pushed me backwards until my back touched the desk and licked over his mark. I pulled him closer, silently asking for more. He cocked his head looking down at me with a knowing smile. He pulled me forward until my bottom hung off the desk and parted my legs wide.
Then he kissed down my body. His tongue slid over my racing heartbeat to my breast kissing my nipples, and down my stomach. His hand glided down my hip while he kissed along it, gripping my thigh and caressing my soft inner skin.
Then I felt his tongue kiss me...... there. When he began licking over me I couldn't help crying out as unbelievable waves of pleasure washed over me.... Everything else faded into the background as he pleasured me....
(They didn't have sex yet!)
Bonus* Marcus's P.O.V!! *!!!*
I laid on my side watching Mia sleep. After I pleasured her she was exhausted so I carried her to the couch.
I laid her down and cleaned off my desk. Afterwards I managed to squeeze on the couch with her. She had cuddled close to me, and slept. I knew I had to tell her that I was werewolf and that she was my mate. Also that I was the guy that had asked for her hand in marriage after catching a delicious scent on her father's at our business meeting. My wolf growled "mate"
I had asked him about his family. They were running from an Alpha. Her Mother ran away pregnant with the alpha's daughter after meeting her mate Mia's step father. Finally they wanted to join my pack for protection.  My mate was either his wife, or his only daughter.
After seeing a picture of them in his phone I recognised his daughter as my mate immediately.
I asked him to bring them to dinner. At the time my mate was only 9 years old.
Her parents knew something was up by the way my attention centered on their child. They finally realized that was my mate. Her father offered me her hand in marriage for me to accept them into my pack. I accepted under the condition that she remained pure and heavily guarded.
I had her followed up with them the day of her 18th birthday to learn she had moved out immediately after finding out she was expected to marry a stranger. They hadn't had the chance to tell her who so I immediately tracked her down.
Surprisingly I found she had signed up for the sex club fantasy land and I saw that as a great opportunity to get my mate. My wolf nearly went berserk at the thought of someone else claiming what was ours.
I bribed the manager into giving me her room number and causing "accidents" so i wouldn't take her viginity until after we married. She deserved more than that.
Later when I told her parents I located her they were surprised. They expected me to tell her everything. And somebody was after my mate.
"Our mate." My wolf growled in my head. He couldn't wait to mate her.
But that had been hours ago and I was really trying to ignore my hunger to take her but it was so damn nearly impossible.
But I was so uncomfortably cramped that it kept me from touching her. So I lifted her and placed her on top of me. I breathed a sigh of relief until she shifted, rubbing against me.