
"Well in order for me to be yours, you have to tell me everything about yourself." I said. I knew that something was different about him.
"Now?"
"No... not now. I have something planned for now."
He pulled me closer and licked over the place where he had "marked" me.... I came from the intense pleasure. Surprised and very weak I just stared at him as he picked me up and carried me to the bed.
"Well I have something planned too."
" What?"
"I rather show you what I have planned but you have to trust me with your life... Do you want this?"
Now I was raised never to take candy from strangers but I knew he wouldn't hurt me. He already had my trust.
"Yes. I want this. I trust you.... with my life." I said.
He growled, his eyes flashed brighter making me gasp in anticipation of what was to come. He cut back off the lights and we unclothed each other. Then I felt him place me on the bed whispering "stay still," and tying me eagle style to the bed with the black scarfs that were around the bedposts. I thought they were just there for decoration....
My legs were opened pretty wide. My hands were too. I could barely move and it was weird having my body on display since I was so shy and this was so brand new. I was happy he had turned off the lights.
He blew his warm breath over me, causing me to get wetter. Then I felt something.... ooh it was his tongue!
"Oh my god." I moaned. I tried to kick him away. He groaned, holding my shaking legs. He didn't mind when I tried to run away or when I tried to get closer or even when my moans got louder. He simply held me in place, driving me out of my mind.
I came, screaming. He kissed me where the throbbing was most intense and untied me. He rose back up kissing his mark on my neck constantly. He was gonna make me die of pleasure.
We rolled all across the bed fighting for the top position. He didn't let me stay on top for long and I didn't let him.
"Look, I will tie your ass back up." He growled, getting back on top. I started laughing.
"Oh really." I teased. He let me climb back on top and wrap his arms up.
"Now what?" I said.
" I let you tie me up..."
"Soo..."
I kissed him, grabbing him and stroking softly.
"Umm-"
"Your doing...... yeah.... like that." He groaned, cutting me off, as I tightened my grip on him as moved faster.
Just as I thought about taking him into my mouth, the damn fire alarm bell rung.
"Dammit." He growled. I untied him and jumped off of him. He cut on the lights. We pulled on our clothes watching each other the whole time.
"I'm Marcus by the way. Marcus Wilson."
"I'm Mia Cole.."
I was about to leave but I stopped.
"Can you come home with me?"
"God I thought you'd never ask, yes."
I held my hand out to him.
He took it. When we got to the nearly empty parking lot, I knew that the huge black Camarra beside my black Mustang GT was his.