
When I arrived home my parents were there. I was the only child. I never knew what it was like to have freedom living with them. Never had friends because I was home schooled. Never had a boyfriend because my father had to "approve." How embarrassing! I never complained, I was the perfect obedient child until father had tried to marry me off to some guy and I had enough. They hadn't spoken to me since I said I was moving out. They stepped out of the car as I pulled up. I immediately jumped out.
Marcus pulled up behind my car and got out. He noted the cold looks my parents gave me and walked over to put a comforting hand on my shoulder. My father saw that and curled his lip.
"Who is this?" He asked me rudely. I didn't get a hey or nothing. I started to go off on him but Marcus spoke.
" I'm Marcus Wilson. And you are?"
"James Cole, this is my wife Anne." He said offering his hand. I saw respect shining in my parents eyes. So they knew him. My dad stared at me snugly.
"How did you find out where I live?" I asked.
"It's my job-"
"You both are not welcome here!"
"You dare speak to your  parents like this?! I could disown you..." He said.
I shut up, only because Marcus was here.
"Excuse me, my manners left when I moved out. What do you want?"
"We just wanted to check up on you. You're our only daughter, we worry about you."
"I'm doing great."
"Why did you leave your car?"
"I left it as a farewell to you both ."
Marcus gave me his phone. He shared a long look with my parents before breaking eye contact to talk to me. It was if he had communicated with them because they both relaxed. Weird huh? He turned to me.
"I'm sure you haven't had time to get one so use mine. I'll call you to set up a date or whatever later."
He kissed me! In front of my very powerful parents! I blushed as they looked shocked.
"Goodnight to you all. I must take my leave now."
"Well?" My father asked raising his eyebrows when Marcus left.
I shrugged ignoring my mom's look of shock at the gesture. "I just met him a week ago."
"Do you know who he is?"
"Should I? "
"I'm surprised you caught his eye since all I ever seen him with is high class models." He said changing the subject.
"What's the real reason you both came by?"
"Well nothing now. You've met Marcus." My Dad said smiling smugly. It put such a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach.
They got into their car and left before I gathered the nerve to question them. Was that a warning or a threat?
I went inside my house and made myself some dinner. I wasn't too sure about what was going on anymore. I was overwhelmed and tired but wide awake.
He called just as I finished. I decided to soak away the feeling that I was in way over my head.
Vote!!! Please!!