
"Mia..."
"Marcus." I whispered.
Hearing his voice assured me that I wasn't crazy. A very rich powerful man wanted me to be his. Was I stupid enough to believe this?
"What are you doing?" He asked.
"Taking a much needed soak in the tub."
I knew he was waiting to talk about what happened.
"I'm outside, Mia."
"What?" I gasped, nearly dropping the phone into the water.
"I'm outside." He repeated.
"Oh I'll hurry." I panicked. I knew he was driving but I didn't know he was driving back to my house and so late at night.
"No take your time I be out here when you finish."
Despite what he said I still hurried drying off and throwing on a huge t-shirt and nothing else. I knew I was asking for trouble. I ran to the door and opened it. He stood there just checking me out.
"Are you coming in?" I asked, unsure.
"I was waiting on your lovely lips to invite me in?" He explained, making me blush.
"Oh come in in!" It was about 12:00 at night.
I backed away giving him space. I thought about us in the bedroom and by the amused smile, he knew. He simply followed cornering me into the wall behind me.
His eyes held so much lust that excited me. When my back hit the wall and I had no where to go, he quickly advanced.
"I didn't come here to ravish you but I've waited too long to taste you again Nia." He said, crushing his lips to mine. His lips softened when I responded eagerly to his kiss.
When I pulled back to catch my breath he stopped. He didn't seem out of breath what so ever. He stared at my pulse jumping in my throat.
"Um sorry."
"No, excuse me, if anything I was trying to devour you."
He pull me closer into him and I felt the unmistakable length of his hard arousal against my softness. I didn't have on underwear or a bra and I cursed myself for rushing.
I felt something building up inside me as his eyes flared brighter.
"Your testing my patience Nia. Please go put on clothes before I take you." He groaned, pulling away.
Instead I pushed myself against him and he groaned.
"Take me. I want it." I whispered.
He picked me up and I wrapped my legs around him grinding on him. He bit me where my mark was making me start to burn in pleasure.
"Where is your bedroom?"
I pointed, sticking my tongue into his mouth. He laid me on my bed and ripped my shirt off. I pulled at him pants and purred as I rubbed over his erection. He pulled back opening my legs.
Then the doorbell rung....
"Damn baby." He whispered. "I think its a sign."
"Ah Fuck!" I exclaimed.
He laughed.
"I'll wait here." He said. "Hurry back to me Mia."
I pulled on clothes smiling shyly as he watched me the whole time. How can I not? My legs were still shaking but I rushed downstairs and opened the door, thinking it was my parents since I had just moved here.
Two men grabbed me before I could speak and put a sickly sweet smelling cloth to my nose. I wasn't even strong enough to put up a fight.
I could hear Marcus in my head saying he was coming but I thought I was imagining it. I heard a inhuman growl as darkness over took me.
Vote!! Please.