

"No. Not yet. I had to get her first. I plan to go get them as soon as I'm sure Alfred can take care of her."

"Of course," said Alfred. "You go. She'll be fine."

He began to leave, but Bruce stopped him with a hand on his shoulder.

"Go out through the cave," his friend said. "It's quicker, and no one will ask questions about Superman randomly appears somewhere. You can come back through that way and avoid questions about Clark carrying such strange stuff."

With a nod and another look at the girl, he did as Bruce suggested, taking the secret exit through the Bat Cave as Superman and flying back home. Once there, he changed back into Clark. He then found a cardboard box and went back out to the wreckage.

Gingerly, he lifted each mechanism and machine into the box, careful not to damage them. Then each piece of paper was just as carefully added. The paper was thin, but despite their yellowed appearance, each sheet felt stronger than any on Earth. Almost as an afterthought, he added the doll to the box. It had to be important to have been placed in the ship.

After carrying the box to the back porch, he went back to the wreckage. There could be no sign of the ship left. He dug around the edges with his hands to get it un-stuck from the ground it had landed in. Then he carried it to the barn, and hid it under the floor with the ship he had come to Earth in. He then went back to the hole and filled it with dirt, hoping no one would stumble upon the place.

Quickly he changed back into Superman, and flew the box to the Bat Cave's secret entrance. He entered the Cave to find Bruce already waiting.

"Alfred's with her. He said he needed time to examine her, see if there were any major injuries. He promised to let us know if there are any changes, or if he finds anything."

Superman nodded, but his eyes often strayed to the exit that led into Wayne Manor. He worried about the girl. She was like him, and even in the past hour or so, he'd come to fear losing her. Something about her was special.

Bruce was already emptying the box, lifting each item out one by one and setting them on the only clear surface. He spread the papers out and laid the doll aside, mumbling about bringing it to the girl later.

The first machine he looked over seemed to consist of a funnel of sorts, attached to a rectangular base. The base had knobs and buttons, all labelled in the same strange writing from the papers. Bruce hesitantly turned one of the knobs, and much to their surprise, the writing changed. He turned it again, and it changed once more.

"Wait," said Superman. "I can read that. It's Kryptonian." Bruce handed him the gadget, and he looked it over.

"Aha!" he exclaimed, turning the knob once more and a dial once. The language changed to English.

"Strange," Bruce mused, taking the gadget from his friend. "Insert... Language... Planet.... Wonder what it's for?"