

Superman shrugged. "Perhaps one of the others can help."

Finding similar, unlabeled dials on a microscope-like machine, Bruce toyed with them for a few minutes, but he could not figure it out.

"Any idea what to do with this one?" he asked, half-jokingly.

"No," admitted the other. "But it looks like a microscope. Perhaps you can get a closer look at the papers under it."

"Maybe," agreed Bruce, choosing a piece and sliding it under the viewing lens.

Superman pulled his Clark clothes back over his costume as Bruce did this. Suddenly the latter made an exclamation of surprise.

"This one here... it changes the language of the papers! This dial, used on a normal microscope for focusing it, changes the language that you read it in - see, look."

Clark looked, and after a moment, he changed the paper.

"I believe it's a letter," he said slowly. "Maybe more than one. I'm trying to find the first page."

Suddenly he gasped. "It is a letter," he whispered. "But... that can't be..."

"What?" demanded Bruce.

Clark shook his head. "It's... it's to me. Kal-El. Whoever wrote this letter sent it... to me. Which means... she was sent to me, too."

For several minutes, Clark looked over the papers. It was one letter, with several others left in envelopes.

The letter ran as follows:

Kal -
I'm sure you've no idea of who I am, or who the girl you found is. I'm equally certain that you've no idea how to work these machines I have sent, but as I myself do not know Human languages, nor what country on the planet Earth you are on, I suppose I will have to hope you are a fast learner.
First, who I am. I would not be bothering with my life story if I did not think it absolutely necessary for you to understand. Though you do not remember me, I remember you quite well. My name is Jhan-El, and I am the second-oldest of my brothers. There were four of us, one of which you will know quite well. The oldest of my brothers - Jor-El. Your father, who sent you from Krypton as an infant to save you from his fate.
Your father had promised the Council that neither he or your mother would leave Krypton, as he so desperately wished to do. He knew the fate that would soon befall the planet, and did what he could to save you. But there were three others he wanted to save, to fulfil a promise he had made to his own father years before. He had three younger brothers - myself, and two others, Lan-El and Slad-El. Years before, he promised our father that he would keep us safe, no matter what it took. He meant to keep that promise.
His original plan was to send the lot of us to the planet you inhabit now - Earth. Lan and I refused to go to such a primitive place, requesting instead to be sent to Juprin, a more advanced planet in a neighboring solar system. At first, our brother was skeptical and did not want to send the two younger ones (you and Slad, he was only five at the time) off to Earth alone, but later the pair of us convinced him.