
Clark Kent was standing in the back doorway of the house where he'd grown up. Placing his palm on the door frame, he thought of his family, his history. Where he'd come from and what he did. He was lonely, but he wouldn't complain. He was, after all, a busy man. Who had time for a family?

For the umpteenth time, he wondered if there was any chance that someone, anyone, other than himself could have escaped before Krypton exploded. There was no way for him to know. He'd scoured Earth, but had found no one like him on this planet. There was, perhaps, a small chance that another had escaped, to another planet, but he had no idea where to look. And he didn't want to risk being away from Earth for so long.

As he stood there, deep in thought, something flashed across the sky. His eyes followed it as he stood, transfixed. That was no ordinary meteor.

Seeing it land in the field before him, he began to walk toward the landing place, almost unaware of what he was doing. He couldn't believe what he'd seen. Surely it was impossible. Earth was one of the most primitive planets in the universe. No "aliens" besides his own parents would think of sending someone here... would they?

As he drew closer, he saw that he was right. A ship, slightly blackened by the heat of entering the atmosphere, lay in a newly made crater in the field. He finished the final yards in a jog, then slowly climbed into the crater to get a closer look.

It appeared to be of partially Kryptonian make, but parts of it looked to be from somewhere else - somewhere with higher technology than Krypton. But where? And why was it sent?

He laid his palm on it, much as he had done on the door frame only moments ago. As he did, it opened. Hesitantly, he looked inside.

The interior of the ship was cluttered with strange machines, seemingly untouched by the entrance into the atmosphere. Several slightly yellowed papers lay in disarray, a strange writing covering them. A  doll of sorts sat forlornly, facing the center of the mess, where the biggest surprise lay.

A young girl lay unconscious in the middle of it all. She looked to be about ten or eleven, but it was hard to tell. Her clothes were strange. The top, which had a long sleeve on the right and no sleeve on the left, looked as if it had been made of wood. Her pants, which seemed to be tight without over-empathizing her figure, looked like chrome, or some similar material. Boots of some color akin to black came halfway to her knee, covering the bottom of the pants. Not a single piece seemed to have a seam.

Her hair was of a silverish hue, and reflected the late afternoon sun beautifully. Her slightly parted lips were of the palest pink, a contrast to her tanned skin. Long fingers curled around another piece of paper, this one more tear-stained than any of the others. A small bag, made of the same material as her shirt, lay in her other hand, her closed fist clutching it as if it contained all she knew.

Careful not to harm anything in the ship, Clark gently lifted the girl from the ground. Her shirt's woody appearance masked the water-like texture, and her metallic pants were cool to the touch. She made no sound or movement as he flew for a moment to get her out of the hole. He looked at her in wonder and thought about what to do with her. Looking back at the machines from some other planet that laid in the crater, he made a decision.
