
He would take her to Gotham. Bruce Wayne was a genius when it came to technology, and his butler, Alfred, was always willing to help with children. Maybe they could help.

He brought her inside and laid her on the couch for a moment and went to change. Flying would be quicker and easier than walking, and no one needed to see Clark Kent flying through the sky.

When Clark - now Superman - went back to the living room, the child was still unconscious, just as he'd left her. He picked her up gently and left through the back door, then took off toward Gotham.

Once in Gotham, and sure he was unobserved, he changed back into his civilian clothes and walked the rest of the way toward Wayne Manor.

Ringing the doorbell would be difficult with the child in his arms, and knocking was out of the question. He stood there trying to figure out what to do when the door was suddenly opened by Alfred.

"Mister Kent! What a surprise. What are you doing here? And who is the girl?"

"I'll explain later, Alfred. I need to talk to Bruce, and she needs attention."

"Of course. Come in, come in. I'll go get Master Bruce."

Alfred led Clark upstairs and into an unused bedroom. "Lay the child there, I'll go get Master Bruce."

Clark carefully laid the strange girl on the bed as Alfred left. Again, he found himself studying the strange girl. Whoever she was, and whatever the reason she was sent here, she was like him. Far from home, on a strange planet. Alone. And probably pretty afraid. She couldn't have been younger than five when she was sent from home, if it was even that long ago. His palm caressed her cheek as his thoughts spun.

"Clark?"

Clark stood from where he'd been sitting on the edge of the bed and turned around.

"Bruce."

The bachelor walked closer, Alfred on his heels. He looked closely at the girl.

"Where'd she come from?" he asked.

"I found her. Watched her fall, less than an hour ago. She hasn't awoken once."

"She's not human." It wasn't a question.

Clark shook his head. "No. Not even Kryptonian, from what I can tell. At least, not fully."

"Why bring her here?"

"I know nothing about caring for an unconscious child, human or otherwise. I thought Alfred could help there. And there were machines and papers in the ship, I thought you could help with that."

For the first time since laying eyes on the child, Bruce looked at Clark and met his eyes. "Are they here?"