
I remember when the three ships left Krypton - one containing Lan and I, one containing Slad, and one holding you. I remember thinking how sad it was that I would never see you or my two brothers again, and I shed tears as I watched my home planet explode, family and friends dying a horrific death.
The trip for Lan and took less than half a fortnight, but it seemed like an eternity. When we finally landed, we found ourselves in a lake, of sorts. Once we made it to shore, we were surprised to find a lovely girl watching us - but I'm sure she was more surprised to find the two of us in her lake! She wore a tiara on her head, and she carried herself with a regal air, but she seemed genuinely concerned as she asked Lan and I in a strange language if we were alright.
Neither of us understood her, but she ushered us into a nearby mansion anyway. A strange device - the funnel-like one I sent to you - was inserted into our ears and a button pushed, and she asked again if we were alright. This time, we understood her and slowly I told her what had happened. She then sent a servant to fetch her parents, both of which wore crowns of a sort.
We learned that her father was the ruler of that country, and she was the next heir to the throne. Even without this knowledge, I had already fallen in love with the silver-haired girl.
We were welcomed to Juprin and were soon friends with the Royal Family. After a few months, Lan and I parted ways, he to find a home and a wife, and I to continue to adjust to life on this strange planet and study their technology.
A year passed, and I soon had a fine home of my own. I then approached the king about a delicate matter. I wished to marry his daughter. Within another year, we were wed, and within another seven we had three beautiful childeren - our son Kinl-El, out daughter Aldez-El, and our youngest son Quatin-El. We were happy.
When Quatin was nine years old, we were surprised to find that my wife - Princess Ani-Val Shal-El - was going to have a fourth child. Nine months later, my children and I grieved her loss, as she had died in childbirth. Her baby was a mirror image of herself, and I could not bring myself to name her anything but Ani-Val-El.
I will skip the next several years, as I'm sure Ani-Val can tell you herself when the time comes and I do not wish to make this letter any longer than necessary. What you should know is that on Juprin, they do not choose future heirs to the throne by bloodline, but by a birthmark on their right shoulder. On Aniv's seventh birthday, her grandmother found the mark on her, and named her next-in-line for the throne. Kinl had the secondary birthmark, to take over if anything happened to Aniv.
The past year has been a hard one. I am writing this the day before Aniv's eighth birthday to tell you that we have to send her away for her own safety. Several attempts have been made on her life in the past year, and I do not want to lose my daughter. On Earth she will be safe.
On the subject of my youngest brother, Slad-El, however. . .
Slad-El was unstable as a child, and as a Kryptonian that is dangerous. I've no idea where he is now, but I do not want to risk sending Ani-Val to him and her getting hurt. I believe sending her to you is safest.
I calculate that she will arrive on her tenth birthday, two years after we send her off. My family aches as we watch her go. None of us want to see her leave, but we are sure you will do what is right. Protect her and care for her. Please.