
I rush over to get my bag that's at the end of the bed. I hear my mom call my name from down the hall.
"Kira hurry up. You will be late for your first day of school!"
"Im going"
I put my converse on and head for the door. I get in the car and we drive towards Endeavor High, my new school. My mom and I came to California in the beginning of summer from Chicago. We only brought our SUV stuffed with a mattress, some clothes we tossed in a big suitcase, and a microwave. We did not want to spend another second in Chicago. I don't even think we can go back there anymore, not after what happened. We were in a rush to leave Chicago and my mom found a house here on Craigslist so we dipped and now we're here. Im nervous for today, I hope I can make some friends, well at least one. I had to lose contact with all of my friends, it's better to be safe than sorry. I sigh when my mom pulls over and drops me off. I tell her goodbye and head towards the gates. I pass by a group of boys having a rap battle. This school cannot get any weirder.And I spoke too soon...by the gym I assume are two people basically fucking. Wtf. The bell rings to my relief and I find my schedule in my bag. First period Anatomy. Great now I have to listening to immature guys talking about body parts. I walk in and take a seat next to a guy with blonde hair and blue eyes. He has on a white t-shirt, black jeans, and white converse. He actually looks really nice for the first day of school. I guess he saw me looking at him because when I look up he smiles at me. I blush and quickly take out my binder.
"Hey I'm Niall", he says with a cheeky smile. Is he talking to me? I look at him and he is staring at me, well I guess he is.
"Hi I'm Kira"
"Thats a cute name", Niall says with a grin.
"Thanks", I say and smile
I don't even know him and he calls me cute, we'll at least my name.
The teacher goes over the rules for his class over a powerpoint while we write them in our notebooks. The class goes by fast and the bell rings. I hurry to put my stuff in my bag and walk out the door. I look over my schedule,next class :Pre-Calculus. Now where the hell is that. When I came for my orientation with my mom and the administrator was showing us around I wasn't paying attention, and now I have to walk around like a lost puppy. I hear a voice call my name and I turn around.
"Umm...do you need help finding your next class?", Niall says shyly. YES YES YES! THANK YOU!
"Yeah thanks", I say as calmly as I can and tell him that I have math next. He starts walking and I follow him.
"So Pre-Cal huh? I have AP Statistics this year. I think it might be easier than Pre-Cal. Everyone says that the class is hard and the teacher is strict".
" Well way to shit on my parade", I say hoping he gets my sarcasm. He laughs and says
"Sorry...so how do you like this school so far?"
Should I tell how I really feel? That its weird and this school is the last place I want to be right now. Maybe not, he might have school pride or something.
" It's pretty cool, people here are really nice". I hope he believes that because that was a bunch of bull.
"It mostly depends on who you hang out with. Some of these kids are cool and some are jerks. But I think you will find some good friends", Niall says and we stop in front of my class."Anyways I have to go to English class, how exciting! I'll see you later Kira, have fun in math",he says and walks away. Great now I can put that in my book on How To Get A Guy From Ever Talking To You Again.
"Thanks have fun..." in your class ...and he's gone.
I enter my class and sit down. The teacher introduces herself as Mrs.Page and talks about how she spent the summer in Cancún. She doesn't seem so bad from what Niall said. Then she tells us that we have a warm-up with 10 problems that we have to solve in five minutes. And I spoke too soon yet again. I try to do the problems but I can't focus. All I can think about is Niall, his Irish accent, his blonde hair, his eyes, his smile,his laugh. But he drifts from my mind completely when I get to my next class.
Art.