
"Fine, but behave yourself, all right?"
Toby licked her chin in reply. Before she departed, she wrote a note for Lady Haruka that she was out on personal errant in case she was late and the woman got worried about her. That done, she locked the door and rushed to the elevator.
Outside the building, she signaled for a taxi and the driver to take her to the Princeton Hotel. Some twenty minutes later, she headed in through the front door. She was about to greet the sole receptionist there when James, still in his pajamas and robe, called out to her.
Sakura rushed into his opened arms and buried her face against his chest, Toby in between them in her arms. James stroked her head fondly, and once Sakura lifted her face up to look at him, he felt his gut retching with sickness. He had seen her looking like that many times when she had been young. It was usually after the nightmare.
He tightened his arms around her and said, "Come on, let's get you comfortable."
At Sakura's nod, he led her into the elevator. Not long afterward, they reached the top floor and headed into the penthouse. Brenda greet Sakura by pulling the girl into her arms. Husband and wife understood that something has happened, otherwise Sakura wouldn't have come to time at such hours of the night.
Once Sakura was comfortably sitting on the Sofa, a hot chocolate in her hand, James began. "Tell us."
Sakura turned her gaze from her hot drink, which had soothed her a little, to her adopted father. James was stroking Toby, who was comfortably asleep on his lap.
"I saw Mrs. Byrd," she said softly.
James and Brenda looked at each other. Then Brenda said, "Are you sure, sweet heart?"
Sakura nodded.
"But she's dead in the fire that burnt the orphanage," Brenda stated, confused.
Sakura put her mug on top of the coffee table and sighed. "There's something I haven't told you." She added, "Haven't told anyone."
James watched her carefully. "You can trust us, sweet heart."
Tears suddenly brew in Sakura's eyes and flowed down her cheeks. Brenda rushed over and pulled the girl into her arms.
"You can trust us, sweet heart," she said.
Sakura nodded and lifted her head. She wiped the tears away with the back of her sleeve and began her tail. "That night eighteen years ago, when the orphanage got burnt down, I was there and saw everything."
James and Brenda once again looked at each other, their faces sick with concern.
"I had the nightmare," Sakura said. "I was cold and then I was thirsty. I thought that it was very late and so no one would see me if I could just get a glass of milk." She swallowed, for to speak of that night again really hurt her. It just reminded her so much of the pain she had been through.
"I saw her pouring gasoline..."
Sakura had a faraway look in her eyes as she recited her horrid experience that night, and by the time she finished, her whole body was shaking. Brenda hugged her tight and said to her husband, "James, we need to investigate."
James nodded.
"Sakura, sweet heart," Brenda said. "You need to rest. Come along, you can stay in our spare bedroom."