
Conrad stared at the dress. "Is that all?"
She laughed weakly. "What else do you expect?"
"I dunno," he said. He was hoping she'd ask him to protect her by letting him stay in her room or something so they could spend time together.
"Thanks a ton," she said. Conrad looked decidedly wounded.
"Don't you look at me like that, young man." She chuckled. "I promise I'll be fine. Good night."
Conrad nodded and with the dress in his hands reluctantly left the room.
Once she was alone, Sakura sighed. She eyed Toby, who was already sound asleep in his basket. She went to kneel beside him and petted him. "Good night, Toby," she said and went to brush her teeth and change into her pajamas.
Tonight she slipped on her Victoria's Secret cotton Mayfair sleep shirt of gray and white ribbon stripes and a cute pair of boxer shorts. Feeling nice and comfy, she switched off the central light, leaving only her bedside lamp, and then got into bed.
She lay there fully awake. It was quiet in her room, and in the distance she could hear the noises from downstairs. Lauren was pretty loud, probably talking animatedly to Conrad. Then there was the noise of Katherine, Mary, Peter, and Richard laughing and chatting away enthusiastically. Of course Alaina and Tara joined in the laughter, as if nothing had happened earlier at the pool. It was odd, however, that she didn't hear any of the brothers joining in the conversations. She was pretty sure Tristan was always loud in this kind of affair. So were Logan and Conrad. This evening, however, they were awfully quiet, as though they were in mourning.
She didn't know how long she lay there, listening to the humming of human conversations floating through the ceilings from downstairs. She certainly didn't know when she had fallen asleep either, and when she did, she had a nightmare.
* * *
Thirteen Years Ago, Summer
"Snow," nine-year-old Darcy said softly, his eyes on Sakura's sleeping form, his finger gently touching her silky black tresses. He moved his fingers to gently caress her cheek, then stroked his fingers across the length of her lips. He grinned, feeling his heart beating faster and faster and his pulse throbbing irregularly.
Rays of bright sunlight shone through the library's windows, making her even more beautiful, just like a little angel. He hadn't seen her in a year and now look at how grown up she'd become.
Ten-year-old Sakura opened her eyes, fluttering her long, dark lashes that so fascinated him. She adjusted to the brightness of the room, and once she saw him she smiled. It was a beautiful smile, and it caused Darcy's heart to flutter with joy.
"Darce," she said softly, sitting up. "You're back from boarding school."
"I am," he whispered.
"Well? How was it? Did you like it? I haven't seen you for so long. What?" she asked, noting that he was staring at her for a bit too long.
He grinned and held up a book. "Read this to me," he said instead. "I missed you reading to me."
She noted that the book was old. She smiled when she saw that it was Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare.
"All right," she replied, taking the book from him. In an instant, the book was snatched from her hand and thrown to the floor. Sakura looked up to see Alaina and Tara standing before them, glaring down at her.
Tara pulled Darcy away so hard that it caused him to fall back and land on his backside.