
Coffee & Cherry Blossom

Sebastian was forced to eat his own words when they stared wide-eyed in disbelief at the sight before them. The Princeton Estate was in full bloom with cherry blossoms. Clouds of pink flowers stretched endlessly beyond them, and the road leading to the house was carpeted with pink petals.
"We don't have to go to Japan to see cherry blossoms in full season," Conrad said, smiling.
"It's nice," Nicolas remarked.
Sebastian couldn't say a thing. Then a gust of wind swirled past, releasing a myriad of flowers from the trees, petals raining down on the car, some landing on the windscreen. He was too stunned to turn on the wiper and continued driving until they reached the front courtyard of the two-hundred-year-old stately mansion, which most foreigners liked to call the Grand Castle of St. Joseph Island, made of massive gray stone that had stood up against many winters.
The estate was immaculately maintained with lush, green lawn and neat, pretty flowerbeds their father loved. The grand water feature of cupids and fairies, their father's pride and joy, stood proudly in the middle of the courtyard for them to admire, though the brothers didn't notice it as they drove past.
"Phew!" Tristan voiced the moment he was out of the car. "We're finally here. Really need a drink."
"Non-alcoholic," Darcy said, remembering the hangover he had yesterday.
Just then the housekeeper, Beth Faber, a plump woman with a stern look on her face, came out and screamed, "Oh Mother of God!"
The brothers turned to look at her, surprised by her voice.
"Beth!" Logan greeted. "Surprise!"
"My goodness! This is a very big surprise," Beth said. "Now I really have to get all your rooms ready."
Tristan chuckled. "As if that's hard for you."
"All seven of you, mind you," Beth replied. "And where's Miss Alaina and Tara?"
The brothers started filing into the house, causing the two maids, who were busy carrying trays of savories into the drawing room, to come to a standstill. They were shocked and at the same time pleased to see them. They simply couldn't believe the handsome seven brothers were back. It was going to be an interesting and entertaining spring, all right.
Hayden nodded at them, Logan winked, and Tristan blew them a kiss. Nicolas just shook his head at his brothers' flirtatious nature and followed them into the drawing room, followed by Conrad, who gave the maids a friendly wave and smile. Darcy-darkly handsome and totally hot with his I don't give a shit about the world look-nearly sent the girls to Nirvana. He glanced at them, which caused the maids' hearts to flutter with joy and their knees to turn into jelly.
"He's so handsome," Anna, with red hair and massive freckles on her face, said dreamily, her voice quivering with delight. The other maid, Helen, nodded in agreement, her eyes large with love as they followed Darcy strolling into the drawing room.
Sebastian was the last to enter through the immense double door. When the girls saw him, they nearly dropped their trays because he was so gorgeous, just like an archangel with blond hair and blue eyes.
Sebastian didn't pay them any mind and in fact didn't even see them. He headed straight into the drawing room to see his mother, Brenda Princeton, hugging and kissing her sons.
"You boys have changed so much since I last saw you," she said, tears in her eyes.
"Oh, come now, Aunt," Mary Collins, the bride-to-be, said from the other side of the room. "It couldn't have been that long." She turned to Sebastian. "What happened? I heard you caused an accident."