
"Let go!" she said, her voice weak.
The person turned her around so her back was resting against the thickness of a tree trunk and her front was to him. His masculine, lean body completely enveloped her, embracing her so she had no way of escape. Sakura could feel his warm heat radiating out to her, and her heart started to thunder loudly within her chest and her head began to go a bit dizzy.
"Who are you?" she whispered softly, not at all seeing his face in the darkness.
He was tall, she realized, for her head barely reached up to his shoulders, and his body was firm against hers as he pressed her back against the tree, squishing her beneath him.
"What do you want?" she whispered again, her voice shaking.
As if to calm her down, as if to tell her that he meant her no harm, he gently touched his hand to her face and moved his lips to her ear. "Hush," he whispered, sending electrifying sensations through her being.
Sakura closed her eyes and her body unconsciously relaxed in his arms. Her breathing became labored as he continued to stroke her neck down toward her collarbone and then lower toward her breasts.
Sakura bit her lip, her head spinning, and her legs suddenly turned into jelly. Then she could feel his warm lips against her throat. She could feel the heat of his mouth burning against her skin, sending her head reeling with wonder. Then before she knew it she could feel his tongue on her sensitive skin, stroking her, kissing her, sucking her.
She gasped as the heat within her decided to rise deliciously. He suddenly stopped. Sakura widened her eyes, wondering why he'd stopped. It felt so good.
She gazed up at him. All she could see was the shadow of his strong, handsome face above her.
Slowly, he moved his fingers and stroked her bottom lip, as he was marveling at the soft flesh. She heard him breathing harder, as if he had difficulty controlling himself.
"What are you doing to me?" she asked stupidly.
He didn't respond to her query, and before she could understand what was going on, his firm lips were on hers.
Sakura was taken by surprise. She could feel the heat from him as he passionately kissed her, his fingers digging deep into her hair. She felt weak and light, like a feather floating in the air, flying higher and higher.
She groaned and held on to him for dear life. In response, he deepened the kiss by plunging his tongue into her mouth and wildly invading her.
Sakura's whole body shuddered in ecstasy as his tongue stroked and played with her, exploring her, sending wild passion coursing through her being, exciting her to such powerful levels that she thought she'd die. Yes, she was lost in the wonderful heaven.
Suddenly, he pulled back, as if he suddenly realized he'd made a mistake. Sakura gazed up at his dark form, her heart pounding. She didn't want him to stop. She was hooked.
Then just as quickly, he pulled her into his arms and hugged her tight, as though he never wanted to let her go.
He kissed her again, his tongue wild against hers, as if he were desperate to have her, as if he were afraid of losing her. When he pulled back again, he was breathless and she was shaking from head to toe.
He whispered softly near her ear. "I love you." Then he was gone. Just like that.
Sakura stayed there staring into the darkness, her finger touching her lips, her heart pounding, and her head spinning. When she managed to get back to her room and then into bed, it was very late, or rather early in the morning. She couldn't sleep. She was restless. Her heart was still pounding. Her mind was still on the man who had kissed her.