
"Hey." Sebastian chuckled. "You're a friendly one, aren't you?" Then he glanced up, eyeing Sakura, who looked rather upset about the whole thing. "Unlike your owner."
Sakura noted that his eyes were glinting at her, which caused her heart to beat faster. She quickly looked away and began to gather her stuff that had flown out of her bag.
As she was doing this, they simply stood there and watched her. It wasn't the fact that they were heartless and didn't want to help, but it was because what they saw was preventing their male brains from performing their functions properly.
Sakura was bending over on her knees as she was gathering her camera, notebook, sketchbook, and coloring pencils. They could clearly see the enticing view of her cleavage, which they thoroughly enjoyed. Then, once she was done, Sakura tossed back her tresses, seemingly in slow motion. It was like she was one of those very beautiful models in the hair commercials Tara longed to do.
The men couldn't seem to breathe properly again for a few more seconds after that.
Slowly, Sakura managed to get up and stood straight, her body sore all over.
She just couldn't believe it. None of these men helped her stand. Not when they had been younger, after they played tricks on her, and not even now. The thought brought forward a rush of anger, and she saw red.
She stared at them, one by one, no longer afraid of them as she'd been when she was young.
First, there was Sebastian with the typical Princeton looks that dated back for generations and had caused many hearts to flutter recklessly and perhaps even swoon with longing. He was also way too tall, broad at the shoulders, and handsome for her liking. Not to mention the fact that he was wearing one of those studs in his left ear, the stone the same color as his eyes. It made him look like a rogue and way out of any girl's league.
Then there was Nicolas, so much like his father, James, who looked as though he could take on the world and would still come out on top with his leader-like demeanor.
Next was Tristan with his ridiculously handsome smile, the Prince of Flirt in the family. Sakura wondered how many females he had bedded already and how many hearts he had broken along the way.
The same went for Logan with his very charming smile and devil-may-care manner. Sakura wouldn't be surprised if he had bedded at least a dozen women within the past few months.
Hayden, the handsome Prince of Rebel, with features inherited from their mother's side of the family, had that rogue look about him that any good girl found extremely hard to resist. This was enhanced by the fact that he had one golden earring in his left ear. He looked like a bloody pirate-a very handsome one-and Sakura was sure any girl wouldn't mind being captured by him and imprisoned in his bed.
Then there was the handsome, mysterious Darcy. Again, her heart decided to do an unwelcome somersault, which caused her to grit her teeth in annoyance.
Darce! My Darce! The sound kept echoing within her head. Sakura suppressed the urge to scream out just so the little voice would stop bothering her.
Yes, the Prince of Darkness was staring at her now without recognition, as if he found her interesting. Sakura herself couldn't help staring back at him. God, his hair was long and very black, even blacker than she remembered. And those unique eyes of his that had always fascinated her, those eyes he inherited from his legendary great-great-grandmother, St. Helena Princeton, who'd married the famous Luke Princeton. Darcy had that aloofness and darkness about him that any intelligent girl knew to avoid but couldn't resist and ended up falling crazily in love with him anyway.