
Snow and the Prince of Darkness

Still Sebastian lay there, staring up at the ceiling, his heart thumping loud and fast and his body exhausted from swimming. It wasn't long before he noticed a pair of long, tanned legs walking toward him. He turned and saw Tara coming to a stop only a few inches away from him, gazing down at him.
How the hell did she get in here without him noticing?
Sebastian swore under his breath and turned away, ignoring her. Right now all he wanted was to be alone, and Tara was the last person he wanted to see.
"You're training awfully hard," she said, "considering the fact that you're not entering any competition. But then again, you're too old for that now. So what's this for? To keep fit? Or was there something else bothering you?
"I'm not training," he said, closing his eyes so he didn't have to see Tara's annoying face.
Oh shit! He could see Sakura in his mind's eye. Her glossy black hair, her soft skin, her sensual lips-those lips he had just kissed.
He flashed his eyes open. He found Tara beside him, her face very close to him. He scowled.
"You've changed," she said softly. "All of you've changed since we got here. What happened?"
His scowl darkened. "What?"
"It's because of her, isn't it?"
Sebastian gritted his teeth.
"None of you ever wanted her as part of the family before. So why now?"
"I don't know what you're talking about, Tara," he said coldly.
Tara couldn't care less what was happening now. All she wanted at this moment was Sebastian. She was ready for him. She had been ready for him for ages. Today he was here all by himself, and it was her chance. She moved to sit on top of him, her legs on either side of his waist, saddling him. Oh, God! She could feel his six-pack beneath her, and it was such a turn-on.
Sebastian reacted by pushing her off him. Tara, however, was quick and threw herself at him, wrapping her arms tightly around his muscular neck.
"I want you, Sebastian," she said softly near his lips. "Have always wanted you for so long."
"Tara," he began. "What do you think you're doing? You're my sister."
She giggled. "Adopted sister. Not blood related."
"Tara," he said through gritted teeth. "This is wrong. Very wrong. I don't know how you feel about me, but I definitely don't feel the same way about you."
Tara gritted her teeth and yelled, "You kissed her! So why the fucking hell couldn't you kiss me?"
Sebastian was shocked into stillness.
"You like her, don't you? It's not fair, Sebastian. Not fair. You kissed her!" She tightened her arms around his neck, her long fingernails digging into his skin. She brought her lips down and kissed him hard.
Sebastian didn't respond. He didn't feel anything for her, didn't feel anything when she touched him.
No, he was wrong. He felt something all right. He felt revolted. He felt disgusted. He couldn't believe Tara had stooped this low.
He pulled back, removed her arms from his neck, and shoved her off him. He stood up and stared at her with disgust. He wanted to shout at her to get hold of herself.
Tara sat there staring up at him as she caressed her lips, a weird grin on her face.