
Alexia's Note: I really do apologize about the delay in update. Yet again. As I've post in my status previously, the power fuse to my house blew out just as my sister and I got home on Wednesday. We didn't have power for four to five hours. It's winter, people. Dinner wasn't cooked either. So nonetheless, we were hungry and tried and basically, eating dinner and waiting in the dark under a single lit candle. Hence, I didn't get any writing or editing done, until today. So here's the next installment to Falling for Sakura: A Secret Proposal. Enjoy ^_^
* * * * *
Sakura woke up with a start, her mind reeling with confusion. Where am I? she wondered as she stared long and hard up at the unfamiliar ceiling. She turned her head, searching about her surroundings, and then everything came back to her. There had been the appointment with Dr. Dave Mason yesterday. Sebastian had been there with her. Then he had taken her to the drug store to get her prescribed drugs. After that, they had been at the hotel, intending to have lunch and then... Mrs. Byrd. A lump formed in her throat as she recalled the cold shiver that had passed through her the moment she had seen the woman's face.
Sakura shut her eyes for a moment as she took slow deep breath. She wasn't going to let that woman scare her witless. Not anymore.
She sat up, rubbing her fingers and thumb against her temple. Her headache was getting worse, and waiting patiently for it to ease wasn't going to happen. Plus, she was very hungry. She wondered if Mom Brenda had any breakfast left.
She flipped the duvet off her person and got out of bed. Then she went about searching for a robe. She found one in the empty closet. She unhook it and put the silky material on, the hem resting about mid-thigh. She tied the front into a knot and then headed out the door.
She was in the living area when she heard hums of male voices from another room. She frowned, wondering if Daddy James had guests. She tentatively glanced down at herself. She knew she wasn't presentable enough to be seen, and even more so, she wasn't up to meeting anyone. She about to turn back when Brenda appeared at the doorway.
"Sweet heart," Brenda greeted. "You're up? How are you feeling?"
Sakura moved forward and hugged her adopted mother tightly. She said, "Better. I'm so hungry and my head is about to explode."
Brenda laughed. "Well then, how about lunch and some aspirin?"
"Lunch?" Sakura queried. "Oh God! Did I sleep in that late?"
Brenda nodded. Clearly, her adopted daughter didn't remember what had happened four hours ago right here in the living area. Her reactions to her nightmare had scared all of them. If Darcy hadn't been able to sooth her and calm her down, then Brenda didn't know what they'd do next.
"Come on," she said, leading Sakura by the wrist. "Let's make you some lunch."
Sakura nodded. "Something hot would be nice," she said. "Soup."
"Yes," Brenda agreed. "We have some pumpkin soup left over from last night."
"Sounds good."
The moment Sakura stepped into the dining area, the room suddenly became silent and seven Princeton brothers turned their attentions to her. She came to a complete stop and blinked.
"Sakura," Sebastian said, rushing over to her in a flash. "How are you feeling?"
"Sakura," Darcy said. "You're up." He came over to her, standing just behind Sebastian.
Toby, who was on Logan's lap, barked her a greeting.
Sakura opened her mouth to utter something, but then closed it again. She turned to Brenda for answers as to why the brothers was here in the first place.