
Past Love

Sakura wasn't used to running errand. Today she found out that she wasn't any good at doing it, and vowed to never do it again in the future, especially where it involved helping backstage before a fashion show.
Her heels really hurt. She wondered if she should take her shoes off and walked barefoot on the soft carpet instead.
Clutching the folder against her chest, she took her cell phone out and gave Jane a call.
"Hello?"
"Jane, it's me, Sakura," she said, tucking her hair behind her ear.
"Where are you? Are you lost or something? Did you get that list from the wardrobe assistant?"
"I did. Where are you? I'm bringing it over."
"I'm in the great hall on the first floor where the show is going to take place. Come quick. I have to get that list to Chris before he kills me."
Sakura laughed. She couldn't help herself. Jane had many times told her how organized she was and now looked at what happened. She was missing files left and right and had to beg her for help. "It's your fault, Jane. Now who said she's very organized."
"Don't tease me. Not at this time. Please hurry."
"All right. On my way," she said and then hung up. "On my way," she murmured to herself, pacing toward the lift.
A few minutes later, she was once again on the first floor, heading toward the great hall where the fashion show was going to take place. The moment she opened the massive door and stepped into the threshold, there was a loud clung noise and then darkness and at the same time the door shut behind her.
"Okay?" she whispered under her breath. "What just happened?" She blinked several times and then opened her eyes wide to get used to the darkness.
"Oi! What the hell is going on there?" A man shouted.
"Yeah, where's the light?" Another yelled.
"Sorry!" A voice echoed through the speaker phone. "We're just testing the lights. Please be patient. It'll only take a moment."
"Right," Sakura muttered. "Just when I'm in such a hurry."
The staffs continued their mumbling and grumbling, and Sakura wanted to laugh at the whole silly situation. Suddenly, the door was thrust opened from the other side, hitting her backside, kicking her off balance. She stumbled forward, head first and smashed into a hard, masculine body.
"Huh!" she puffed out, falling into a pair of strong arms, her face hitting the man's hard, muscular chest. Then she felt him falling off balance as if he had tripped on something and she went along with him.
"Shit!" she heard him muttered under his breath.
Sakura felt awful and hastily uttered, "I'm so sorry." Then she thought to add, "I couldn't see."
Feeling rather weird in his arms, she began to move away but found him clinging onto her as if he could bear to let her go.
"My files!" she uttered in panic, and hastily moved away from him and out of his clutch. She was just picking up the folders when bright lights suddenly flooded all around them. She sighed in relief, took note that all three files were in her hands, and then rush away toward the exit where the backstage was.
She found Jane ordering people around and at the same time speaking into her head phone. She looked very busy. Jane finally spotted her and waved for her to come.