
The Best Man Wins

When Sakura opened her eyes, it was so bright she had to shut them again. This time, she slowly fluttered her eyelids open to get used to the sharp brightness. As she stared up at the ceiling, she wondered why she was sleeping in so late and why she was feeling so tired.
Slowly she brought her fingers to touch her lips, gently caressing them. Why she was touching her lips she wasn't sure. She was sure, however, that she'd had a dream. What was it? Why couldn't she remember?
She continued to stroke her lips as her brain searched far and wide for that elusive dream she was sure she had last night. Then in a flash, what happened yesterday rushed back to her. Suddenly she felt that heavy burden within her chest.
She couldn't believe it. She just couldn't believe she couldn't defend herself. She was now a twenty-three-year-old woman, and Tara and Alaina had still managed to bully her. This was unacceptable. Why did she let them bully her? It just wasn't right.
She gritted her teeth. No! From this moment forward, she would no longer allow those two vile women to hurt her. Nope! Not anymore.
At that thought, she fisted her hands and jumped off the bed, suddenly no longer tired. Yes, she knew exactly what to do. She would never drown again-ever!
Without taking a good look at herself, she rushed out the door and headed straight downstairs. With a determined look on her face, she burst through the dining room door.
The brothers, who were at that moment sitting around the table having their very late lunch since they'd just returned from their very unpleasant hairdressing experience, looked up. What they saw nearly sent them to heaven.
Sakura was in her pajamas of cotton sleep shirt and shorts. The buttons of the shirt were mostly undone from the top to midway down her chest, thus showing off her lovely flesh beneath. Since her shirt was quite long, the hem reaching down to just above her thighs, it looked as though she wasn't wearing any shorts, thus showing off her lovely bare, long, slender legs. Not to mention her hair was a mess, her skin petal white, her lips red, her cheeks tinged a rosy color, and her eyes were wild and large as she gazed at them.
She was hot. She was sexy. And every one of the brothers wanted to ravish her.
Nicolas choked on his coffee, and his glasses nearly fell off his fine nose as he stared at the young woman at the door. Tristan blinked and blinked and blinked yet again. Logan forgot he was pouring himself a cup of coffee and kept on pouring until the coffee was pouring onto the white linen tablecloth. Sebastian had a piece of sandwich in his mouth and it stayed there. Hayden had a piece of sausage on his fork, ready for his mouth, but now the sausage had escaped back onto the plate and the fork was in his mouth by itself. Darcy could only stare at her in shocked surprise. And Conrad grinned, his eyes large, his face flushed red at seeing her in such a seductive state.
Sebastian was the first to gain his wits, and after he'd finished chewing his sandwich and awkwardly swallowed, he cleared his throat and told his brothers to quit staring.
Nicolas cleared his throat also and pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose, returning his attention to his tablet. "You're messing up the tablecloth, Logan!" he said.
Logan blinked, turned his attention to his coffee, and when he realized what he'd done, he swore under his breath. Tristan laughed at his brother.
Sakura closed the door behind her and announced to the room, "I've decided to learn how to swim."
Sebastian snapped up his head and stared at her in amazement. Darcy widened his eyes, and Conrad smiled even wider. Tristan got up and came around to her. He had a grin on his face that made his brothers suspicious. Without warning, he grabbed Sakura, pulled her into his arms, and hugged her real tight.