
Sakura responded by clinging to him, weak and lightheaded, her body trembling with a beautiful sensation.
When Darcy moved back, his eyes were dark with passion. God! He wanted her. He needed her. He loved her. But he must stop. He didn't want to hurt her.
Oh, God! He couldn't help himself. He had loved her for too long. He'd hidden his passion and desire for her, and now the feeling was too overwhelming for him to control. Hence instead of stopping Darcy moved himself close to her so she was between him and the tree. His face was so close to hers that they were forehead to forehead, nose to nose, and lips to lips. He kissed her again, pouring out all of his passion for her, showing her just how much he loved her.
Sakura was breathless. Darce. Her Darce was kissing her. Her heart was trembling with love, yet she was so confused. How could she love Darce when he was supposed to be her brother? Albeit not blood relation. Albeit an adopted one. Could this be wrong? This kissing? This passionate embrace?
Darcy moved his lips and gave her little kisses along the nape of her neck. Sakura groaned softly and sighed breathlessly. Was this it? The beginning of lovemaking? Darce. My Darce. He'd come back to her. He'd said he had never hated her. Never!
She was glad and felt so wonderful.
Darcy knew he made her feel good, and he was pleased. Yes, he'd make her feel even more wonderful than this-when the time was right.
Finally, he got control of himself again. God, he thought. He had never lost control of himself before. Ever! But with her, with Sakura, he could very well lose everything, and he couldn't have cared less. He wanted her that much. He loved her that much.
He moved his lips to her ear and whispered softly, "I'm not sorry I kissed you, Sakura."
The warmth of his breath against her skin caused a rush of beautiful sensation through her, and her body went weak in response.
He continued. "Just so you know, that wasn't a brotherly kiss either because I never, ever think of you as my sister." He slowly moved back, his mauve-gray eyes-dark and full of passion-on her. Then he stood up. "Come," he said, pulling her into his arms. "We should start heading back."
Sakura found herself clinging to him because she wasn't sure if she'd be able to stand up properly after the kiss. She took a deep breath and said, her voice trembling, "It's okay. You go on ahead. I have to do some more photo shoots."
Darcy smiled at her. It was a very handsome smile that caused Sakura's heart to flutter.
"Then I'm staying with you," he said, grabbing for her satchel.
On the other side of the woods, Sebastian felt the dreadful pain suffocating him. He felt as though the world had just collapsed around him, leaving him alone and tormented. He fisted his hands as his heart continued to bang against his chest, ready to burst out of his being, killing him on the spot. His head spinning and his world dark, he turned on his heel and started heading back.
Sakura was trying her best to persuade Darcy to leave, but he wouldn't budge. Hence they spent another hour together in the woods, her taking photos and him following her around. Then Darcy decided he'd be the photographer instead and took the camera from her.
"Darce?" Sakura was shocked.
He chuckled, holding the camera up to his eyes. "You're my model. Now pose."
Sakura scowled at him. "I'm not pretty enough to be a model."