
Logan took out his cell phone as he was racing. "Nicolas! She escaped!"
Tristan, Conrad, and Hayden weren't far behind him as they raced down the stairs, chasing after the woman who had run away from them last spring.
In the main lobby and standing with his parents, James and Brenda Princeton, Nicolas swore under his breath. "She got away," he told them.
James frowned and Brenda nearly broke down.
"We'll find her," Nicolas reassured them. Then he rushed away toward backstage. As he was running, he took out his headpiece and yelled into the phone, "Listen, it's your CEO Nicolas Princeton here. There's a woman on the loose. Don't let her escape. I repeat! Don't let her escape. And don't hurt her!"
He came to a stop at the backstage, looked around frantically, noted that the exit door was wide open, and raced toward it. He was about to reach it when he slammed into a woman and fell on top of her.
"Baka!"
"Shit!" Nicolas swore and rolled himself up. He found himself sitting on top of the most exotic beauty he had ever seen. He swallowed and nudged his glasses up the bridge of his fine nose, his heart beating out of control—and Nicolas' heart never beat out of control.
Akira glared at him. "Baka! You Baka! How could you slam yourself into me like that? Now you're ruined the gown!"
Nicolas didn't have time for this. He had to help his brother catch Sakura. She was more important, and so he simply said, "Sorry," to Akira, got up, and ran across to the exit door.
Akira got up and humped loudly. "Baka man!" she muttered under her breath.
Nicolas dialed Sebastian number and yelled, "Where is she?"
Sakura had no idea where she was in this enormous hotel. She was lost. She puffed as she stood in the middle of some sort of corridor, searching about her, wondering where she was.
"I don't know where she is!" she heard Sebastian shouting from a good distant away.
Sakura swore under her breath and dashed down the corridor. "Wait! She's here on the second floor. West wing!" Sebastian shouted into the phone.
Sakura took the chance and glanced behind her. She nearly shrieked out and died when she saw both Sebastian and Darcy sprinting toward her. Oh God! They were fast.
She raced and raced and raced and the brothers were only a few steps behind her.
"Sakura! Stop!" Sebastian shouted.
"Sakura!" Darcy yelled. "Please don't run away!"
Sakura wanted to cry. I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! But I don't want you guys in my life just yet. Not yet.
The brothers' hands were reaching out to her, their fingers inches away from grabbing the material of her long gown that was flying behind her as she ran. Then just like that, she dashed around the corner, out the door, and down the stairs. The brother lost their chance and she was gone.
Sakura sprinted down the stairs as fast as she could and then out the door into the spring sunshine. She sighed and then raced into the thick crowd, hiding her slender form from the brothers' eyes.
The brothers rushed out and were lost. She was gone from their sight. Sebastian took out his cell phone and called Nicolas. "She's gone," he said, pain echoing in his voice.
Darcy gritted his teeth. He had lost her yet again, and felt his heart aching painfully.