
On screen, there were images of show hall, with people everywhere. There were backstage staff going about doing their things and in the corridors there were guests walking about.
"We have to go backstage," Sebastian said.
Nicolas nodded and fast-forwarded until they came to the back stage scene. Thank goodness, they thought, for the camera men they had hired for the occasion, and for Hayden to have suggested the idea that there might be flicks of Sakura there somewhere early this morning.
It was at the backstage scene that they found Jane directing orders to many of staffs under her.
"Isn't that Luke's sister?" Conrad asked Sebastian.
"Hm." Sebastian nodded. "She works for Mr. Tachibana."
They watched on in silent, their eyes glued to the screen. It was a few moments later when a blond girl walked into the organised chose of backstage. As the view of the screen scanned around, it stopped with her standing beside Jane.
"Pause!" Darcy shouted. "It's Sakura."
They went pass that scene and Nicolas had to rewind. They went through the scene again and just as Sakura walked in, Nicolas quickly clicked on the paus button.
There she stood with Jane, with a folder in her arms, smile, her eyes bright and her face flushed. She was beautiful in her blouse and long shirt. The brothers watched, as if they couldn't believe it.
So it was real after all, Sebastian thought. Last night hadn't been a mere figment of his imagination. She had been there, and they had met. He drew out a shaky breath as he hands shook just a little. He felt relief and elated, and his heart raced at the prospect that soon, they'd find her-really find her.
Darcy's hands were shaking and he couldn't stop the tremor within his being from appearing either. She was real on the screen. She had been there at the hotel last night. She had been that close to him in elevator that now it guttered him that he hadn't realized it had been her at the time. How he wished he had grabbed her into his arms and shut the elevator door before she could escape. But alas, that was not to be, for she had escaped.
The brothers silently watched her for a few moments, taking in her look and how much she had changed in the past year. She was slimmer now, her face more elegant and refined. One could say she was had grown into an even more beautiful woman.
"Shall we move on?" Nicolas asked his brothers.
The brothers nodded, and Nicolas pushed on the play button. The scene shifted to guests entering the hall, and then to along the corridors and the entrance of the hotels. There were lots of scenes with random people doing random things until the screen came back to the backstage. In the distance that wasn't the focus of the camera, the brothers could just make out Sakura being pulled by a makeup artist, which she resisted, and was placed in one of the chair. The scene cut to random models showing off her gowns and some still sitting in the chair that a couple of makeup artist were working. Then it flicked to Akira waving and smiling at the camera. She did the Korean version of a love heart with her hands and then laughed merrily. This was then cut to Mr. Tachibana doing his final touches to one of the model. He was showing off his gown on the girl and showed the camera of the intricate design of his work. Then it was cut to a very close up of a candy floss pink hair with a pair of hands working on the cherry blossom flower attaching to the hair. The camera zoomed out and came to focus on Sakura's face instead.