
"Get away from her, Darcy!" she said. "She's the devil's daughter, don't you remember? Or have you gone away for so long that you've forgotten?"
Alaina said, "Yeah, Darcy. She's the devil's daughter."
"She's not." Darcy protested, frowning at the girls. He got up and glared at them. "Now leave us alone."
"No! We won't leave you alone," Tara said. "Can't you see? She's here to take your mommy and daddy away. Didn't you see how your daddy loves her? And your mommy too?"
"Don't be stupid," Darcy said, picking up the book.
Alaina snatched the book from him, then started ripping out the pages in anger.
"Alaina! Stop it. What are you doing?" he asked.
"I hate this book," Alaina shouted, furiously ripping the book even faster, venting all of her anger and frustration. Once she was finished, she threw the torn book at Sakura, smacking her in the face.
Sakura was sore. She bit her lip and held back tears that began to well up in her eyes.
Darcy gritted his teeth. "Why did you do that?"
"Because I hate the book and I hate her." Alaina pointed a finger at Sakura. "Please, Darcy, hate her. She's here to steal Mom and Dad away from us. You have no idea what vile things she did when you were gone. Mom and Dad practically hate me now. She lied to Mom and Dad that I did things I didn't do, Darcy. Please believe me. If you don't believe me, ask Tara."
"Please, Darcy," Tara said, touching his arm. "She is evil. Just come with us. Don't go near her." She turned to Sakura and sneered. "God will never forgive you for what you've done, bitch."
"Come on, Darcy," Alaina said, pulling Darcy by the hand and leading him out the door. "You'll see one day. She's evil."
Darcy looked over his shoulder at Sakura, who was now hiding her face by hugging herself into a small ball, her body shivering like a leaf in an angry storm.
As he walked farther away, the world around him faded and turned pitch black. A split second later, when he saw light again, he saw Sakura in a tree house.
"Go on," Alaina said. "What ya waiting for? Get out of here. You don't belong here. Daddy made this tree house just for us. Not you. Now get out!"
Sakura blinked back tears. "But Daddy James said I can play, too."
"Daddy James?" Alaina shouted at her, smacking her fist against Sakura's face, sending her against the wooden wall. "How dare you call our daddy Daddy James? He's not your dad. He's ours!" she screamed.
"Why don't you just piss off and die?" Tara said to her. "Go jump off the tree house. Just kill yourself already. The world would be better off without you."
Sakura blinked back tears and gently rubbed her sore cheek.
"Oh, God! You're pathetic," Alaina said.
"Why don't we help her kill herself?" Tara suggested.
"Yeah, why not?" Alaina said. "Come on, witch. Go and hang yourself or something." She grabbed Sakura by the collar of her shirt and pulled her forward.
"No, please don't!" Sakura screamed. "Please don't!"
They wouldn't listen to her, however, and laughed as they dragged her to the door of the tree house. They tried to shove her out so she could fall backward down the tree, but Sakura was holding on with all her might, pulling back, fighting to stay inside the tree house to stay alive.