
"It's my first time modelling," he said. "Hum, I might consider it as a future career."
Logan laughed at his brother mockingly. "You're a bit too late for that industry, Tristan. If you didn't make at least five million a year with our business, he wouldn't have considered you at all."
Tristan turned to look at his brother. "Nah, I think Mr. Tachibana would still consider me. Otherwise he wouldn't have begged us so many times."
They finally reached the living area, and Sakura came to a sudden stop. The scene was indeed heartwarming, and tugged deep within her heart. Everyone she knew and cared for her was there, mingling, chat, and laughing merrily. Sosuke was the sole center of everyone's attention, since it was his birthday. He was turning thirty in a mere few minutes.
The four people walked in and joined the group. James caught Sakura's attention and signaled her to join him and Brenda. Not a moment later, Sakura found herself sitting beside her adopted parents. They complimented on her yukata, which she simply brushed their praises aside, telling them that it belonged to Akira and it was the woman who had aided her with the dressing up. And apparently Darcy, but she didn't mention that.
A few moments later, Akira and Jane called to Sakura. Sakura rushed over to them and the girls went about setting up the tables for dinner whilst everyone else continued to tease Sosuke about how old he was getting and that he should find himself a girlfriend and settle down soon. When some ten minutes later the rest joined them, they were ready. The place was set as a traditional Japanese dining area with Tatami mat, low tables which were connected together to fit everyone in, and cushions. On the tables, dining set were arranged elegantly with designer plats in the middle, chopsticks to the right, a bowl of miso soup per person to the left, and various assort of dishes in the middle. There were gyoza, salads with ginger dressing, sushi of various assort which were cutely decorated and shaped into panda and bears as well as the basic traditional type, karaage, tonkatsu, yakizakana, yakitori, onigiri, sashimi of various sorts, and of course, tempura and pickled vegetables.
Conrad, with Toby in his arms, quickly claimed the seat beside Sakura to her left. She laughed as he started playing with her long hair, which was down as it had only recently been washed. Sebastian took the seat beside her to her right.
Sakura turned her attention to her surroundings, watching everyone else taking their seats. Sosuke was sitting right opposite her with Akira beside him to his left and Haruka to his right. Nicolas sat beside Akira-to Akira's surprise and annoyance. Tristan and Logan was to her left beside Conrad and James and Brenda to her right beside Sebastian. Darcy was all the way on the other side near Hayden and Jane. Of course Sakura wasn't surprise. She knew he planned to stay as far away from her as was possible.
"Are you tired from the preparation?" Sebastian asked her the moment he sat down.
"A little," she said, smiling at him.
"The food looks delicious." He beamed at her. "I expect a meal like this now and again if you moved in with us." He teased, his eyes twinkling.
The man was a charming beast, Sakura thought. He wouldn't let the idea of her moving in with them drop.
Conrad missed the word if in Sebastian's sentence and assumed that Sakura had decided she'd move in with them. He cheered brightly. "Sakura, are you really moving in with us?"
"Well, I'm not sure yet," she said uncertainly.
"I'll help you with the move," he said, nodding his head enthusiastically.