
Darcy took a chair beside Conrad and poured himself a cup of black coffee.
"I'm starving," Tristan said a moment later. He slid into a seat and then proceeded to help himself to the perfectly cooked toasts sitting in the middle of the table.
"Morning," Logan murmured as he came in, his hair all sticking out everywhere like he had just had an electric shot coursing through his body. He took the chair next to Tristan and then poured himself a cup of coffee.
"Ugh!" he made a sound after swallowing a mouth full. "This is disgusting. I wish Sakura was here!"
The moment he had said that, he wanted to kill himself, for his brothers had stopped what they had been doing and was now looking at him.
"Shit!" He swore under his breath. He shouldn't have said her name. He knew it hurt them-all of them-and more so for Sebastian, Darcy, and Conrad who loved Sakura dearly.
Conrad groaned depressingly and turned his attention to his black coffee, wishing that there was the art of a swan, or better yet, an attempted ugly dragon that looked more like a Teddy bear gown seriously wrong on it. He'd preferred that than this mug of mud like coffee Beth had made for them with love.
"It's been a year," he said softly. "I can't believe we still hadn't found her."
"She might have changed her name," Nicolas put in logically, his finger furiously typing away on the tablet.
"She probably doesn't want us to find her," Hayden said. "Considering what happened last spring."
"I wouldn't blame her," Logan said. "She knew it was Alaina and Tara's who were behind the whole thing, making Kate going all mental and attacking her."
The brothers had known all along that it had been Tara and Alaina who had been behind the whole attacking thing last spring, which had led to that seriously incident at St. Helena beach where Kate had attacked Sakura. And Sakura herself could have died then if the brothers hadn't happened to be there surfing and seen her falling off the cliff into the raging sea below.
"On a brighter note, there's the fashion show today," Tristan said cheerfully. "There will be models."
"To flirt with," Hayden put in sourly.
"Just as long as you don't bring them into this house, I'm fine with it," Nicolas said, staring at Tristan meaningfully.
Though Nicolas had said that, he knew for a fact that neither Tristan nor Logan had been sleeping around like before. In fact, they had been rather cautious in the women they picked to bed with now a day. Perhaps they were beginning to settle down on their Casanova's ways after all.
"This is a no female zone," Conrad said. "The only females who can enter are Mom, Grandmother, and Sakura, if we ever find her."
"Cheer up, young pup," Tristan said, smiling. "We'll find her." He turned to Nicolas then. "Are you sure that bloody private detective you hired is actually working working to find Sakura and not just taking your cheque and run off for a good holiday?"
Nicolas put his tablet down and pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose. "I'm sure. Detective Craig Osborn is very good at what he does, or so I heard."
"Or so you heard," Logan said. "God, this is beginning to annoy me. Where the hell is she?"
"Be patience," Nicolas said. "Finding missing people isn't easy."