
A Secret Kiss
Falling For Sakura Trilogy: Book One
Alexia Praks

Copyright © 2015 by Alexia Praks
All Rights Reserved

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. This book was self-published by the author Alexia Praks under Prachan Press. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without agreement and written permission of the author. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author's rights. Purchase only authorized editions.

The author can be reached at: www.alexiapraks.com
* * * * *

CHARACTERS

Sakura Princeton (Maiden of Innocent): Twenty-three-year-old Japanese-American young woman with raven-black hair and chocolate-brown eyes. She was found abandoned on the doorstep of the orphanage when she was a baby and was later adopted by the Princeton family.
PRINCETON SIBLINGS
(In order of birth)
Nicolas Princeton (Prince of Guardian): Twenty-eight-year-old oldest brother with golden-blond hair and silvery-gray eyes.
Tristan Princeton (Prince of Flirt): The oldest of the nonidentical twenty-six-year-old triplets with golden-brown hair and teal-blue eyes.
Logan Princeton (Prince of Luck): The second born of the nonidentical triplets with copper-brown hair and silvery-gray eyes.
Sebastian Princeton (Prince of Heart): The youngest of the nonidentical triplets with pale blond hair and azure-blue eyes.
Hayden Princeton (Prince of Rebel): The fifth Princeton brother at twenty-four years with chestnut-brown hair and cobalt-blue eyes.
Alaina Princeton (Princess of Envy): The only daughter of the Princeton family and the older nonidentical twin, twenty-two years old with honey-blond hair and baby blue eyes.
Darcy Princeton(Prince of Darkness): The sixth Princeton brother and the younger nonidentical twin with raven-black hair and mauve-gray eyes.
Conrad Princeton (Prince of Innocent): The youngest of the Princeton brothers at twenty years with honey-brown hair and silvery-gray eyes.
OTHERS
Tara Byrd (Queen of Poison): Twenty-three-year-old woman with brown hair and blue eyes.