
He nodded. "So what does it mean?" he asked, snapping the flowers from the long, thick branches. "Sakura." He moved closer to her.
Sakura sucked in her breath and became tense. She could feel the heat of his body radiating to her. Suddenly she felt all warm and tingly and lightheaded.
He chuckled, and Sakura tilted her head back to look at him, noting his hair was glowing like white gold and his face shadowy dark under the moonlight.
"Don't worry," he said. "I won't bite." He reached out and stroked her hair back-gently. Then he inserted the flower on the side of her left ear. "There. It looks perfect on you."
Sakura blushed and cast her eyes downward. "Err, thanks, I think," she said, frowning, her stomach fluttering intensely.
"So what does it mean?"
"What?" She looked up at him again, confused.
"Your name," he said. "Sakura. You said it means cherry blossom."
"Oh." She wanted to take a step back to get some space between them, but it seemed her legs were too weak to move. "Yes, it means cherry blossom in Japanese."
"And?"
She wondered why he thought her explanation wasn't enough. She noted that he was waiting for her to elaborate on her answer. She cleared her throat, fully aware of his closeness and the fact that her heart was pounding hard within her chest.
Well, he wanted the long answer after all, and so he'd get one whether he liked it or not. Not that he could blame her after that, of course.
"In Japanese," she began, "sakura symbolizes the transience of life-the extreme beauty and quick death, which in turn represents our own immortality. Our life could be taken away just like that, like in the olden days when sakura also represents the life of a samurai, ready to be sacrificed for his master in a blink of an eye. It's the Buddhist teaching of mono no aware."
"What does that mean?"
She cocked her head to one side, wondering why he was asking her so many questions. Why he wanted to know. Why he was so interested.
"Mono no aware in Buddhist teachings means that one should be aware of the transience of things. Once you realize that, you appreciate it more, and it evokes within you a gentle sadness once they're gone."
"That's very poetic," Sebastian said softly, his warm breath fanning the top of her head.
"Not very poetic at all. It's the truth," she said.
"So I should learn to appreciate and love the things I cherish most before it's too late?" he queried.
She nodded her head. "Yes. You should."
"What other meanings does it have?"
She widened her eyes at him.
He chuckled. "Surely if the Japanese really love these sakura..." He said the word so softly and so gently that it caused Sakura's stomach to flutter deliciously. "Then there has to be more than one meaning."
Sakura cleared her throat and tried to concentrate. "It also means hope, a new beginning."
Silence-long, dead silence as they both stood there, motionless, as the breeze and cherry blossoms danced around them. Suddenly, Sebastian moved fast. Sakura felt his hands cupping her face-gently. She held her breath as she gazed up at him, her heart pounding away like some noisy steam train.
Sebastian moved his face closer to hers. They were almost nose to nose and lips to lips when he said, "Then let this be a new beginning for us, Sakura."