
"Good morning, Sakura," he said into her ear, his warm breath fanning her skin.
"What the hell are you doing, Tristan?" Conrad asked.
"Err, good morning, Tristan," Sakura replied uncomfortably, realizing he'd had a haircut. She blinked and turned to look at the brothers and noticed they all had their hair cut. Sebastian's blond hair was now cropped to just past his neck and cleanly styled, which made him look even more handsome than ever. Darcy's very long hair was completely gone and now the length only reached just past his neck. He looked very stylish, like some very hot male model in a fashion magazine. His eyes met hers, and she caught her breath at the back of her throat. Oh, God! He looked so different from before and so gorgeous. As for the rest of the brothers, they had their hair professionally trimmed and styled. They definitely looked amazing.
"Morning hugs," Tristan said. Then he cheekily added, "And now for the morning kisses."
Within a second flat, Hayden was out of his chair and shoving Tristan back. He pulled Sakura into his arms and hugged her tightly. "I'm giving her morning hugs, too."
"Why, you brat!" Tristan snapped.
Hayden laughed. "Go lie down, you old dog." Then he turned his attention to Sakura and said softly into her hair, "Good morning, Sakura. Did you have a good sleep last night?"
Sebastian and Darcy eyed each other with concern.
"Err, good morning, Hayden. Yes, I did," she said, giving him a cute smile.
Sebastian and Darcy eyed each other again. They wondered if she'd forgotten about her nightmare from last night and them in her room.
"Oi, Hayden!" Logan called out. "Let her go. You're suffocating her."
Hayden scowled at his brother and finally did let her go, reluctantly though. Tristan put his hands on her shoulders and his face beside her nape as he said, "Come along now. It's lunchtime." He gently nudged her toward the table.
Sakura felt rather weird that he was so close to her. She grinned politely and said, "But I'm only here to ask Sebastian a favor."
Sebastian choked on his coffee and coughed loudly. Darcy frowned darkly. Tristan decided to look jealous, and Logan chuckled.
"Be careful," Nicolas said. "It's hot. Very hot."
The brothers understood what Nicolas meant, but none of them were paying him any attention. After all, they liked it hot and dangerous. The hotter and more dangerous, the better.
Sebastian, after wiping himself clean from coffee, turned his attention to her and asked, "What is it?"
"Can you teach me how to swim?" she asked, her eyes pleading. "I'll pay you."
Tristan made her sit beside him. "Why him, Sakura? I can teach you how to swim." He leaned closer and said softly, "I can teach you how to put on a swimsuit and take it off again."
Darcy growled at Tristan, completed with a good scowl. "Any one of us can teach her how to swim," he said coolly. "It's not that hard."
"I can teach you how to swim, Sakura," Conrad said. "I'm totally a good teacher, and I won't charge you."
"Lay off it, puppy boy," Tristan said. "Sakura wants me to teach her. Isn't that right, sweetheart?"