
Nicolas Princeton, Prince of Guardian

Sakura stayed in her room for most of the next day, working on her old photos while everyone was busy preparing for Mary's wedding. That night Mr. Mayor, his wife, and Lauren came to join them for dinner, and Sakura excused herself that her ankle still pained her and had her meal in her room. She was sure they were having a good time and wouldn't miss her.
It was later that she remembered about the photos she'd taken yesterday afternoon in the woods. She reached for her camera and clicked it open to get the memory stick.
"Huh?" She brought the camera up to her eyes and looked closely. "Fudge?" she swore under her breath, realizing the memory stick had disappeared. "That's twice this month," she muttered. And she still hadn't found the one Toby had taken from her yet. When and where could she have dropped this latest one? She sighed and decided she'd search for it tomorrow. She was sure it was probably still somewhere on the pathway leading to the house from the woods.
Once she'd finished with the old photos and put them up for sale on her website, she left Toby sleeping in his basket and went to shower. Fifteen minutes later, in her pajamas, she headed out to the library to find a good book to read. She was pretty sure no one would be about this late at night.
She took her time finding the right book, browsing along the shelves. She supposed she was pretty lucky Princeton Mansion had such a good selection of books. It was almost like the public library in town.
She found a book about the history of St. Joseph Island and thought that was good enough. She limped to the sofa near the hearth and sat down. She reached for the remote and turned on the fake fireplace. She thought she needed that extra bit to make herself feel cozy. Then she turned to the book and opened the pages.
Half an hour later, she was feeling drowsy and decided to lie back. Two seconds later, she was fast asleep. When she woke up again, she felt someone was watching her. She blinked and then smiled. "Daddy James?"
The person came closer. "No. Unfortunately, I'm not."
"Nicolas?" She sat up and touched her head, feeling drowsy. "What time is it?"
"Three in the morning," he replied. "I couldn't sleep."
"Oh, it looks like I'm the opposite, sleeping anywhere."
He grinned. "Want some help getting back?"
Sakura shook her head. "You can read this if you want. It's really good." She exaggerated the really good part.
"Really?" He raised his brows.
Sakura couldn't help but smile up at him because he looked so much like James. "Yeah," she said. "Really, really good. Not exaggerating."
He laughed. "No. You're lying. Otherwise you wouldn't have fallen asleep that easily."
She stood up and threw the book onto the sofa. "Oh, yes. It's really good." She grinned, staring up at his great height. "At putting me to sleep. I'll place it number three on the list of books that put me to sleep."
He cocked his head to one side. "What's number one and two?"
"Shakespeare is number one. I couldn't understand a damn thing in high school. Every time we read Hamlet for homework, I kept falling asleep. But come to think of it, I had the best sleep ever that week. No offense if you like Shakespeare. Thank God Mary and Katherine were there to help."
"Whoa, I had no idea."
"Of course you didn't," she said. "You know it's odd, but I can still remember Hamlet's speech."