
She was about to bolt when Akira caught her by the arm and said, "We're on."
Sakura froze. She literally froze. Now? On stage now?
At that moment, a couple of girls up ahead of them glanced at Sakura.
"So that's the famous Sakura from Japan? She's short," one said.
"And she gets to wear the best gown," another said. "Just because she's Japanese."
"And the best necklace," yet another said.
"She doesn't look Japanese to me," another said.
Sakura, however, wasn't listening to them. She was too busy being freaked out by the thought of going out there on the runway. The girls giggled and then pretended to fall on each other and bumped into Sakura. Sakura fell to her knee, causing the delicate mask to fall from her face, landed on the concrete floor, and break into pieces. "Holy God!" she swore under her breath, staring at the broken mask.
"Hey, what was that for?" Akira shouted at the girls. "You definitely did that on purpose."
The girls laughed. "You got a problem with that, Kimono girl?"
Akira gritted her teeth, and was about to head over to give them a piece of her mind, when Mr. Tachibana appeared before them. "What happened?" he asked, his face red.
Sakura looked up then and Mr. Tachibana could only stare at her in disbelief.
"Sorry, the mask, it's broken." Sakura said apologetically.
"It wasn't her fault," Akira interrupted.
"It was an accident," Sakura murmured. "I supposed I couldn't go on after all."
Mr. Tachibana didn't answer. He simply stared at Sakura longer, his eyes wide in wonder. He was in fact breathless as he gazed at Sakura. Without the mask on, she was simply too beautiful for words, especially with the gold glitter lining the recently broken mask that was still stuck onto her flawless face, and yes-those eyes, those beautiful two different colors eyes. They were simply amazing. One was the color of summer-bright azure-blue like the wide open spring sky-while the other was the color of the cold winter-a mauve-grey color that he had never seen before and it fascinated him so much that it took his breath away in wonder. Mr. Tachibana couldn't be more pleased.
"Tachibana-sama, we're on," Ms. Tanaka shouted from the other side.
Mr. Tachibana nodded. He came to Sakura then and said, "Do your best. I'm depending on you."
Sakura blinked. Come again? She wanted to ask him.
"You're my best work. Don't you dare let me down."
Sakura blinked. Was he crazy? She had never done a catwalk before, let alone on a runway this big and in front of the richest and most famous people of all people.
Suddenly, Mr. Tachibana was gone and the music blared up all around them. The line started to move up, and Sakura was shaking from head to toe. Oh God, she felt sick-very sick. Then she realized something. Her mask! She needed her mask. How could she go out there without a mask on like everyone else? What if the Princeton brothers were out there? What if they recognized her? Even in this pink hair, glittered face, and fancy gown?
Breathe, Sakura, breathe! She closed her eyes, wondering what she should do.
"I'm next," Akira said lightly. "And then it's you. Don't forget; don't think what you're doing. Just listen to the music and walk."