
Sakura turned her attention to her new friend, Luke Hamilton, who happened to come into her gallery but six months ago, looking to buy some paintings and photographs for his boss, who he had never named. The boss liked to keep his identity anonymous—that was what Luke had told her when she had happened to ask him one day. Sakura didn't mind that, just as long as this boss of Luke's liked her paintings and photographs and buys them regularly, that was all she asked for, to keep her business afloat.
Then she turned her attention to Jane Hamilton. Her new friend was in her late twenties, though she never knew the exact age because Jane was very sensitive about the number. Sakura, however, secretly knew that Jane was still a virgin, as was she. To be honest, Sakura was rather surprised that Jane was still single since she was, after all, quite pretty with pale blond hair and bright green eyes. In fact, her eyes were so bright a green just like the emerald gem stone that if anyone were to look closer, they'd be surprised at how beautiful and lively they could be. If only Jane were to discard her thick, very unfashionable glasses and wear contact lenses instead, Sakura knew for certain men would fall at her feet.
Sakura watched as Janesip her coffee, this time very slowly, savoring the beautiful flavor within her mouth.
"Now then, are you so very sure that I'm allowed to come tomorrow?" Sakura asked suddenly. "I mean I'm not bothering you or anything?"
"Of course," Jane put in immediately. "I'm an assistant of an assistant of Mr. Tachibana. I help organize everything. I'm the third boss behind the scene." Then she muttered to herself, "If only they recognize my talent."
Sakura didn't hear that last bit as she was too busy thinking about something else. She felt her heart did a somersault at the thought that tomorrow she'd be able to really see her mother, Haruka Tanaka, for real. She licked her lip and said, "I promise I won't get into any mess. I mean I won't interfere with anything because I know how hectic it is backstage before the show."
Jane nodded. "But you have to know that if, and I mean only if things get out of hand, I'll need your help?"
Sakura nodded. "I understand. Of course I'll help you in any way I can. Not that I know much about the backstage stuff though."
"The Princeton Hotel is quite big," Jane said absent-mindedly, cocking her head to one side.
Sakura's heart skipped a beat at the mentioning of 'The Princeton Hotel'. Of course she knew the event will be taking place at the Princeton Hotel in Manhattan. She also knew Nicolas Princeton was now the CEO of Princeton group. It was hard to miss since it was all over the news for a couple of weeks.
What of tomorrow? Would Nicolas Princeton be at the fashion show as well? Then again, maybe he won't be there. But then again, maybe he will because it was going to be a big event, and he, being the CEO of Princeton group, would have to be there, wouldn't he? What about the rest of the brothers? Would they be there, too? Oh God! She hoped not. Then again, Sakura had already made up her mind that come hell or high water, she'd be there too, at least to meet her mother in person and nothing was going to stop her. Not even the presence of the Princeton's brothers—her seven, ex-adopted brothers.
"I would imagine there'd be lots of people there," Jane continued. "Last I heard, there's going to be at least two thousand guests there to see Mr. Tachibana's spring-summer collections. Mind you, most of his collections are eveningwear, though there are some daywear and swimwear as well."
"He designs for men, too," Luke put in. "His taste is very top-notch. I was in his new department store a few weeks back with the boss." By 'the boss' he meant Sebastian Princeton.