
Mistaken Identity

"Fourth floor," Sakura murmured to herself as she rushed along the corridor.
She couldn't believe it. Jane had been right. Backstage was as hectic and busy as a beehive. Everybody was running around everywhere and doing everything, and now she was one of them. Except that she wasn't properly dressed like them in black shirt, black jeans, and comfortable shoes. She was wearing her long shirt, white frilly blouse, and a pair of heels. Yes, she looked elegant and lovely. And no, she was not comfortable in these to do this particular job which required her to run and run and run.
Now she was running toward the lift, hoping to get to the fourth floor on time so that she could give these files to Chris Wilson, the wardrobe manager who was supposed to arrange all the wardrobe according to these lists that was in her clutch.
She got to the lift just in time as it was opening. Hastily, she rushed in, not looking at who was in there. The moment she stepped in, at least a dozen more people rushed in as well, pushing her back to the corner. She found herself squeezing against three other people, and one of those was behind her. She hadn't time to look up at him as she was too busy texting Jane to tell her friend that she was on her way.
Oh God, she thought, this was not what she had expected. Being squished up against a stranger wasn't part of her to do list. She hoped the man behind her, whoever he was, wouldn't mind too much. She really did want to take a sneak peek at him but found it too embarrassing to do so. Holy Mother! She could feel the length of him-his hard muscular chest, his firmed abs, and the length of his long legs, against her.
Suddenly, there was more shuffling within the confined space of the lift, and Sakura found herself thrusting back even more against the stranger and her face snuggling against his massive, rock hard chest.
"Oh God! I'm so sorry," she said breathlessly to him. Then the door dinged, opened, and Sakura rushed out with other people, hoping that the stranger would accept her apology.
She wasn't thinking much about him after that as she rushed toward the room that she was told to. She knocked on the door, and it was instantly opened by Chris himself who she had met only half an hour ago.
"I got the list," she said.
"Thank God," Chris said and pulled her in. "Come on, help me taking these down to the first floor."
Sakura simply wanted to laugh. Here she was ready to meet her mother, but what was she doing now? Helping Chris carrying designer gowns.
Some twenty minutes later, they were back on the first floor where the backstage was held. She was just resting and messaging her arms when someone said, "Sakura?" loudly.
Sakura lifted her head and said, "Yes?"
A woman with brown hair and red face headed straight at her, looked her up and down and said, "You're late."
Without telling her as to what was going on, the woman dragged her away.
* * * * *


Oh God! Kill me now! Just kill me right now, Sakura thought as she stared at herself in the full length mirror. Was this really her? Holy Mother Jesus Christ! She had pink hair. Candy floss pink hair! It was intricately formed high on her head into a chignon with a garland of cherry blossoms and beads of pink mother of pearls artistically decorated on it.
Her face! She moved closer to have a good look. She had to gasp again. Was this really her? She blinked. Her face was flawlessly made-up with rosy pink blush, bright eyes, super long, dark lashes, and hot ruby lips.