
Sakura knew Darcy had left the choice to her. She felt like she was trapped. She was very annoyed at how the situation had turned out indeed.
She chose to move out of Darcy's arm, taking Toby with her, settling the little pup on her lap.
Sensing that everything was okay, Sebastian came to side beside Sakura and started stroking Toby. The dog stuck his tongue out and rubbed his head against Sebastian's palm.
"Yeah," Sebastian agreed, staring up at the vast darkness with dots of stars above them. "It is a beautiful night. Then he moved and laid on the grass, his hand crossed beneath his head as he continued to watch the sky. The three sat there in silent, listening to the song of the night of crickets chirping, and now and again, the sound of cars passing along the streets.
Some moments later, Darcy moved from his spot and laid himself on the grasses, too, on the other side of Sakura.
Sakura suddenly wanted to laugh at the situation. Here she was, sitting in the middle of two grown men laying on the grass at night watching the sky. Then she thought what the hell and moved to do the same. Once her back and head touched the cool grass, she thought it wasn't so bad, and the sky was definitely beautiful from this vantage point.
Sebastian reached out and grabbed her hand, clasping her within his. She glanced up at him, a smile on her lips.
"See that one?" he said, pointing to a bunch of stars up above. "That's Pegasus. You can see the stars join like a square and then there's the line that makes the neck and head."
Sakura nodded when she was able to make out what he described for her. "That's Pegasus," she said softly. "He's beautiful."
Darcy moved close so that he was beside her. Then he clasped her other cold hand within his warm ones. With his lips close to her hair, he said, "And the one close to Pegasus is Cygnus. See the line that links the stars like a cross?" At Sakura's nod, he continued, "They are join like the body of a bird with wings."
Sakura said, "Yes, I see it."
The brothers and Sakura went quiet after that for long while, each enjoying the moment as they gaze up at the stars. It wasn't long when Sakura felt her eyes dropping. She knew she should get up and go back to the apartment to get ready for bed, but she didn't want to leave. With both Sebastian and Darcy beside her and Toby bundled himself into a soft ball near her tummy, the moment was complete and she didn't want it to end. It wasn't long though, when her tiredness got the better of her, and she fell asleep right there on the grass.
Sebastian noticed and chuckled. "She's asleep."
Darcy nodded. None, however, bother to wake her up. They took advantage of the situation and kept her there beside them, to make up for the lost time they had been apart.
It was then when the other brothers found them, having just finished with Sosuke's birthday celebration.
"So that's where they are," Tristan said, looking heavenward with exasperation. "I thought we have to send out a search party."
"It looks fun," Conrad said and came to lay beside Sebastian. He made himself comfortable, stretching his legs and arms out like a star. "Whoa! I haven't been watching the sky for ages."
One by one, the brothers joined them; Tristan beside Darcy and Logan next to Tristan. Hayden laid down next to Conrad, and finally, Nicolas completed the not so perfect circle.
"What a beautiful night," Nicolas said some moment later.
"What a wonderful weekend it has been," Conrad said. "First we found Sakura and Toby and soon she'd be moving in with us."