
Remembrance of the Past

James was pleased that Sakura had decided to join them for dinner this evening. He gazed at her across the dining table, noting she wasn't nervous or uncomfortable with the brothers surrounding her as she had been this morning. Mary, who kept up a constant chatter, was sitting on her right. To her left was Conrad. The moment he'd seen Sakura sitting down, his youngest son had snaffled that particular chair before anyone had a chance to steal it from him.
Tara and Alaina, who were sitting on the far end of the table, were both glaring at Sakura as though they couldn't stand to be in the same room as her. Sakura, on the other hand, paid them no heed. She continued to enjoy her meal and now and again gave some chicken to Toby who was sitting on the floor behind her.
"The wedding is going to be beautiful, Mary," Brenda said. "The cherry blossoms by the pond will be in full bloom."
"That's why I waited until spring to get married. Sakura kept telling me how beautiful cherry blossoms are in spring," Mary replied enthusiastically.
"There's nothing special about some stupid cherry trees," Tara put in, stamping her knife and fork down loudly on the table.
James frowned and said, "I disagree. I love cherry trees. They're beautiful in full bloom, like lovely pink clouds in the air, and they smell divine."
Sakura laughed, which turned the brothers' heads. Tara was aware of this, and her temper flared.
"Do you really?" she asked. "I seem to remember differently."
"Me too," Brenda said. "I think there was some muttering and grunting about the whole thing for weeks."
"I think there were some cheery trees being pulled out in the middle of the night too," Sakura said. "I found some missing the next morning."
James managed to blush at the reminder.
"Who planted the trees?" Nicolas couldn't help asking.
"It was Sakura's idea," Brenda blurted out. "She bought two hundred cherry trees with her own money and planted them herself."
"With Ned's help," Sakura put in. "He was such good help. It took us months. But it turned out nice." She bent down and gave another piece of chicken to Toby.
"If I were here, I would've helped you," Conrad said. "It sounded fun."
"This is awful," Alaina snapped. "Why are we talking about some stupid trees? And this meal is disgusting. I can't take it anymore." She clanged down her knife and fork too.
James frowned at his daughters' rude behavior and then looked over to Beth. He noted the disappointed look on the housekeeper's plump face and tightened his fingers around his cutlery. He said, his tone hard and frost cold, "Alaina, that was very impolite. Have you been away from home for so long that you forgot how to show some appreciation? I expect better from you."
"I think this meal is delicious," Sakura said loudly so everyone could hear her. She turned her eyes to the housekeeper, who was standing not too far away. "Thank you so much for preparing this wonderful chicken for us, Beth."
Beth nodded at her in appreciation. That's my Sakura, she thought, always there to help when anyone needs help.
"What do you think, Conrad?" Sakura asked her adopted brother.
Conrad was quite pleased that Sakura involved him in her solo conversation and gladly said, "Yeah. This chicken is awesome. Thanks, Beth."