
"I'm on it." Nicolas picked up his cell and dialed Sosuke's number.
A few seconds later, Sosuke said, "Nicolas-kun? Ohayo."
"Ohayo, Sosuke," Nicolas replied. As usual, he got down to business. "Look, Sebastian noticed Sakura was acting a little strange yesterday. We were just wondering how she's doing."
"And let her talk on the phone," Conrad said loudly so that Sosuke could hear on the other side of the line.
Logan chuckled and Tristan shook his head at their brother's eagerness.
"I'm sorry, Nicolas-kun, but Sakura isn't here right now."
Nicolas frowned and looked at Sebastian. "What do you mean she's not there?"
Darcy scowled and fisted his hands into as his body tense at Nicolas's words. Sebastian felt his heart pumping loud and fast, knowing something was totally wrong.
"She left a note saying she's going out for a personal errand. We also had a call from your father, Nicolas-kun."
"Dad?" Nicolas said. "What does he have anything to do with Sakura?"
"Dad?" Conrad whispered to Tristan. The brother shrugged in respond.
"He told Oba-chan Sakura will be staying with him for a couple of days."
"Really?" Nicolas said, cocking his head to one side.
The brothers could tell that their eldest was thinking. Then he nudged his glasses up the bridge of his nose, and they knew it was serious business.
"Tell us what Sosuke say, Nicolas," Conrad demanded.
"Shut up, Conrad," Tristan muttered. "He's still talking to Sosuke."
Conrad glared at his brother. Finally, Nicolas put his cell phone down on the table and turned his attention to his brothers who were waiting impatiently.
He said, "Sosuke said Sakura didn't come out for dinner last night. Then she disappeared last night and left them a note, telling them she's going to do personal errand. This morning, Lady Haruka got a call from dad. She's with him."
Sebastian frowned. "Why is Sakura with Dad?"
Nicolas shrugged his shoulders. "Well, I'm going to see Dad before work," he said, getting up from his chair.
"Me, too," Logan said. "I want to make sure Sakura is all right."
One by one, the brother left the table and heading out the door. Some twenty minutes later, they greeted their rather tired looking father up at the penthouse above the hotel.
James chuckled the moment he saw his sons, all seven of them, at the door. "Brenda," he called out. "We have visitors. It's our sons." He turned on his heel and headed back into the living area with his sons following close behind him.
A moment later, Brenda appeared. She happily went about kissing them, one by one, tip toeing so that she could reach their massive height.
"Have you boys had breakfast?" she asked. "We're about to have ours."
"We had ours," Hayden said. "Mom, where's Sakura?"
Brenda turned and raised her brows at her husband. "Did you tell them?" At James's shook of head, she returned her attention to her sons. "I'm sorry, boys, you can't disturb her. She's still sleeping."
"Why didn't you tell us Sakura came to you?" Darcy asked James.