
"Sally means princess," Sebastian said, his eyes on her.
"And you were the one giving the nickname to me," Sakura replied sarcastically. "I believe it also sounds rather like silly. Sally is silly. Sakura is silly."
The brothers shuffled uncomfortably in their seats as though all of a sudden memories came flooding back.
Sebastian couldn't believe this beautiful girl was Sakura, their adopted sister from years ago. The girl who Tara and Alaina had always picked on and made fun of. She was the girl he had secretly liked to watch from afar because she interested him. There had been too many incidents in the past involving her that he hadn't wanted to remember, and when he started boarding school, he'd pushed all of those memories out of his mind and locked them deep within him. Eventually, he'd forgotten all about her because he'd never seen her again-that was until yesterday and then today.
Again he felt that odd pain throbbing within him, oddly hard to control.
James reappeared with another big tray of scones, savory muffins, fried eggs, and toast. He placed it in the center of the table and sat down in the empty chair next to Sebastian.
"So...," He began. "Where are we up to?"
The brothers didn't know how to respond because none of them wanted to talk. James reached out for toast and began to eat it. The silence continued.
Darcy gritted his teeth at the odd throbbing pain that continued to pound deep within his heart. Now he knew why he'd felt that odd, aching sensation back when he'd first sighted the island. It was because of her, Sakura, his adopted sister. He'd wanted to forget about her and in fact had done marvelously well for the past years. Not even a small thought of her had ever occurred to him. That was until today. Now every fragment of memory about her rushed back to him knocking him over like a blast of ice-cold water, making him almost breathless. She was the Sakura he used to care about, used to like-used to love even. But that particular incident thirteen years ago had changed everything.
"Sakura," James said loudly, breaking the silence, "Mark phoned last night, asking for you."
Sakura looked up. The brothers turned their attention to their dad then. James could tell curiosity was eating at them, and he grinned rather pleasantly.
"But since you weren't feeling well, he left you a message."
"What is it?" Sakura asked.
"He was asking if you'd be free this afternoon."
"I'm free," Sakura said quickly. Anything to get out of staying at home with these men.
"Good. I told him you're free. He needs help at the lab, running tests."
"His research, I suppose," Sakura murmured under her breath. "He'll be at Lauren's birthday party anyway, so I'll go to the lab with him after."
"Of course," James said, smiling. "So Sebastian." He turned to his son who was watching Sakura way too intensely, which of course warmed James's blood. "Would you like to be a volunteer?"
Sebastian turned to his father and blinked. "What?" Obviously, he wasn't paying attention.
"Mark needs healthy volunteers for his research," James said. "Unfortunately, I'm too old."
Sakura knew where James was going and quickly put in, "I'm sure he already has enough volunteers."
"I'd be happy to volunteer," Nicolas said. "What do I have to do?"
"Not much." James chuckled. "Just sit and let Sakura take your blood."