
Sakura could only stare at them. Say no! Please say no! Mary, please!
Mary laughed. "That's great! Let's all go to The Dessert Room and eat cakes!"
Sakura's shoulders slumped. This was going to be a long day.
Not long after that, she found herself in the driver's seat with Conrad's long leg pushing behind her seat and his face close behind her neck. Mary was next to her, going through the cake list in the brochure she had earlier, and Logan was sitting next to Conrad on the back seat.
"Chocolate," Mary said. "I like chocolate, but I'm not sure if everyone else will like it."
"What else is there?" Logan asked from behind.
"Hmm, strawberry, raspberry, blueberry," she said. "All the berries you could think of."
"Vanilla?" Conrad asked. "I like vanilla."
Mary put the pamphlet down and turned to look at Conrad behind her. "Okay, Conrad. What's the gossip?"
Conrad raised his brows in confusion. "What gossip?"
"Oh, come on. Tell us about your brothers. I can't believe none of them are bringing their girlfriends to my wedding. There's something fishy about that."
Conrad laughed. "Nothing fishy," he said. "Tristan, Hayden, and Darcy all got dumped by their respective girlfriends."
Logan laughed. "Serves them right."
"And Nicolas, Sebastian, Logan, and I," he emphasized, "are still single. No strings attached." As he said this, he looked at Sakura, who was too busy looking at the road ahead.
"That is so bizarre," Mary commented. "You're all still single. Seven hot men in one house, all single." She turned to look at the scenery, wondering. "I wonder if they're gay."
Conrad heard her and shouted, "I'm not gay!"
Logan nodded. "FYI, Mary, we like our freedom."
Conrad nodded too. "But unlike my brothers," he said, again looking at Sakura, "I'll only be too happy to settle down the moment I meet the right girl."
Logan noted the meaning in Conrad's words and frowned at his brother severely. "Take it slow, puppy boy. What have you got to offer this girl you're interested in? You're still in college. Where's your plan for the future?"
Conrad scratched his head. "I'll work on one."
Mary turned to look at Logan and Conrad behind her again. "Are you sure you're not gay?" She teased.
Conrad folded his arms across his chest. "I'm positive."
It was Logan's turn to speak. "Sakura, my sweet sister."
This welcomed a surprised, weird stare from Mary, and she laughed. She said, "Sweet sister? I think Sakura is anything but sweet."
Sakura tightened her hands on the steering wheel. It wasn't what Mary had just said that bothered her. It was because Logan had called her my sweet sister.
"Are you bringing that... what's his name?" Logan cocked his head to one side, pretending to search his brain for Mark Chatsworth's name. "That doctor at the lab."
"Mark?" Mary volunteered excitedly.
"Yes," Logan said. "Are you bringing him to the wedding?"
"Naturally," Mary said. "Of course."