
Waiting for You

Tired and exhausted, the Princeton brothers finally got back to their apartment at two o'clock in the morning after the long day. None, however, bothered to go into their own rooms to rest. They were too agitated and needed future discussion as to how to proceed with finding Sakura. Beth decided to make her appearance once she had heard their voices, along with her bland coffee, which for once, the brothers actually appreciatively take.
"Thanks, Beth, you're best," Conrad said. "Any cake left?"
Beth shook her head. "You boys been busy all day, huh? No time for dinner?"
With the bothers' solemn look, Beth blinked and quickly went about searching for her left over tea cake the boys loved so much.
Conrad did another depressing sigh and Tristan slapped him on the shoulder. "Don't worry, Conrad, we'll find her."
A few moments later, Beth reappeared with the tea cake. The brothers helped themselves to it as Beth watched on. She wondered what was wrong with the brothers. Yes, they should be tired after the long day at the hotel, what with the fashion show and all. But they shouldn't look as though they had just seen a ghost or had just lost something very precious to them.
Nicolas raised his head and said to Beth, "We saw Sakura."
Beth gasped, and without warning, tears suddenly welled up within her eyes. "Are you sure, Master Nicolas?"
With Nicolas's node, Beth drew in a shaky breath. "My God," she murmured under her breath. "Where is she staying? Is she doing well? Will she come to visit?"
Sebastian shook his head and said gruffly, "She ran off."
"What?"
"It's like she doesn't what to see us at all," Conrad said sadly. "Maybe last year was just too much for her and seeing us again just reminded her of the incidents."
At those words, Darcy gritted his teeth and said, "I'm going to my loft. See you guys tomorrow." With that, he left the room in a hurry.
Sebastian watched him go, a constricted feeling in the pit of his stomach. He took another sip of his bland coffee and sighed.
"I'm going to bed. We can discuss about Sakura tomorrow."
He was just walking out the door when Beth said, "Ned lives in New York. Maybe he knows where Sakura is."
Sebastian halted in his spot and spun round so fast it make Beth dizzy. Nicolas, Tristan, Logan, Hayden, and Conrad looked up to the housekeeper in unison.
"What did you just say?" Sebastian demanded. "Ned lives in New York? Why didn't you mention that before?"
Beth blinked and said, "Well, he was always living in New York. He travels a lot, too. Though his homes are always in New York and St. Joseph Island. But since Sakura's disappearance, he hadn't contacted me until a few weeks ago. I caught up with him one Sunday and I never thought to ask if he knows about Sakura."
"Aren't they very close?" Hayden asked suspiciously. "He taught her painting, didn't he?"
"Yes," Beth said. "They are very close."
"In that case, Beth," Nicolas said calmly. "We'll need you to invite Ned for afternoon tea. Preferably tomorrow."
"Well, that was lucky," Beth said. "Since I demanded he give me his cell phone number. I might add he was very reluctant about it."
Tristan laughed. "Good for you, Beth. I'm glad we have you."