
She glanced at the handsome man beside her. She couldn't believe she was sleeping with her mother's right hand man either. Yes, he was darkly handsome and he fitted all the bills where looks were concern. He was a combination of Sebastian and Darcy; tall, with black hair like Darcy and bright blue eyes like Sebastian. He swim, too. That toned, muscular body was very similar to the much desired Princeton brothers. But unlike Sebastian and Darcy, Ray wasn't out of reach. Ray was attainable, and of course, bloody boring. Even now she still ached for the Princeton brothers. Her Princeton brothers, especially Darcy and Sebastian.
"Hey, Sarah," Ray said to the lovely blond greeting them. She winked at him and gave him a good, long kiss on the lips.
"You haven't been to see me for a while, Ray darling," she said seductively, batting her long, fake eyelashes at him.
He laughed. "I was a bit busy, Sarah. How about later?"
Sarah eyed Tara and said, "Okay, later then. Hi, Tara."
Tara sneered and told the woman with her eyes to go and pissed off. She wasn't going to mix words with these low life bitches who sell their bodies for money.
With her head held high, she marched elegantly up the stairs to her mother's office. Ray followed close behind her.
"What's the emergency?" she asked the moment she stepped into the luxurious office.
Margaret looked up from her laptop, her face marked with fright and exhaustion. Tara was very surprised because she had only seen the woman last week, and she had looked as happy and as young as ever.
Julie indicated that the two should sit before she began. Once they did, she said, "She saw me."
Tara frowned. "What? Who saw you?"
Julie fisted her hands into balls and snapped, "Sakura saw me."
Tara blinked and said, "Come again?"
"Sakura, that little bitch saw me today. I was in the Princeton's hotel and—"
"What?" Tara shrieked in outrage. "What the hell were doing there for? I told you not to go there. What if they recognized you? James and Brenda lives there now."
"It can't be helped," Julie defended. "One of my important client was there. I was escorting one of my girls there for him."
Tara looked heavenward and prayed for patient. "Screw your business and your girls!" she snapped. "So what? Sakura saw you? And what the hell was she doing there anyway?"
"I don't know," Julie muttered. "But I bumped into her."
"Wait?" Tara turned to stare at her mother. "You bumped onto her?" At Julie's nod, she went on, "God, tell me she didn't recognized you."
Julie sighed and said, "I think she did."
"What the fuck!" Tara swore.
"I think she recognized me. She was looking at me strangely, and she reacted, like reacted."
"Like what?" Tara asked, her eyes large with fright.
"Like she had just seen a ghost," Julie explained.
At this point, Ray was interested in what was going on. Mother and daughter looked like they were freaked out by a girl named Sakura. Not an American name for sure.
"Sounds like she recognized you all right," he commented.
He received a frighteningly pissed off glare from both mother and daughter.