
Destiny

Sakura wasn't prepared for today. In fact, she wasn't at all prepared for any of this to happen to her. There she was, standing in the middle of the endless, long runway, watching Akira expertly doing her walk, her slim hip slightly swaying as she elegantly held one hand to the long dress, showing it off. Meanwhile a few other girls were heading back toward her.
Thump! Thump! Thump! What was she supposed to do? She nervously glanced at Mr. Tachibana who nodded at her to start walking.
Don't think, she told herself. Just listen to the music. That was when she heard it. Why hadn't she heard it before? It was a lovely Japanese traditional music mix with modern pop, and it caused her heart to rise like a bird. She felt as though a pair of white feathery wings had just grown out of her back and they were taking her up higher and higher into the air. Then she did it. She walked. She was actually doing her walk in tune with the music. She wasn't thinking of her stage fright, nor was she thinking of the audience. She was now in her own world; a world where spring existed forever, where she was surrounded with cherry blossoms, and the pale pink petals raining down on her.
Then it happened. In the distance, in her mind's eyes, she conjured up seven samurais. They were standing right there before her, dressed in the Japanese traditional clothing, and on their sides, they held kanatas, ready to fight for their love ones. As she walked closer to them, she noticed two very distinct samurais. Both were very handsome, tall, and muscularly built. One had blond hair and blue eyes while the other with sinful black hair and mauve-grey eyes. They were both staring at her, their eyes intense on her.
Sakura felt her heart jolt within her chest.
She was coming toward the end of the runway now. That was when the music soared and the singer raised her exotic voice higher and higher. It was so beautiful that it took Sakura's breath away and tears brewed in her eyes. Then she stopped right at the end of the runway and the light flashed around the audience randomly. Sakura decided to lift her head just then, and that was when she saw them.
She was so shocked to see them that she nearly fainted right there on the center of the stage while thousands of people were watching her, marveling at her exotic gown and exquisite necklace. No, she must not faint. She must not.
Finally, she managed to take control of herself and stood as proudly as she could, posing elegantly, showing off the gown and the necklace under the bright light.
Oh God! Please don't let them see me! Please don't let them recognize me!
Her hope, however, died a sudden death for standing there before her were the seven Princeton brothers, staring at her on stage as if they had just witnessed an angel descending from heaven.
Heart thumping furiously within his chest, Darcy couldn't believe it. He just couldn't. After a full year of intense searching, here she was, standing right there before them on stage.
Thump! Thump! Thump! Oh God, his heart was going to burst out of his chest any moment now. Darcy, however, didn't bother to tell his heart to stop beating so fast and so furious. In fact, he encouraged it. The pain and the pleasure, they were both there within his being.
Snow! My Snow! Tears brewed in his eyes as he watched her. His Snow with pink hair and wearing the most beautiful gown he had ever seen. Slowly, he walked toward her.
Sebastian felt his heart jolting within his chest furiously. He couldn't believe it. Sakura! Sakura was right there standing before them. Oh God! His heart was going to burst out of his chest any moment. Sakura! She was back. He felt his heart retching with pain and with pleasure. Slowly, he walked toward her, his legs weak.