
Darcy Princeton, Knight of Darkness

Snow! Snow!
Darcy flashed his eyes open, and instantly, he found himself there again at St. Helena beach, surfing the big waves. But instead of surfing with his brothers, he was alone, all by himself, surfing but not surfing, and neither was he enjoying himself like he had used to. There was something missing within him-as if he was a body without a soul, as if he was breathing but not really breathing, as if his heart kept beating but not really beating.
In the distance, he could see a storm brewing and looked as though it was heading straight toward where he was. Then he saw the waves-enormous waves looming over him and then came crashing down on him. He fought the current; fought so hard, fought until he was exhausted. Once he had managed to reach the surface, he looked around, alone in the vast ocean.
Oh God! The ache within his heart. Why?
Then the scream penetrated his mind-loud, long, and echoing with agony and death. He saw her body falling and falling and falling and then splashed!
"Sakura!"
He found himself in the angry sea once again, fighting to get to her, fighting to save her. The sea, however, refused him and crashed him off course, smashing him against the edge of the cliff.
* * * * *
"Sakura!" he yelled her name, his voice hoarse with agony. Suddenly, he found himself sitting up, sweating and panting, his heart thumping hard and furious within his chest.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
Darcy shut his eyes. Please calm down, you tormented beast. Please calm down-he told his heart internally. It was only a nightmare. Just a nightmare and nothing more.
Oh God, how he ached to see that beautiful face again. How he ached to once again see those sparkling dark eyes, that long black hair, the petal white skin, and those sensuous, ruby red lips. Those lips he had kissed and sucked and licked with his hungry tongue.
Darcy threw himself back on the bed, his hand on top of his left chest. Still, he could feel his heart thumping furiously beneath his breastbone where his hand rested, as if it was tormented, crying out for its long, lost love.
"Snow," he whispered under his breath. "My snow, where could you be?"
It had been almost one year since she had decided to leave them, since she had disappeared from their lives-from his life-and had left him only a note that simply said:
I will always be your Snow
I love you
Sakura
Darcy turned to look at the alarm clock. It said 5:05am. He sighed and turned his attention to the wall across from his bed. He gazed at the full size poster of Snow White and the Seven Knights he had designed and created two years ago. Back then, he hadn't a clue as to why he had conjured up that beautiful character of Snow White. He had always thought the idea of having an interactive game similar to Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs would be a new and exciting project and had presented it to Hayden with enthusiasm and energy. It hadn't been until much later, until when he had met Sakura again at Mary and Peter's wedding had he realized that had never been the case.
Snow White had been ingrained in his mind long ago, since he had first met Sakura when she had been seven-year-old. Sakura had always been Snow to Darcy.
Since they had released Snow White and the Seven Knights for the world to enjoy, it had gone viral, and Darcy found himself and Hayden had gone from an amateur to one of the top gaming entrepreneurs in the world. The game alone had brought them fame and success beyond belief. Since this last financial year, they had made at least three billion each in dividend. Darcy, however, wasn't interested in the money. It had always been the creation and the energy and the hard work he had put in that kept him in the business.