
Sakura's whole demeanor stiffened at that statement, and her eyes flicked to him.
"We want to help you," Sebastian said.
"We want to protect you," Darcy said. "So please tell us so we can understand."
All the brothers nodded at this, and Sakura found that she had no other choice but to trust them and tell them her side of the story. She was tired of running and she was tired of being so afraid all the time. Most of all, she was tired of the nightmares. Perhaps, just perhaps once she confronted her demon, Mrs. Byrd, then her nightmare would go away and she could live peacefully. Maybe.
She casted her eyes down to his cold hand and said quietly, "Are you all sure you want to help me? I mean..." She trailed off, thinking about the relationship between her and the brothers back during their childhood. Thinking about Tara, whom they used to love a lot, and Alaina, their beloved sister. What if what she was about to tell them affect how these men think and see in Tara and Alaina? What if...
No. She needed stop thinking about other people and concentrate more about herself. She needed to get her life sorted out. She needed to get this mess sorted out. She wasn't going to be a frighten kitten, afraid of that big bad wolf Mrs. Byrd who abused not only her, but the other children in the orphanage and burnt down their only home.
She lifted her head and said, her voice stronger and calmer, "Are you sure it's okay with you guys? Things I'm about to tell you will affect how you see certain people. I mean I don't know but it might."
Nicolas said, "Sakura, you're a Princeton and us Princeton stick together. We're your adopted brothers. We're here to help."
Sakura turned her eyes to James for support. At his affirmative nod, she continued, "I suppose the story started the day I was born. I'm not sure how, but I was told I was found on the doorstep of the orphanage with just this." She pulled out her necklace with cherry blossom pendant made out of pink diamonds."
Sebastian remembered that she had always worn that necklace since she had been little.
"And a letter. I think it said 'my daughter's name is Sakura'. And that's it."
"Sakura," Conrad said. "I didn't know any of this." He came to sit beside her and wrapped his arms around her. "I'm sorry."
Sakura chuckled brokenly. "I was always called the devil child, Conrad, with my very black hair and pale skin."
The rest of the brothers remembered that. Tara had always called her the devil's child, and now more than ever, it really hurt them to just stand by and did nothing.
"I was abused lot by Mrs. Byrd, Tara's mother. You know, whipping and slapping and all sort. Not to mention not having meals now and again."
"Is that why you got used to it?" Nicolas asked. "Missing the meals."
Sakura nodded. "Yes. I got used to missing meals and it kind of stick." She sighed deeply. "That night eighteen years ago, I had one of my nightmares." She skipped the part about her being so scared and alone and then her prayer to God to be adopted by the Princeton. They didn't need to know that part. Thinking back, she must have seen so desperately and lonely.
"I was thirsty and went down to the kitchen to have a glass of milk. I made sure no one saw me, especially Mrs. Byrd. Because if she had seen me... well, anyway, I went in and there she was, pouring some liquid stuff on everything. I didn't realize until later that it was gasoline. She saw me there, and I think she was afraid I'd tell. She slapped me and demanded me not to tell. I... I..." She took a deep breath as tears began to brew in her eyes. "She struck me on the head with a dough roller."