
Bad Luck Comes in Three

Bad luck came in three, and Sakura knew it had hit her after she had found her painting gone missing the next morning. As if the episode with the Princeton brothers the previous day wasn't bad enough, now her beloved painting was gone.
Body trembling and heart beating way too fast, she frantically searched about the gallery. When she couldn't find it anywhere there, she headed up to the attic and combed through every corner of the dark room.
"It was there yesterday," she said to Ned in the kitchen a few hours later. "I left it in the gallery Friday night before heading to bed."
"Are you sure you haven't put it somewhere else?" Ned asked curiously. He wondered if her encounter with the brothers had led to stress and thus her short term memory lost. She'd probably get worse, he thought, if she found out as well that Beth had contacted him only this morning about a possible afternoon tea meeting with her and the Princeton brothers. Oddly enough, Ned wanted to laugh at the whole situation. They were fast, these brothers, where Sakura was concern. Oh, he'd have tea with them all right, but not until next Sunday, a week away. Plenty of time for him to think over whether to tell the brothers about Sakura where abouts or not. Although he had no power as to whether she'd want to see them. That was up to her, and Ned couldn't push that. The brothers will have to convince her themselves, of course.
Ned returned his attention to Sakura who was shaking her head, adamant that she wouldn't have misplaced such a beloved thing.
"Very sure," she said. "I left it right there in the gallery. I guess I totally forgot about it the next morning and then things happened." She sighed and tried very hard not to make a scene out of nothing. Surely, it had to be in the gallery somewhere. "What about you? Did you see it yesterday morning when you came in?"
Ned put his cup of coffee down and thought for a moment. "Now that you mentioned it," he murmured. "It's the cherry blossom on St. Joseph Island? The one you've started a year ago before..."
Sakura nodded.
"No, I don't remember. I thought you were just going to let it sit rotting in the attic."
"I changed my mind," Sakura said quietly. "I have to find it. It just doesn't sit well with me if I can't." She sighed deeply, and was about to go off to search again when Jane came in through the back door. It was a Sunday, and the gallery wasn't opened. It was Jane's habit to come to see Sakura on a Sunday morning to gossip about this and that, and she had always let herself in via the back door. Today, however, was especially important for Jane because she was eager to learn what the heck went on yesterday.
"I'm so glad you're here," Sakura said, almost with relief. "Did you happen to see a painting in the gallery yesterday when you came in? It was sitting on the floor near the counter."
Jane cocked her head to one side, and then said, "Oh yeah. That one. I've seen it. It's of a cherry blossom in the woods, right?"
Sakura nodded furiously, hopeful.
"Yes. It's a master piece, Sakura. What happen? Why do you look so worried?"
Sakura clamped her lips. "It's gone."
"Gone? What do you mean gone?"
"I don't know. It just kind of disappeared today. I was going to put it into frame and ..." she broke off.
Jane saw the distraught look on Sakura's face and knew that piece of art was very dear to her. She rushed to the place her bag on the table and took Sakura into her arms. "Don't worry. I'll help you look. If we can't find it, we'll ask Melissa when she comes in on Monday. I'm very sure it's in the gallery somewhere. Now, however, my dear friend, you have to tell me everything, and I mean everything that went on yesterday. Including your relationship to the Princeton brothers."