
Haruka chuckled. "Sebastian-san, I thank you for your wonderful hospitality. Might I thank you for the lovely design of the apartment as well? It is very much to my taste, especially my bedroom. How did you come up with such an idea? A mixture of Japanese and European décor."
It was Sebastian's turn to chuckle. "I stole the idea, so you shouldn't thank me. After all, it was the decorators who did all the work. I just gave them my thoughts." He didn't tell her it had been Sakura's bedroom back at Princeton Mansion on St. Joseph Island that had inspired him.
"But still," Haruka argued. "It was very kind of you to think of us Japanese. Oh dear, I am being a very bad hostess indeed. Please, I invite you to have tea with me. It's Japanese tea, if you don't mind."
Sebastian nodded and stood up. "I don't mind at all."
Haruka nodded. They both left the exotically designed private courtyard filled with cherry trees in full bloom on the ground floor of the building and entered the enormous lobby nearer to the front. They took the lift to the third level where Haruka's apartment was, which took up the whole floor. A few moments later, they entered Haruka's enormous, luxurious apartment that was classically designed and decorated.
"Baka!" they heard a feminine voice echoed through the hallway. "Baka! Why does it have to be her who gets to wear Oba-chan's precious necklace?"
Haruka glanced up at her guest, hoping Sebastian didn't mind the obvious loud argument that was happening in the house.
"It's my niece, Akira," she explained. "I think she is still upset about the casting for the upcoming fashion show in three weeks' time."
Sebastian took off his shoes and nodded in understanding. "I understand there's another model Mr. Tachibana have enlisted to wear his finale?"
"Yes," Haruka said. "Sakura."
Sebastian felt his heart skipped a beat and glanced at Haruka.
"Her name is Sakura Taito," Haruka said, leading Sebastian into the living room. "She's very beautiful and very famous, so I heard. She will be wearing one of my precious pieces."
"I see," Sebastian murmured, following her.
"Don't look at me like that, Onii-chan," they heard Akira snapped. "I'm not jealous. So not jealous of her. I'm just pissed that she gets to wear Oba-chan's necklace."
"If she doesn't wear that necklace, then who will?" the deep, manly voice of Sosuke Suzuki asked. "You?"
"Onii-chan!" Akira shouted.
"Dear me," Haruka said the moment they were in the living room. "We have guest."
Akira Suzuki stopped her muttering immediately and smiled pleasantly at their guest. "Sebastian-san," she began. "How nice of you to visit us. When was the last time? Akira cocked her head to one side as if she was thinking deeply. "Ah, two months ago. How shameful, Sebastian-san, considering the fact that you only lives one floor above us and keeping that beautiful view all to yourself. Not to mention the very private garden you have up there. Don't you tell me you don't have one because I've seen the Sakura trees up there from the streets."
Sebastian laughed. "You are welcome to use the private garden at the penthouse if you so wish. There's no one to stop you."
Akira pulled her face and flicked her short black hair back. "How could I do that, Sebastian-san? Onii-chan would kill me." She glanced at her older brother Sosuke, who was staring at her intensely. She secretly smiled as she watched him nudged the glasses up the bridge of his fine nose. She knew he was concerned about her wayward way now that they were living here in New York. Sosuke needed to loosen up his tight manner, even just a bit, she thought.