
Sebastian and Darcy looked at each other. So they had been right. Sakura had Ned helped her all along.
"Come on," he said. "I'm sure you have a lot of questions to ask. And here I thought that wouldn't happen until Sunday." He led them up stairs to the loft. The brothers followed and a few moments later, they came to a much more homely area with wooden floor laid with warm rugs and odd carpets, a bright warm tone painted walls that was covered with Sakura's painting and photographs.
Ned led them into the living area and told the brothers to make themselves comfortable. The brothers took their preferred seats; Sebastian and Nicolas on the sofa near the window, Conrad and Darcy on the other one diagonal to that, Logan and Hayden on one cozy chairs each and Tristan chose to lean himself by the window. Ned closed the door and said, "That should be private enough." He laughed then.
Toby chose that moment to change his cozy couches by rushing off Sebastian's arms to that of Logan's arms. Logan petted him as Toby made himself comfortable.
"How long have you and Sakura been here?" Conrad asked.
"Since we left St. Joseph Island," Ned said.
"Why did she leave?" Conrad couldn't help himself. "She didn't even tell any of us. Just up and gone. And she was supposed to be in the hospital. She was supposed to be recovering from the accident."
Darcy fisted his hands at the mention of this and fired one of his own question, "Did you know before that accident if she was leaving?"
Ned nodded. "She had always planned to leave since before you boys return to St. Joseph Island for Mary's wedding. She wasn't going to stay there forever."
Sebastian frowned at this. Of course he remembered that time when he had taken her for a ride on Hayden's motor bike after Lauren's birthday party. She had mentioned something about leaving St. Joseph Island.
"She was planning to find her biological mother," Ned supplied. "Those few weeks you boys came to stay, I found out some background as to who her mother is."
"What's her name?" Nicolas asked.
"Haruka Tanaka," Ned said. "That should make sense what happened on Saturday."
Nicolas looked at Sebastian and then both nodded in understanding. "She thinks Ms. Ruka, whose real name is Haruka Tanaka, is her mother?"
Conrad said, "Whose Ms. Ruka?"
Nicolas turned his attention to his other brothers, who looked a little confused and said, "Ms. Ruka works for Mr. Tachibana. She's his assistant."
"But she's a transgender," Tristan said from behind.
"Sakura didn't know that," Nicolas said. "And thank goodness for that."
Logan started laughing then, loudly, in which case Hayden and then Conrad followed. Darcy couldn't help but shook his head at the whole odd situation as well and smiled. It was the first time that Sebastian had seen his younger brother lightened up, and he himself laughed. It felt so good to laugh, he thought, and rested his back against the soft sofa.
Nicolas nudged his glasses up the bridge of his fine nose, as was his habit, and said, "I supposed there's more than one Haruka Tanaka in the world."
Ned sighed. "Yes, and she went all the way to the hotel just to take a peek at the wrong woman. Mind you, I did tell her not to go. She knows fully well you boys will be there. But she just didn't listen. And now look at where it got. Stuck in a muddle of mess."
Sebastian said, "We're glad she didn't listen to you."