
She lifted her head and came face-to-face with a handsome young man with raven-black hair and mauve-gray eyes. Sakura held her breath as she stared at Darcy, drowning herself in the depth of the unique color that once had looked at her with affection.
Darcy felt his body go rigid, his heart skipped a couple of beats, and he just stopped breathing altogether for a couple of seconds the moment he saw the dark-haired, dark-eyed beauty that was their victim. To say she was beautiful was an understatement. She literally took his breath away, and indeed, he found it hard to find his breath again.Suddenly he felt the world swimming around him as he continued to gaze at her. Something deep within him stirred, inching its way from within the locked chains that kept it imprisoned, preventing it from ever escaping.
Then it happened. A soft, gentle voice echoed in his head. Darce! My dear Darce!
That voice! Whose voice is that?Why did it call to me? Why was it referring to me as "My dear Darce?"
Darcy didn't have any answers to these burning questions swirling within his head as he began to feel himself tense.
Under his intense gaze, Sakura felt the heat rising steadily within her. Involuntarily, she trembled and quickly glanced away-only to meet Sebastian's eyes. Instantly, she was lost in the azure color.
Sebastian too was holding his breath as he stared at her, and his heart seemed to have stopped beating all of a sudden.
Holy shit! was his first thought as he gazed at the woman he almost killed. She is a beautiful creature, all right. With the blackest hair, the palest skin, and the darkest eyes that seemed to draw him into their mysterious depths. She was so damn beautiful it knocked the wind out of him, and he found he couldn't stop staring, didn't want to stop staring.
"Sebastian!" Nicolas called out. "Is she all right?"
Sebastian finally managed to get his wits back and uttered, "I... I think so."
Sakura drew her arm away from Sebastian's grasp and looked away, feeling his intense stare was beginning to unnerve her. She was hoping he'd walk away and leave her alone when the man gave her a fright by touching her again. He was in fact closer to her now. She could feel his warm breath against her skin and the heat of his large, masculine body against her small, soft one. In response, her body began to shiver.
She pushed him away, causing him to fall on his backside in surprise. Tristan laughed from the distance, and Sebastian gritted his teeth, knowing his brother was enjoying his embarrassment.
"I'm only trying to help," he said to her.
"Are you hurt anywhere?" Darcy queried, his eyes still on her. "No broken bones?"
Sakura turned her attention to Darcy and instantly felt her heart do another somersault. Any moment now, she thought, he'd recognized her. Any moment now, he'd remember who she was. The thought didn't sit well with her.
"How's that ambulance going, Nicolas?" Conrad asked his eldest brother, who was apparently still searching for his cell phone.
"It's in here somewhere," Nicolas muttered under his breath.
"If it were a serious accident," Conrad said, "she would have died by now."
Nicolas frowned. "What about your cell phone?"
"I'm fine. No need to call for an ambulance," Sakura said loudly.