
A Final Kiss

Sakura lay there, watching the moon rising high above in the night sky. It was beautiful, and it reminded her of that night in the garden after she'd returned from Mary and Peter's wedding. It reminded her of the man who had secretly kissed her.
Darce. My dear Darce, she thought. At least he was saved.
She closed her eyes, thinking about him, thinking of their childhood together, of the fun they'd had under that sakura tree in the woods. She thought of her stroking his dark hair as he lay there on her lap and stared up at the bright blue sky. It had been a beautiful childhood even though it had only been for a very short, short while. That was until the world and everyone had turned against her. Now, however, she was resolved not to think about those horrid experiences. Now she wanted to put everything in the past. She wanted to move forward. She wanted to make her own path and forge her own future. And even though she knew she'd break many hearts doing so, she knew also that it was the only way to resolve the conflict that she had within her heart.
Yes, her leaving was the only solution. Alaina would no longer be estranged with James and Brenda. Alaina and Darcy would once again be best friends, which was what Alaina had wanted since Sakura had entered their lives. Sakura would not break either Sebastian's or Darcy's hearts. Well, probably at first, but she knew that eventually they would forget about her. Eventually this Sakura would fade from their memories and disappear from their minds, just like it had all those years ago before. Eventually each one of them would find that perfect woman they'd been waiting for. Then they'd live happily ever after, just like in fairy tale books, and the name Sakura would no longer have any meaning to them.
Sakura opened her eyes, got out of bed, and slowly made her way to the door.
The hospital corridor was dark and quiet at this very late hour, and Sakura was very glad indeed as that meant no one would see her. Finally she came to the ward on the other side of the floor and went toward Darcy's room. She'd been told he was recovering fine after the accident, but she had to make sure, had to see for herself before she left for good.
She stood by the door, watching him, her heart aching for him, with him. He was still unconscious, it seemed. She noted IV lines were connected to his person. He was probably on morphine or something to keep the pain away.
Darce! My Darce!
Slowly, she walked toward him lying there motionless. She came to sit on the side of his bed, her hand gentle and warm on his face as she stroked and caressed him, pleading for him to wake up, for him to open his eyes.
Slowly she lowered her head toward his face and gently she kissed him on his cold lips. Tears rolled down her cheeks as she continued to kiss him, pleading for him to wake up, pouring out all of her love and passion for him. Her hand dug deep into his thick, black hair as her tongue stroked his motionless lips.
Her heart quivered with frustration and with pain. She whimpered within her throat as she continued to kiss him with a wild, feverous passion.
Darce! My dear Darce! Please wake up!
Suddenly, Darcy moved. "Snow," he groaned softly. "Snow, don't leave me. Don't die on me. Please, I love you."
Sakura cried, her whole body shaking with emotion as she hid her face against his neck.
Darcy slowly opened his eyes and dazedly looked at her. "Snow," he whispered.
Sakura moved down and kissed him again-passionately and wildly-pouring her heart out for him, telling him of how much she loved him, just like when he'd kissed her in the garden that night under the bright moon and whispered the words I love you to her.