
Conrad couldn't help himself and asked, "What? So are you guys like dating or something?"
Mary laughed. "I wish. I've been working on it for so long and so damn hard. I know in my guts that Mark likes Sakura, but she won't budge-the beam pool."
Sakura said, "I'm not ready for a relationship, Mary. I told you already. I've got other plans. And I'm not a freakin' beam pool."
"Yeah. Yeah." Mary waved. "We know you've got super-hot breasts, Sakura. But you know romance doesn't come your way every day, and besides, finding the perfect man in your life isn't that easy either." She turned to Logan and Conrad. "How about we work together?"
Conrad was momentarily daydreaming about Sakura's super-hot breasts. He wondered what they looked like and-
"Conrad?" Mary shouted.
He jolted back to reality. "What?"
"To get this friend of mine and Mark together?"
Logan frowned darkly, and Conrad said, "No!"
Mary harrumphed. "Fine. I'll work on it myself, then."
A few minutes later, they arrived in town. It was a picture-perfect little town with beautiful old buildings dating back to the eighteenth century. Most of the shops and eateries were set up by the waterfront. Hence they had an excellent view of the beach and the blue ocean beyond. In the far distance, one could almost see New York to the west if one had a good imagination.
Sakura parked the car along the side of the road, and they all got out. Logan stretched out his long legs and arms and inhaled the fresh air.
"Ah. It's so good," he said.
"Come on, Logan," Mary said, pulling him by the arm. "We don't have much time. We still have to go and see the florist."
"Such fun," Logan responded.
Conrad rushed up to walk beside Sakura when he saw that his brothers were getting out of the other car parked not too far away and knew soon they'd be onto them. He had to take quick action, he decided.
"So," he said to Sakura. "It's nice today."
"Yes," Sakura replied.
"I suppose it'll be lunchtime by the time we finish."
"Yes," Sakura said, looking up at him, wondering what he was on about.
"I know a nice place," he said. "I thought maybe you and I could go. We could get to know each other a bit more."
Sakura smiled up at him, her eyes twinkling. She wondered if he wanted to be friends with her and perhaps get to know her a bit better as adopted siblings. Or perhaps she wondered if he was playing tricks on her. But then again, why would he? He was a grown adult. No one had time for that sort of bull now, and to be frankly honest, neither did she.
"Well," she said.
"Please come," he almost begged her, his eyes large as he waited expectantly.
Sakura thought he reminded her of Toby and couldn't help chuckling. "All right," she agreed. "But I know a place where we should definitely go. You'll like it."
"Yes!" Conrad yelled out excitedly as though a girl had just accepted a date with him.
"Yes what?" Sebastian asked from behind.
By that time, all the brothers had caught up with them. Sakura turned around to have a look. Her heart skipped a beat as she gazed at the brothers, and it did a triple skip once her eyes met Sebastian's. Oh, God! Why was her heart beating so hard? Why was she finding it so difficult to breathe properly? Not to mention her stomach kept flipping again and again.