
Confrontation

Sakura tried not to breathe-or move, for that matter-since she was being squeezed in the back seat like a sandwich between Logan and Conrad. Honestly, she thought, why did she have to return home with them? Why couldn't Mark have dropped her off? Why had Mary taken her car away without telling her? Why, oh why?
She pulled Sebastian's large jacket-the one he had unceremoniously dumped on her person the moment she'd taken off her lab coat back at the lab-across her front tighter. Then she folded her arms across her chest, trying to relax. But how could she relax when Conrad kept staring at her and giving that dazzling smile of his? To be honest, she found it rather funny since he reminded her so much of Toby when the dog was trying to please her. She wondered if Conrad was trying to do the same thing.
"Sakura," he began, "what interesting things have you been doing?"
Sakura wanted him to stop bothering her and thus gave him a good scowl.
"Stop frowning, my sweet Sakura," Logan said, which welcomed a quick suspicious glance from Sebastian through the rearview mirror. "You'll get wrinkles."
Her frown darkened. "I haven't been doing anything interesting, apart from the usual," she said. After all, why would they be interested in her life now when they'd never given a damn before? So she kept her mouth shut even though Conrad was quite persistent in his endeavor to make conversation with her.
"Give it a rest, Conrad," Nicolas said abruptly. "She's tired."
"Yes," Sebastian added. "It has been a long day."
Conrad stopped his questioning then, and Sakura sighed with relief.
Once they got back to Princeton Mansion twenty minutes later, Sakura quickly escaped from the car and rushed into the house. She was promptly greeted by the hyperactive Toby, who raced toward her with his wee, short legs.
Sakura laughed and bent down to pick him up. "You miss me?" she said.
Toby barked excitedly and licked her cheek.
"Huh!" a voice expressed from the drawing room. "Finally, somebody shut that stupid dog up."
Sakura froze and automatically hugged Toby against her chest protectively. "It's okay, Toby," she said to the dog and quickly headed across the corridor toward the stairs.
When she thought she would escape unscathed, Tara emerged from the drawing room.
Sakura wasn't surprised to see that Tara was still as beautiful as ever with her platinum-blond hair, tanned skin, and tall, lean figure.
Tara immediately spotted Sebastian standing by the door looking very handsome indeed in Calvin Klein jeans and a blue formal shirt. She wondered where he'd been and without inviting her along, too. Then she noticed Nicolas, Logan, and Conrad standing beside Sebastian, all dressed semi-formal as well.
"Hey, where have you guys been?" she asked, pouting her lips akin to that of a little girl being denied candy. "Should have invited me."
Tristan, Hayden, and Darcy happened to walk through the doorway at that moment. Tristan was laughing about something, and Hayden was giving Tristan a friendly punch on the arm. Darcy just shook his head at his brothers. Of course, they'd been talking about women again and the best method to get them in the mood for sex.
They all came to a complete stop at the corridor when they noticed their brothers were still standing there awkwardly. Darcy wondered why and knew instantly once he had spotted Tara before them, standing there as if she were posing for a photo shoot for some hot magazine.