
Oh no! She shouldn't be wearing this. Not her. Not Sakura. What if she lost it? What if she damaged it?
"You're ready," Lisa said. "Now then, off you all go. We're on in ten minutes."
Suddenly, Sakura found herself being ushered toward the stage. No. No. No.
"Why are you so nervous?" Akira asked.
"I've never done this before," Sakura said breathlessly.
"Oh," Akira said. But instead of sympathizing with Sakura, she laughed again with that beautiful rich voice of hers. "Don't worry. You'll be fine. Look, all you have to do is to not pay attention to the audience. Just listen to the music and walk. That's all you have to do. Walk. In your mind, just imagine you're somewhere else. Anywhere else but here."
"Does that really help?" Sakura asked, curious.
Akira nodded. "It helped me."
Sakura wasn't so sure that this would help her, but she was willing to give anything a try. Then she thought about Jane. Where the heck was Jane?
Sakura was praying very hard that Jane would miraculously appear and sort out this mess when she heard a commotion on the other side. She looked up to see the famous Japanese designer Mr. Tachibana coming toward them, his long hair-dyed bleach blonde-flying and his long white robe fluttering about him. Beside him was the woman Sakura had been waiting eagerly to meet in person, the woman who had given birth to her twenty-five years ago, Haruka Tanaka. She was tall, Sakura realized, with strong, angular face, and thin nose that sat nicely on her face. She was very beautiful.
"What?" Mr. Tachibana shouted at Chris Williams, the casting manager. "Sakura isn't here yet? And you didn't tell me this until now? When we only have ten minutes until show time?"
Sakura licked her lips, her stomach flipping in dread as she watched them coming closer to her.
Ms. Tanaka watched Chris flustered in his spot as if he wanted to die. After all, Sakura Taito was their finale and thus without her the show couldn't possibly be a success. They only had ten minutes until show time and there were thousands of rich and famous people out there waiting to see Tachibana-sama's famous gowns and Haruka-sama's famous necklaces. They had to come up with something. After all, they could always cast another model for the finale. There was no problem with that. Thus with that idea in mind, she but in and said, "Moushiwake arimasen, Tachibana-sama, but I have just called Sakura-san, too. She refused to come without an escort. She wants a limo not a taxi, so she told me."
Mr. Tachibana was ready to tear his hair off. He was stalking toward the line of models who were wearing his latest spring and summer collect now, waiting to go on the runway here at the famous Princeton Hotel in New   York. And yet, his finale, his best piece-his pride and joy-couldn't be on the show because his first choice of model refused to come on stage because she wanted a limo and a proper escort? Yes, Mr. Tachibana was ready to scream the hotel down and kill himself when suddenly he spotted his master piece gown on the most beautiful creature he had ever seen. She really took his breath away as he gazed at her. Instantly, he calmed down and cocked his head to one side.
Oh my Lord, she looked exactly like that spring Goddess he had seen in his dream. She was beautiful. She took his breath away. She awed him. She was perfect. But she wasn't Sakura Taito. At this moment, however, Mr. Tachibana had no choice. Then there was also the fact that he was so impressed and taken by the pink hair beauty that he just didn't care anymore and raced forward.
He came to stop mere inches away from Sakura and stared at her long and hard.