
"You're not thinking of running away again, are you?" Jane asked curiously out of the blue.
With Sakura giving an apologetic look, Jane knew that was exactly what Sakura was going to do.
"If I don't tell you or Luke, then the brothers couldn't do much about it, could they?"
"And Ned?" Jane asked curiously. "What about him?"
"I'm not sure, I don't want him involved anymore. It's just getting way too much already. Everything will eventually be getting out of hands, and once there, I have no idea how I'd handle it."
"I'm just hoping you're doing the right thing, Sakura," Jane said before they finally arrived at Lady Suzuki's grand apartment.
"Me, too," Sakura murmured as they got out of the taxi.
Out on the street, Sakura stared up at the three stories building in awe. Above her, cherry blossom petals floated down in the gentle breeze, and she gazed in wonder. She smiled as some landed on her. Jane, after giving the taxi driver money, came round and chuckled.
"You look just like one of those heroine in Asian movies, Sakura," she said, a glint in her eyes.
"What heroine?" Sakura asked innocently, her heart constricted, her thoughts still on the brothers. She really do wondered if she was doing the right thing, by keep running away from them. What was she trying to avoid? Was it her facing them or was it something else?
Returning to her current situation, she clamped her lips, nervous all of a sudden at the thought of meeting with Lady Suzuki. Once again, the thought of going to court and living in bared cell didn't stray far from her mind.
"Shall we?" she asked Jane nervously.
Jane nodded. "Yes."
The girls headed to the main entrance and came in through the large foyer. Jane did a wowed look as she gazed up and down and about her in awe.
"This place is super awesome," she said loudly.
"I know," Sakura replied. "Which makes this meeting even harder to for me."
Jane couldn't do much more than just nodded with agreement. They headed to the lift, and moments later, the door dinged open. The girls stepped out and scanned around the elegant hallway of warm tone carpet and damasked wallpaper. Even here there were cool modern chandelier along the length of the place. At the end of the foyer, there was a single large double door.
"Are we on the right floor?"
"I think so," Jane said hesitantly.
Together, the girls headed toward the door, and as soon as they open that, they came into another corridor. This one, however, had glass wall on the left side. Sakura tentatively followed Jane. As they went further in, her attention's was caught by the exotic garden outside. She stopped and turned to the glass widow, staring out with a longing. Jane, meanwhile, turned the corner of the corridor and disappeared from sight.
Sakura, oblivious to her disappearing friend, placed her hand against the glass window as she gazed out. There were cherry blossom trees about the small garden surrounding a small pond. There were also wooden outdoor benches and chairs to enjoy the wonderful atmosphere. As the gentle breeze danced outside, petals of cherry blossoms rained down across the place, and Sakura wished that she could be out there, breathing in the beautiful air and basking in the wonderful atmosphere of spring.