
Instantly, Michael stepped forward and gladly offered them the rings. Peter took one and slipped it onto Mary's finger. While he held Mary's hand in his, he repeated after the minister. Then it was Mary's turn.
"Mary and Peter," the minister said, "you have pledged your promises to each other and have declared your everlasting love by exchanging the rings. Your vows may have been spoken in minutes, but your promises to each other will last until your last breath. As they have pledged themselves to meet sorrow and happiness as one family before God and this community of friends, I now pronounce them husband and wife. You may kiss your bride."
Peter pulled back Mary's veil and, grinning cheekily, kissed her on the lips. Everyone cheered then, and Sakura laughed, tears in her eyes.
"Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you Mr. and Mrs. Johnston," the minister said.
"Hurray!" Michael shouted and ran to hug Sakura around the waist. "Now it's our turn," he said cheekily.
Conrad stood up and yelled, "Hey, who said it's your turn, you little brat?"
Everyone laughed at them. Sakura ruffled Michael's thick hair.
"Come on," Michael said. "Photo time."
It wasn't long before Sakura found herself in the photos with the newly wed Mr. and Mrs. Johnston, being squeezed in between the brothers, mostly between Tristan and Conrad. Sebastian and Darcy seemed to stand as far away from her as possible. She understood their body language completely and told herself to get over it.
Sakura had her camera with her as well and proceeded to take photo after photo. Suddenly, Tristan and Logan came up to her, cornering her on both sides as if they had caught their prey.
"Time for our photos, little sis," Logan said cheekily.
"No, it's time for our photos, my dear Sakura," Tristan said cheekily, grabbing Sakura by the arm and leading her away.
"Oi!" Logan snapped. "Sakura and I are taking our photos." He grabbed her other arm and proceeded to lead her in the opposite direction.
"You guys." Sakura couldn't help raising her voice just a little. "How about we all take photos together instead?"
Tristan didn't look very happy with that idea.
Logan sighed. "Very well," he said and took her camera from her. He called to Patrick, one of the three photographers they had hired for the occasion, to come over to them.
Tristan took the chance and pulled Sakura to him, causing Sakura to collide against his massive chest. "Say cheese," he said.
"How lame," Logan said, pulling Sakura back to him. The three stood with Sakura in the middle and the brothers on either side of her. Patrick raised the camera to his eyes and then click, click, click, click.
"That was great, guys," Patrick said. "More?"
"Yeah, more," Tristan said. Then when the photographer started clicking again, he sneakily kissed Sakura on the cheek.
Sakura gasped. Logan saw. The brother growled and said, "You're not the only one who's kissing her." That said, he kissed her as well on her other cheek.
Oh, God, Sakura thought. She had to get out of here before this got any worse. But worse it did get as Patrick laughed and encouraged them both to kiss her at the same time. The brothers took on the challenge with enthusiasm. As the camera clicked and clicked and clicked, both Tristan and Logan kissed her cheeks with delight. They would have continued if it wasn't for the loud command that got bombed their way by Sebastian. Darcy wasn't far behind him.