
Darcy twisted around in his spot, confused and lost amidst the woods. "I'll find you. You'll see. And when I do, I'm never going to let you go. You're going to be mine forever and ever."
A beautiful laugh followed. "Then find me. I'm waiting for you to find me. Darce, my dear Darce..."
Darcy found himself running until he was breathless. Then he saw a glimpse of white material. He sprinted toward it, and as he came closer, he saw her long dark hair.
"I got you now," he chuckled and pulled her into arms. They both fell to the ground and got into a fit of giggle.
"You found me, Darce dear," she said. "I'm so glad. So very glad."
"Me, too," he replied. "I'm so glad." He made her sit up and then laid his head on her lap. "Now you must watch over me while I take a nap."
She cocked her head to one side. "Sleep, my dear Darce, and I will watch over you."
Little Darcy nodded and closed his eyes.
"Snow? Why does cherry blossom falls?" he asked suddenly, gazing off at the millions of tiny pale petal raining on them.
"They are the tears of spring, Darcy, the tears of spring," she replied, smiling as she, too, gazed up at the swirling flowers that surrounded them.
Darcy nodded and closed his eyes again. When he opened them some moment later, he felt something tickling his face. The first thing he saw was the clear blue sky above him. It was a beautiful spring day, he thought, and didn't want it to ever end. He turned his eyes to the left then, and his little heart glowed with joy as his eyes met his pretty adopted sister's.
Sakura was watching him, a beautiful smile on her lips. She looked like an angel, Darcy though with pride. He could never get used to her beauty, he thought, what with her long dark hair and pale skin; she looked just like Snow White in the fairy tale book.
"You're awake?" she asked softly.
Darcy adjusted his head on her lap so that he could lie more comfortably. Her thighs were soft beneath his head, and he liked that. He liked that a lot. He only wished that he could sleep on her lap every night instead of his pillows.
He reached his small hand out and started playing with her long hair, coiling the strains about his fingers. He didn't know why but he just loved being with Sakura. She made him feel wonderful.
"Did you have a good sleep?" she asked.
"Yes," Darcy replied.
"Did you have a good dream?"
"Nope."
Sakura moved her hand and ruffled his dark hair. Darcy liked that. He liked that a lot.
"I don't have good dreams either," she whispered softly, gazing off into the distance.
Darcy looked up at her, noting her sorrow expression which in turned caused his own heart to rob with pain. Of course, he didn't understand why.
"Do you have nightmares?" he asked.
He watched her nod her head.
"Well, if you have another one, I'll come and sleep with you. I'll protect you from your nightmare. I'll be your bodyguard. I'll be your prince, Sakura."
She laughed softly. "You're only a little boy, Darce."
"I don't care. I'll still protect you even if I'm just a little boy," he said firmly, giving her a dashing smile. He moved his hand from her hair to touch her face then, his little finger caressing her soft skin.