
"Are you sure?" Sebastian asked, moving his face even closer to her now.
Shit! He could smell her-wildflowers and honeysuckle and something else. Something sweet. It tickled something nice and warm within his being. He loved it.
"Yes. I'm fine, thanks," she said firmly.
"No, I don't think you're fine until you're checked thoroughly," Sebastian commented, and without her consent, he scooped her into his strong arms.
Sakura was shocked. In fact, she was outraged. Oh my gosh! He touched her! Without her consent!
"What are you doing?" she snapped at him. "Put me down this instant!"
Sebastian was so taken aback by her burst of outrage that he didn't know what to do. The other brothers, who had gathered behind Sebastian, looked at one another. This was new, all right. Any other girl would have been over the moon if Sebastian were to pick her up like that. But not this one. This one demanded he put her down-immediately! What was even more odd was the fact that Sebastian had willingly scooped her into his arm, which of course made the brothers suspicious-especially Tristan. They moved around to get a better look at their victim.
Sebastian let go of her and stood up. He didn't know what to do since she had rejected his offer to help. He didn't want to touch her without her permission, nor did he want to walk away and leave her sitting there. Then he sensed his brothers gathering around him, and when their victim finally raised her face to them, he heard Tristan suck in his breath and say, "Holy smokes!"
Like moths attracted to a flame, the rest of the brothers saw the most enticing image they'd ever seen. This was, of course, instantly followed by sharp inhalations. Sebastian wanted to hide the poor girl-who he thought was too pretty for her own good-from his brothers' prying eyes.
Sakura didn't like the fact that she had not only two of the Princeton brothers but all seven of them to deal with. Sebastian was still staring at her as if God himself had just descended from heaven. Nicolas looked so shocked to see a woman and a dog in the middle of nowhere that he couldn't speak. Tristan, Logan, Hayden, and Conrad just gawked at her as though they were watching a really interesting movie. And Darcy? Her heart jolted within her chest as she met his gaze again. Those eyes-so intense-were on her. She felt her body quivering and quickly glanced away.
Fully conscious of her predicament, she hugged Toby even tighter against her chest, unaware that in doing so she was enriching the men's experience of her beauty-with her sitting in such a position that the hem of her dress rested high on her thighs, showing off her slender legs. Not to mention the thin straps of her dress that had fallen down her arms, the material barely covering her breasts and hinting at just how beautiful they could be if she were naked.
Sebastian had had enough. He couldn't take it anymore, with his brothers enjoying the poor girl in such a dire situation. He bent down to help her, his hand touching her arm once again. She gasped and pushed him away.
The brothers watched in shocked surprise because no female had ever pushed Sebastian away. Girls flocked to him-as they did to all his brothers. It was the Princeton charm, not to mention the mere fact that they were very good-looking. Women found them hot and would do anything to date them; even just getting close to them was a dream come true. But it was odd indeed that this young woman-yes, this very pretty young woman-was pushing Sebastian away. Did she not find him attractive? Or any of them for that matter?
Toby chose that moment to bark a friendly greeting to the intruders, sensing the seven men were only trying to help his poor master. Then, without ever consulting with Sakura whatsoever, he jumped out of her arms and into Sebastian's.