
James chuckled. "You have your own future to think about, Sakura. No matter where you are, you'll always be our Sakura."
Sakura cocked her head to one side, wondering if her adopted father suspected she was planning to leave. She turned to Brenda. "And you?"
Brenda said, "Of course, sweetheart, you have my blessing."
Sakura wasn't finished yet, and before she got too nervous to tell them, she went straight ahead. "I've planned to leave St. Joseph Island after the wedding. I've already handed in my resignation letter at the lab. My boss said it's okay and that he understands it's such short notice." She looked up at them and saw Brenda's face had paled. "I love you both very much."
Brenda, with tears in her eyes, pulled her adopted daughter into her arms. "I love you, too," she whispered into Sakura's hair. "I just never thought you'd be going so soon. This house is going to be so empty without you."
Sakura chuckled.
"And I'll have to put up with James complaining about Beth's standard coffee," she continued.
James said, "Now, now." Once his wife had finally let go of their adopted daughter, he pulled Sakura into his arms and hugged her tight. "Just make sure you keep in contact.
Sakura nodded.
Half an hour later, she was standing in the garden, listening to the "Wedding March"played by the St. Joseph Island Orchestra. She gazed at the scene before her in awe. She had been right. A wedding in spring was absolutely beautiful, especially when the ceremony was done under the cherry trees in full bloom. To the left was the pond, the clear water sparkling under the bright sunlight. Now and again, there were soft, gentle breezes which caused the cherry blossom flowers to detach from the branches and rain down on them. It was so nostalgic.
Then it was time, and Sakura found herself not quite being the center of attention, but still the center of attention nonetheless, as she slowly made her way down toward the platform where Peter stood waiting patiently for his bride. Richard and Jack, both in formal attire of black and white, stood to one side of Peter, their hands clasped back.
Sakura couldn't help but smile as she took a peek at young Michael, who was holding on to a cute satin cushion with two gold bands on top of it. He walked really slowly, worried that he might drop the precious thing.
In front of Sakura was Katherine, dressed in her pale pink maid of honor gown, slowly striding toward the platform. Halfway through, Sakura couldn't help herself turning her head to the left. Instantly, her eyes spotted the brothers, all dressed in Armani suits, very sleek and refined. They caught many women's eyes, causing them to gasp in awe. They stood in a row, watching the procession. But to be sure, it wasn't the procession they had their eyes on. They had their eyes intensely on her, especially Sebastian and Darcy, who weren't smiling like their other brothers. In fact, their expressions were stone cold.
The brothers couldn't take their eyes away from their adopted sister. She was so beautiful that she took their breath away, as James had predicted. That dress they helped design fit her slender body perfectly, showing off her fine, delicate figure. Her long hair was formed into a classic bun on top of her head with a bunch of flowers on the left side near her ear. It was the first time the brothers had seen her with her hair like that, and they couldn't help but marvel at just how sophisticated and refined she looked.
Darcy loved her exposed, swanlike neck and wanted to brush his finger along the length of it. Oh, God, he ached to touch her, to smell her, to feel her in his arms. But he knew he must keep his distance because-
Because what? It was hard. So very hard.