
He chuckled, grabbed her hand that was still stroking his hair, and held it tight against his chest. "And we share the same thoughts."
"Yes," she said. "We are one and we share the same thoughts."
Darcy took a deep, shaky breath that shook him to his core. "Sakura," he said softly under his breath. "It's spring again, sweetheart."
A few minutes later, he was at the indoor pool on the second floor of their private apartment. He stood on top of the diving platform, closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and then ran off the board and did a beautiful somersault in midair. He was flying, and then falling and falling and then splash!
The moment he was in the water, he took control and swam faster, kicking his powerful legs and propelling his strong arms-racing and racing as if he was being chased.
In the water, he opened his eyes, and in his mind's eye, he saw the woman he loved drowning. He had to go to her. He had to save her. Sakura, he thought, I will save you.
He flipped, kicked his legs against the wall, and then swam the other way, harder and faster, working his athletic body to the brink of exhaustion.
When finally he was totally exhausted, he got out of the pool and sat on the edge, staring into space.
"Hey," a voice said some moment later.
Darcy jolted back to reality and looked up to see his older brother Sebastian standing beside him.
"You're up early," Darcy said, flicking his dark hair back.
"You're even earlier than I am," Sebastian replied, eyeing the exotic tattoo on Darcy's left chest, right where his heart was under his breastbone. Did Darcy really love Sakura that much to have a tattoo of something that would remind him of her on his chest?
Sebastian hadn't been able to believe it, still couldn't believe it in fact that two brothers were falling in love with the same woman who had happened to run away from them.
The brothers were silent as they stared into space, each in their own thoughts, both thinking about the same woman who had affected them so much. It was a companion type of silence, and they both were comfortable with it.
A moment later, Sebastian expertly dived into the water.
Darcy watched as his brother swam toward the other side, stroking his powerful arms and kicking his strong legs. He watched Sebastian did a few more laps and decided that he had enough and stood up. He was heading toward the exit when he met Sosuke Suzuki, their new neighbor, coming in.
"Ohayo," Sosuke greeted a 'good morning' in Japanese.
"Ohayo," Darcy replied, nodding his wet hair at the handsome Japanese man.
Sosuke said, "You're early, Darcy-san. It is a Saturday, after all."
"It doesn't matter what day it is," Nicolas said from the door as he came in. "Darcy will always be up at five."
Darcy glanced at his eldest brother. "Habit," he said. "See you at breakfast." Then he headed out the door.
After he had had a nice, long shower, Darcy turned on his laptop and started working on his new project. By eight o'clock, he had completed what he had planned to get done and headed out the door into the spacious main, open planned living area of the apartment where all the brothers gathered for meals and entertainments.
Once Darcy was in the dining area, he noted that Nicolas, Sebastian, Hayden, and Conrad were already there, drinking their standard coffee, made by Beth their housekeeper, and eating their breakfast.