
Darcy's heart was crying out in agony, and his body shook with the powerful emotion. "I love you, Snow," he said. "I love you so much it hurts." Then he moved his lips to her forehead and kissed her there. Slowly, he moved his lips down to her nose and kissed her there, too. Then, as if he couldn't control himself, he moved his lips to her mouth and kissed her ardently. Her skin was hot against his, and he felt himself burn with her. He stroked her face and prayed to God she would be all right as he continued to kiss her.
When he finally stopped, she groaned and her lips searched for his, begging for his touches. Darcy was pleased and fulfilled her wish by kissing her again. This time, she responded by tightening her arms around him and whispering his name. "Darce, you do love me. I'm your Snow."
When he moved his lips back, he whispered, "Yes, you're my Snow. You'll always be my Snow."
She seemed to relax at his reply and snuggled deep against his chest as she fell into a deep slumber. Soon, Darcy too fell asleep, hugging her against him, never wanting to let her go.
When he woke again, it was morning, and he noted that her body was hotter than ever and her breathing was even more labored, as if this was her final hour. He panicked, rushed out of bed, and ran to get his parents.
Oh, God, he thought, please let her be all right.Please!
Alone, Sakura groaned softly. Her chest hurt. She felt so very hot and so very weak. She opened her eyes, and the first thing she thought was that she had to get out of here. No one wanted her here, so it would be best if she left. Yes, that would be best.
Without thinking, she sat up, and instantly the world spun around her. She touched her forehead, trying to get her bearings. Once the world had decided to stop spinning, she put her feet to the floor and got out of bed.
Slowly and dazedly, she wandered out the door, down the stairs, and then out of the mansion into the hot summer outside.
Birds were chirping, and the winds whispered past her. In the distance, she saw the endless green land and blue sky. Yes, she needed to go. She needed to get out of here.
She didn't know where she was going, nor did she care just as long as she was out of this place where no one wanted her. She had thought at first that they wanted her, that they loved her, but now she knew better. None of them wanted her. They all hated her. Even Darce.
It was so very hot, and she was so very thirsty. Her chest hurt. Why did it feel like she had a ton of bricks on top of her chest?
She coughed and the pain intensified. It was truly unbearable. She groaned in agony.
Why is it so bright out here? She blinked and stared up the endless sky. Suddenly, the world spun before her again. She sighed, feeling awfully helpless. At least I'm going to see my real mother now, she thought and collapsed there amongst the overgrown grass in the middle of nowhere.
It was so very dark now, and she knew then that she was going away. Oddly enough, she was glad to leave this place where no one wanted her, where no one loved her. That was when she saw the light. It was beautiful and it beckoned to her, enticing her to come toward it. Sakura couldn't help herself and reached out her hand, begging it to take her. She could hear music, such beautiful music. It was like it was calling to her, telling her that it loved her, would take care of her, and would always be there for her. Then she saw tiny petals of cherry blossoms everywhere, floating and raining down on her. This must be heaven, she thought and spread her arms to catch the flowers. This was her place, a place where she belonged.
"Sakura?" A voice echoed from the distance. "Sakura?"