
Darcy stopped himself from going any further and moved back just in time when Sakura fluttered her eyes open. She gazed at him, their faces so close to each other that she could feel his warm breath on her skin. She blinked.
"Darce?" she whispered softly.
Darcy had forgotten that his fingers were still at the nape of her neck, holding her there when he'd kissed her. He hastily moved his hand back to his side and rested his back against the tree trunk, his heart banging furiously within his chest.
Sakura sat up properly, blushing. She couldn't believe he'd witnessed her sleeping in the woods alone. How embarrassing. Then again, he wasn't supposed to be here. This was her turf.
"I love this tree," he said quietly.
She nodded. "Me too. I planted it when I was little with Ned's help."
He turned to her. "You did?"
She didn't reply, and he knew it was uncomfortable for her to talk to him about her childhood. He cleared his throat and said awkwardly, "Sakura, I never hated you."
She caught her breath, her heart thumping hard and fast.
"I'm sorry for what I did to you," he said, referring to that incident at the tree house and later when he'd pretended she never existed. God! He needed to get this off his chest. He needed to tell her how he felt.
"I was young and stupid. I shouldn't have been so horrible to you. I didn't know you hadn't done anything wrong. I'm sorry. I never hated you. You were my Snow and will always be my Snow."
He couldn't stop himself and pulled her into his arms and hugged her tight. Sakura felt her whole body trembling and her heart somersaulting within her chest.
Darcy snuggled his face against the nape of her neck, breathing in her wildflower scent. She smelled beautiful, and it stirred his insides pleasantly.
"I'll make it up to you. I promise. I won't ever hurt you again. I won't let anybody or anything hurt you again."
"Darce," Sakura whispered.
Darcy moved back, his hand cupping her face. "I hurt you. I'm so sorry."
Sakura gave him a weak smile. "It did hurt, but that was a long time ago. We were but kids. We're both grown up now so-"
"So?" he asked, brushing his thumb gently across his cheek.
"So you're forgiven," she said, giving him a smile.
Darcy's heart did a triple somersault. "You're going to forgive me just like that?" he asked to make sure she had really forgiven him.
She nodded, chuckling softly.
Darcy's face became serious and dark as he gazed at her, his mind made up. "I'm going to kiss you, Sakura."
Sakura gasped, and before she had time to think, he leaned his face forward and took her lips. This time he had both his hands at the nape of her neck, his fingers digging deep into her hair as he passionately kissed her.
Sakura was shocked into stillness. Her heart thumped loudly within her chest, her stomach flipped, and her whole body melted in his embrace. Her head was spinning out of control as she felt Darcy's lips against hers, his tongue caressing her soft flesh erotically.
She caught her breath at the back of her throat as he deepened the kiss. She gasped. Darcy took the opportunity and plunged his tongue into her sweet mouth. He explored her with a wild passion, causing her world to spin with delight.