
God! Please let her be all right. Please!
He felt his body shaking with emotions, with trepidation, as he gently touched his hand to her pale, cold skin.
"Sakura?" he said softly, his lips warm and his breath hot against her forehead. "Sakura?"
When he saw her responding to his soft calling and looking up at him, he sighed with relief and wanted to cry with joy. Then he noticed she was having trouble breathing and touched her forehead again, gently, as if he were stroking her, caressing her.
"Breathe slowly," he said. "Don't force yourself."
Sakura, still dazed and lightheaded from the experience, did as she was told, the fear in her heart slowly fading away. She liked Darcy's gentle, feathery touches on her face because it helped calm her down. By instinct, she snuggled her face against his chest, her body shaking uncontrollably.
Darcy responded by tightening his arms around her, drawing her even closer to him. He kept her within his embrace until she breathed normally again, until he was sure she wasn't going to faint, until her slender body stopped shivering.
Sakura turned to look at him, her eyes large. It broke Darcy's heart, for he saw the fear still lingering in her eyes. Her lips were quivering delicately. He knew she was about to cry but was fighting very hard to hold back.
He touched her cheek, gently guiding her face to rest back against the nape of his neck. Sakura couldn't help herself, and tears began to pour from her eyes.
She softly sobbed in his arms.
"Darcy! What the hell are you doing?" Alaina shouted.
Darcy couldn't control the raging of his beating heart, nor could he control the anger welling up in his chest.
No, he'd deal with them later. Now, however, he needed to comfort Sakura. So he sat there comforting her as she gently sobbed away while the whole time Alaina was shouting at him to leave her alone.
Just when he was about to have enough of Alaina and Tara's barking, the door burst open and Toby raced toward his master. Sebastian, Nicolas, and Conrad were behind him.
Sebastian took one look at the scene and felt his stomach knot in dread. He rushed to Sakura and Darcy without a second thought.
"What the hell happened?" he asked.
Toby begged for Sakura's attention by touching her arm with his wee paws.
Sakura turned to Toby. Her eyes were red and her cheeks were raw from crying.
"Sakura!" Conrad shouted her name, his voice wavering with concern. He came to kneel by her, searching her face. "Are you all right?"
Sakura nodded as she tried to control the tears that just kept on coming.
"You're obviously not all right," Sebastian said, a dark scowl on his face. "What the hell happened?" He looked at Darcy for an answer.
Darcy didn't reply; he was staring at Alaina and Tara, his face a mask of anger. Sebastian understood immediately.
Nicolas narrowed his eyes and pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose. "Should take her up," he said.
Sebastian nodded. He gently pulled Sakura from Darcy's arms and lifted her.
Sakura wrapped her arms around his neck and hid her face against his chest. "This is so embarrassing," she muttered under her breath.
"There's nothing to be embarrassed about," he said kindly as he strode to the door. Conrad and Toby followed them as they headed out.