
She forgot to float.
She gasped and felt her body being pulled deep into the pool. She tried to scream, but the water muffled her voice. She reached out for help, and just before she hit the bottom, she saw Sebastian reaching his hand out to her, just like that time long ago back in the sea.
He caught her hand and pulled her to him, his hand tight around the small of her waist. She hastily wrapped both arms around his neck, bringing her body and face to his. Still floating there under the water, he embraced her, gazing down at her intensely. God, she is beautiful, he thought.
Then he couldn't help himself. He moved his hand to hold the back of her head and brought his face down to hers. Slowly, his lips found hers.
He kissed her deeply and passionately, his lips firmly against hers.
Sakura couldn't breathe, her heart seemed to have stopped working altogether, and her whole body was floating just like those cherry blossoms in the wind-flying and flying, higher and higher.
Sebastian made her part her lips, and she obeyed. He blew air into her mouth, straight into her lungs. She felt her body working again. Then she felt his tongue plunge into her, exploring her. Sakura felt like she was in heaven as millions of thrilling sensations exploded through her being. She tightened her arms around his neck, never wanting to let go.
The two bodies floated there in the depths of the pool, swirling around, kissing deeply and passionately.
Then, as if lightning struck him, Sebastian flashed his eyes open and drew back, terminating the kiss. He started to swim to the surface, taking her along with him.
Sakura sucked in air once they got out of the water. Without looking at her, he guided her to the side of the pool and easily lifted her.
"I think that should do it for today," he said, pulling himself up. He grabbed her robe and wrapped it around her. "You okay to go back?" he asked, avoiding her eyes.
Sakura, still lightheaded and totally confused from the experience, nodded.
Sebastian dived back into the pool and started to vigorously swim his heart out. Sakura watched him moving his powerful arms as he propelled himself forward, the droplets of water kissing his smooth, tanned skin. He looked beautiful, and her tummy flipped again, imagining those powerful arms holding her and those hands caressing her. She felt lightheaded even more, and her body tingled.
As if he knew she was watching him, he stopped, breathing heavily, his toned muscles twitching. "Why are you still here?" he growled from across the pool. "Go! Get out of here!"
Sakura realized he was pissed. With me? Her body trembled in response.
Fine! He didn't want her to stay.
"I'm going!" she shouted, pulling her robe tighter about her and marching out the door, her heart pumping hard within her chest, her body still tingling.
Sebastian listened until he heard the door shut, then pulled himself out of the water and dove backward into the pool, splashing water everywhere. He swam hard, working his muscles until they were exhausted, until he was exhausted. He wanted to swim until he got so tired that he couldn't think of the kiss anymore. But that was not to be. By the time he'd done fifty laps, he was totally exhausted and collapsed by the side of the pool. Even then he was still thinking about that kiss-that wonderful, beautiful, amazing underwater kiss. It was like when he'd kissed her that very first time back at the cave years ago. He'd felt it then, and he felt it just moments ago-the passion, the love, the desire. Oh, God! It was so powerful. And he found he wanted more, needed more.