
Sakura wasn't sure where the brothers were going with this. She simply wanted to see them race like that time last year back in St. Joseph Island.
"Oh, how about this?" She was quite excited about the idea. When both brothers looked at her, waiting for her suggestion, she said, "I'll make the winner a cup of coffee."
The brothers looked at her, unimpressed.
"But it's a cup of coffee," she said. "You brothers like my coffee."
"Sorry, Sakura, but if you aren't going to offer a better prize than that, I'll past," Darcy said, jumping into the pool.
"What about a kiss?" Sebastian suggested, giving Sakura a wink.
Sakura blushed, her mind suddenly flashed back to last night when he had kissed her. She said, "That's not a real prize."
"It is to me," Darcy said. "Are you on, Seb?"
"I'm on," Sebastian said and then jumped into the pool as well.
Sakura watched them, dumbfounded. When the brothers climbed back up and got ready, Sakura said, "But I haven't decided yet on the prize."
Sebastian glanced at her over his shoulder. "It's decided, Sakura. The winner gets to kiss you."
"Why don't you go and sit on the side of the pool?" Darcy suggested.
Sakura suddenly got pissed because really, she didn't have any choice in the matter at all. Rather than do what they were saying, she headed toward the door instead. Racing be damn. Heck, she wasn't even that desperate to see two hot men working hard out in the water, propelling their powerful arms, and their bodies glistening wet with droplets of water.
She was about to exit the place when she felt herself being pulled around by the arm gently and lifted up in the air. She found herself in Sebastian's arms.
"Sebastian, what are you doing? Put me down this instant, you hear?"
Sebastian just laughed at her outrageous demand. "I thought you wanted to see us racing."
"I do," she snapped.
"Then why are you leaving?"
Sebastian took her to the side of the pool and placed her there, where Sakura sat with her legs dangling in the pool.
"I don't like the prize I'm going to give out," she said matter of fact.
Sebastian moved his face close to her and said, "So you don't want to be kissed by me?"
Sakura blushed even more and glared at him.
"Or the thought of kissing me revolt you, Sakura?" Darcy asked from the distance, a haunted look in his brooding features.
Sakura turned her gaze to him and saw the wounded look in his eyes. She stammered, "No! That's not it."
Sebastian laughed. "Wish me luck." Then he was off to stand next to Darcy.
Sakura's body tensed as she watched the brothers got themselves ready. Sebastian started counting, and then on three, both dived in, their powerful body in perfect syn. Once they hit the water, they started swimming, their strong arms propelling them forward as their legs kept kicking.
Sakura watched as she held her breath. When they reached the other side, the brothers were neck to neck. They flipped over and kicked their powerful legs against the side of the pool and then headed in the other direction again. This was it, Sakura thought, as she watched the brothers, and then suddenly they were there, neck to neck, their arms propelling like mad, water splashing about everywhere as they raced forward. Sakura waited, her body tense, her breathing stopped, and her eyes were intense, glued on the two men. Who will it be? Sebastian? Or will it be Darcy. And then suddenly Darcy hit the finish mark first by a mere few milliseconds. He was heaving heavily as he came up to the surface.