
Sakura blinked, confused, lost, and totally not in control of her own mind right now. What was wrong with her? Why couldn't she think? What did he mean? Oh, Lord! His lips were so sensual. And those sky-blue eyes of his.
She could feel the heat rising within her womanhood, and she softly groaned.
"I apologize for my incompetence in protecting you when we were younger," he said. "But from now on, I will never let anyone or anything hurt you ever again."
Sakura stared up at him, long and hard. Suddenly she was in full control of her mind once again, and that was when everything about the younger Sebastian Princeton flashed before her eyes.
He had always been there, hadn't he? Always somewhere in the close distance, not presenting himself before her, but had always been there nonetheless. He'd secretly helped her, hadn't he? Hadn't it been he who had stood there watching her crying in the distance after she'd had that horrible nightmare? Hadn't it been he who had called upon Daddy James to come and comfort her?
Yes, she remembered that, remembered him standing there at the door, a small figure of a boy, watching Daddy James soothe her with his kind words and gentle hands, watching her begging Daddy James to please love her only in secret because she didn't want her new siblings to hate and hurt her.
Sakura closed her eyes, tears burning within them, threatening to pour out with a vengeance. Her mind flashed back to that day-the day she nearly died.
* * *
Water! It was all around her, suffocating her, wanting to kill her.
Her body, small and weak, was washed about in the dangerous, angry whirlpool of water. She couldn't breathe. She couldn't control herself. She wanted to scream for help, but when she opened her mouth, water rushed in and suffocated her. She shook her head, tears burning in her eyes, her heart intense with pain.
She was scared. Her heart raced. Her body ached. And she knew she wouldn't last. She'd die soon. The water spirit would take her far, far away. She knew it would please her new brothers and sisters a lot.
She closed her eyes.
She was exhausted and couldn't fight the water anymore.
Then she stayed still. She felt her small body floating there in the deep ocean, her eyes half-closed. As she sank deeper to the bottomless pit, she glimpsed rays of light flickering beautifully from above. Then slowly-very slowly-she saw a small figure of a boy reaching his hand out for her, the azure eyes large with fear, and his small boyish face pale with dread.
"Sebastian!" she screamed within her mind. "Help me!" she begged, though no sound came out of her mouth.
She reached her hand out to him, but it was to no avail as he too began to struggle in the water. He was drowning. Just like her. He was drowning with her.
Why would he want to save her when he himself was struggling against the angry sea?
She was tired-so tired.
She closed her eyes and felt herself go.
* * *
Sakura fluttered her eyes open, and without her knowing it, tears flowed down her cheeks. She hadn't known she was crying.
Sebastian moved then, taking her into his arms. His lips were against her forehead, and before he could stop himself, he kissed her there, his firm lips warm against her skin.