
A Chance Encounter

It was beautiful, Sakura thought, as she gazed at the bright rainbows that formed from the crystal chandelier by the window as sunlight shone on it, causing it to sparkling everywhere in her bedroom. She reached her hand out in midair as if to catch them. The prisms of colors appeared on her pale skin instead.
"Another beautiful spring day," she said softly.
She turned her face to her right to look at the alarm clock on her bedside table and noted that it was half past eight in the morning. Suddenly, her stomached flipped.
Today was the day that she'd get to see her mother, the woman named Haruka Tanaka, the woman who worked as an assistant to the famous Japanese designer Mr. Tachibana. The thought made her smile. Finally, after one full year of searching and waiting, she was able to meet her.
Toby, her West Highland white terrier dog, nestled his head into her arms, seeking for attention. She laughed.
"Good morning, Toby. I'm sorry I won't be home until late this evening, all right? I have important business to attend to. And don't you be naughty and bother Ned too much, all right?"
The dog cocked his head to one side and gave out a friendly bark. She stroked his head fondly. Toby stuck his tongue out and licked her. Sakura chuckled. "That tickles!"
A moment later, after she had given her beloved dog his deserved attention, she got up and went into the adjoining bathroom to shower. After she had finished, her person still dripping wet and wrapped in the thick, fluffy white towel, she stared at herself in the mirror.
The Sakura Tanaka gazing back at her now looked nothing like the Sakura Princeton one year ago. This Sakura had hair the color of dust corn and eyes so deep and dark a brown that one could almost call it black. The shape of her face, too, had changed dramatically. It was slimmer and more defined, marking her maturity. Her lips, however, were still as red and as plump as ever.
Slowly, she put on the contact lenses. She knew people thought her a bit weird to wear two different colors contacts, but she didn't care because she had her own reasons for doing so. One was because they hid her eyes, and therefore her emotion and her-as in who she was-from the world. The other was more personal. The two colors represented the two men she loved dearly; the two men she couldn't have in her life.
Her left eye was an azure-blue color, which represented the summer and the day, just like the man she loved, Sebastian Princeton. He was her day, he was her light, and he had always been there to protect her. The other was a mauve-grey color, which represent the winter and the night, just like Darcy Princeton, the other man she loved. He was like the moon to her, shinning so bright when night came, showing her the way through life in the dark, secretly giving her support and love she so cherished.
Her heart ached at the thought of them, at the thought of their loves for her. But she could never accept their love because in doing so she would be shellfish. She was not worthy of their love. In so far, she had only brought them heartache and sorrow. And she never, ever wanted that for them.
Casting the thought of the two men aside, she quickly got dressed in her powdered peach color pleated maxi skirt and lace embroidered blouse of a similar color. Then she put on her make-up. A few moments later, she gazed at herself; her lashes were long and dark, her cheeks had a tint of peachy blush and her lips were rosy. She was ready.
She came back into her bedroom, walked pass the window toward the antique mahogany chest of drawers, and retrieved a pair of peach gem stone earrings. She was just finished putting the earrings on when she heard loud beeps from outside the window. Curious, she took a few steps back and had a peek. She saw the sleek black Ferrari speeding off.