
Sebastian's heart burst with happiness. His hands were shaking as he cupped her face. Then slowly he kissed her again and again. He tenderly kissed her forehead, her nose, her pale cheek, her chin, and then he passionately and wildly kissed her lips.
When he was finally done kissing her, Sakura laid her head on his chest and closed her eyes, clinging onto him, never wanting to let him go, knowing very well that this would be the last time she'd feel his warm embrace and smell his earthy scent. Eventually she slept in his arms.
Sebastian stayed with her until well past midnight, embracing her in his arms, thanking God that she was saved. Then, of course, he had to leave because the nurse begged him to.
When Sakura woke the next morning, she was surrounded with people. Daddy James and Mom Brenda were sitting on one side of the room. Nicolas was leaning against the window, Tristan and Logan at the end of her bed, Sebastian and Hayden on her left, and Conrad on her right.
She licked her lips and tried to get up. Conrad was fast. He stopped her by putting his hand on her shoulders, telling her to lie back.
"Don't move. You're not well yet," he said. Then he hugged her really tight, a worried expression on his face. "I was so worried last night, but stupid Sebastian wouldn't let me stay with you. You scared the shit out of me, falling off that cliff."
"Oi, lie down, puppy boy," Tristan said teasingly. "You're suffocating poor Sakura."
Conrad frowned at his brother but did move back to give Sakura some breathing space.
Nicolas said, "How are you feeling, Sakura?"
Sakura managed to give him a weak smile, nodding her head to tell him she was fine.
Logan cleared his throat and then said, "You really put up a good fight against that sea there, Sakura. I'm impressed."
A frown formed on Sakura's pale face.
Tristan elbowed his brother, telling him it wasn't appropriate to mention the incident.
"Kate?" Sakura asked softly.
The brothers looked at one another. "Kate has been taken into custody for questioning."
"What's going to happen to her?" Sakura couldn't help asking.
"She's being investigated for attempted murder," James said, his eyes dark.
Sakura could feel the pain radiating from his voice, and her heart ached in response. "You're tired. You should rest," Brenda said, stroking back her hair.
Sakura nodded in agreement. Then Brenda shooed all her sons out, who finally left after putting up a big fight. Brenda kissed her on her forehead gently. "Get well soon."
Sakura nodded, and then before Brenda went, she said, "Mom?"
"Yes, sweetheart?" Brenda raised her brows.
Sakura said slowly, her eyes on the older woman's face, "I love you and thank you so much for everything."
Brenda cocked her head to one side, confused as to why Sakura would say those words to her all of a sudden. She replied, "My pleasure."
Sakura watched her adopted mother go, tears brewing in her eyes, her heart aching, knowing very well this would be the last time she'd see the woman for a long while. Finally, she turned her attention to James-Daddy James.
He took her hand in both of his and brought it up to his forehead. "I'm sorry," he said in anguish.