
Sakura closed her eyes and felt weak and warm inside. Her whole body was trembling with reaction. She hadn't thought about that day for so long.
When Sebastian took a step back, she tried to breathe normally but found it rather difficult. It was even more difficult to control her mind. She tried, honest to God, she really tried not to think about that day. She needed to clear her mind. She needed to get away.
So instead of accepting his apology and confirming his peace offering by saying either a thank-you or cool, let's begin anew, she muttered, "Good night," under her breath and practically ran from him, her whole body shaking.
Sebastian watched her go, wondering if he'd done the right thing by apologizing to her and, God, of all things, kissing her. But surely-hopefully-she understood that it was a brotherly kiss and meant nothing other than that. He'd made sure he kissed her forehead and not her lips as he wanted to, which was of course very tempting indeed.
He stayed there a few more minutes, taking in the beautiful scenery before him and uttering the name "Sakura" under his breath, cherishing it and loving the sound of it between his lips.
When he got back to his room, four of his brothers-Nicolas, Tristan, Logan, and Conrad-were there waiting for him, ready to pound on him. He didn't know what the hell they were there for. In fact, he pretty much didn't care and wanted to shoo them all out.
"What were you doing with Sakura by the pond?" Conrad growled at him.
Sebastian had no idea they'd seen him from the house. Then again, it didn't surprise him because he himself had seen Sakura from his bedroom window.
"Well?" Conrad probed.
Sebastian realized he had to explain himself to his brothers. He didn't know that they were really interested in what he was doing, or more importantly he didn't know that any of them were interested in Sakura. And now here he was, competing with these really big, bad, handsome wolves to get the girl.
Sebastian sighed and went to crash himself on the sofa near the hearth.
"Well?" Logan asked, folding his arms across his chest.
"You hugged her, didn't you?" Tristan scolded darkly.
"I apologized to her," Sebastian said.
"What the hell for?" Conrad shouted.
Sebastian didn't bother to explain to young Conrad that it was because of what had happened back in their childhood days. The other brothers, however, understood perfectly.
"Then I should go and apologize as well," Tristan said. "I was awful to her."
Nicolas came to put his arm around his brother's shoulder. "I am too partly to blame. As the eldest brother, I should have done something, but instead I stood by and ignored the whole thing."
"That means all of us have hurt her in some way. There's no denying that," Logan said. "I was utterly cold toward her."
Conrad had enough. "What the hell are you talking about?"
"Sakura!" the brothers said in unison.
"Well." Conrad folded his arms across his chest. "If everyone of you hurt her and wants to apologize, why the hell didn't you do something about it?"
"Like what?" Logan asked.
"Like, I don't know," Conrad muttered. "If it were me, I'd take her shopping. Girls like shopping, right? And presents." Then he cocked his head to one side. "Shoes? Bags? Clothes?"