

Sakura got up early the next morning before Ned was off to the airport heading for Los Angeles. She made him some coffee and toast, which they had together. At exactly six o'clock, Ned picked his small backpack and headed out the door.
"Have a good trip," she shouted across the corridor.
Ned said over his shoulder, "Don't get into any more mess while I'm gone."
Sakura laughed. "What mess?" This was followed by a chuckle. A while later, she heard the door shut.
Alone, she looked down at Toby who was snuggling comfortably on the chair in the corner of the kitchen. She slowly sipped the hot coffee as she pondered about her sudden move in residence. From what she had seen yesterday, Lady Haruka's apartment was absolutely beautiful. There was no doubt about that. It was exactly to her taste. She thought that if she were to have her own apartment in the future, that was if she had money, she'd design it exactly like how Lady Haruka had designed it.
She took another sip of the coffee when she heard her phone rang. She placed the mug down on the table and raced out the kitchen door. She came into her bedroom, picked up the phone that was sitting on her bedside table and said, "Hello?"
"Sakura?"
Sakura heard the voice and instantly smiled. "Mary!" Then she laughed. "My God, are you back from Europe?"
"Yes, my dear friend, I'm back from Europe a week ago."
"How come you didn't tell me?" Sakura threw herself onto the bed as she stared up at the chandelier. "How's the morning sickness going?"
"The morning sickness is gone, and I swear, Sakura, I look and feel like a bloody balloon. Peter said I look beautiful when I asked him. He lied. That bastard husband of mine."
Sakura laughed. "Of course you are beautiful to him, Mary. It doesn't matter that you are literally carry another human life in your belly and that you look and feel like a balloon."
Sakura smiled when she heard her friend laugh loudly from the other side of the line.
"Oh, Sakura. I do miss you. I just wish you'd tell me where you're staying so we can come visit you."
Sakura sighed, tears suddenly brewing in her eyes. "I'm sorry, Mary, for being such bitch." She wiped the damn thing away with the back of her hand and sniffed a little.
"Sakura, you're not a bitch. Things happen. I just wish you'd trust me a little more. I already told you I won't tell the brothers if they ask. I mean I have been keeping it a secret for like nine months now. You know, Uncle James and Aunt Brenda are just heartbroken about you leaving them."
Sakura felt her heart constricted at the mentioning of her adopted parents. She closed her eyes and took a shaky breath. The imagines of them back at the hotel on Saturday night really undid her. She felt weak as once again the sight of their shock face appeared in her mind's eye.
She changed the subject. "How was Europe?"
"Awesome!" Mary replied. "You have to do it, Sakura. Go to Europe, I mean."
"Yes, I have plan for that," she said. "That is when I got enough saving. I'm little more than broke at the moment."
"What do you mean?"
"You wouldn't believe me if I tell you."
Mary laughed and said, "Try me."
Sakura did. She told her best friend everything that had happened on Saturday night.