
"That's enough!"
Tristan and Logan pulled back and frowned at their younger brothers.
"What? Jealous 'cause you couldn't kiss our sweet sister?" Tristan chuckled. He came over and slapped Sebastian on the shoulder. "Get over it, Seb boy. She's not into you."
Logan chuckled then. "She's not into you either, my boy," he said to Darcy, who only frowned at him. Tristan and Logan walked away, chuckling merrily.
Sakura felt her heart thundering within her chest as the two brothers watched her intently. She took a deep breath and then walked past them toward Patrick. "May I have my camera back, please?"
"Of course," the photographer said.
"Thanks," she said and started walking away.
"Oh wait, photos," Patrick shouted. "You guys are siblings, aren't you? Now then, let's have some very good photos."
"No, that's fine," Sakura said, shaking her head furiously.
Sebastian grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her to him, causing her to tumble in her very high heels. "Take the photos," he said to the photographer.
He placed his arms about her waist, pulling her even closer to him as the camera clicked and clicked and clicked. Sakura felt her heart beating faster and faster within her chest, and her body began to go a bit crazy with him being so close to her. When she thought this wasn't going to get any worse, Darcy suddenly walked to them, caught her wrist, and pulled her to him, leaving Sebastian standing there alone.
He placed her so she was slightly in front of him. Then he wrapped one hand around her waist. He was so close that she could smell him. She could smell her Darce.
"Take our photos," Darcy said.
The photographer chuckled. "You two look good together."
Sakura blushed. Darcy smiled. Sebastian scowled.
The photographer continued to take picture after picture after picture. Then Sebastian couldn't stand it anymore. He pulled Sakura from Darcy. The two brothers stood staring at each other, their eyes intense as if they were about to have a showdown.
What were they doing? Were they turning against each other because of her? At that realization, her stomach flipped uncomfortably.
The photographer laughed. "All three together, then," he said. "You three look great." Then he went click, click, click. "Stand in the middle, miss," he said to Sakura.
When Sakura didn't move, he came over and guided her. When he returned to his position, Sakura was standing in the middle with the two brothers on either side of her. Then he continued to take more photos.
"My, my." Mary, the newly wedded bride, appeared behind the photographer. "You three do look good together." Then she laughed. "Now then, sorry to interrupt, but I must steal my precious Sakura away for a wee moment." That said, she grabbed Sakura by the arm and took her away.
The brothers watched her go, their faces stone cold.
Sakura was only too glad to be taken away because, my God, how she could feel the tension between the two brothers.
"What was all that about?" Mary asked a few moments later once they were in her bedroom.
"What?" Sakura asked, confused, watching Mary searching for something in her huge closet.