
Sakura's breathing suddenly became short and fast. She was lost in a different world as she continued to stare at the poster.
Suddenly, the door opened and Sakura gasped in fright, twisting herself around to witness Darcy coming in.
Oh, God!
Darcy could only stare in shocked surprise to see his adopted sister in his bedroom. His heart began to thump so loud in his chest, like an African drum beating under the moonlight. He gazed at her, taking in the wild hair, the soft skin, the bare legs, and the bright eyes. Holy shit! She is hot. There were butterflies within the pit of his stomach and his body was trembling with longing.
They continued to stare at each other in silence, totally surprised and totally lost as to what to do.
"Is he in?" Conrad's voice traveled to them from outside the bedroom door. Then a triple knock followed.
Sakura gasped. She realized Conrad was about to come in.
"He's not in," they heard Hayden mutter. "And why do you want to see Darcy's new project? He's still working on it."
"Just want a peek," Conrad said. "You did say he printed out some of the artwork, didn't you? And you did approve him to continue, so I want to see since I'm going to be your beta tester. Besides, it was your bloody fault. If you hadn't told me there was a character that looks exactly like me, then I wouldn't have been so curious."
Suddenly the doorknob wriggled.
Darcy took action. He grabbed the surprised Sakura by the arm and pulled her along with him toward the walk-in closet. He shoved the door open and hastily nudged her in.
Sakura gasped when she found him in the closet with her. Then she watched him hastily close the door behind him. She tried to breathe normally, but it was so difficult with him literally squishing her against the wall. Oh God! She could feel him-the whole length of his person against her-his long, muscular legs, his firm chest, his chin on the top of her head, his warm breath on her, and yes, even that private part of his as well. She blushed in the darkness and nibbled her lower lip with nervousness.
Darcy too felt her-all of her-against him, and it brought forward a wonderful pleasure in his being. He gazed down at her in the darkness, wanting to do more to her than he was allowed. Oh, God! She was so soft against him, and her subtle breasts were squished up against his muscular chest. Shit!
"Darcy?" Conrad's voice came through to them. A moment later, "He's not in." They heard the brothers coming into the room, their feet loud on the floor. Then they heard Hayden's voice saying, "He's probably at the pool, fantasizing about his characters again."
Conrad laughed. "That means we have plenty of time to sneak around."
Sakura felt Darcy's body stiffen. She wanted to laugh at Conrad's words. It was so like him to do just that, poking around his brother's room. She also knew Darcy didn't like people searching his private stuff and wondered if he was pissed with Conrad. She tried to see what his reaction was by lifting her head to sneak a peek at him. Instead, however, her head bumped against his chin. She gasped and automatically touched his face. "So sorry," she whispered, her warm breath tingling his skin.
"I can't find it!" Conrad announced loudly.
"It might be in the closet." Hayden suggested.