
Tara blinked in confusion. She cocked her head to one side, wondering why she had the sudden feeling that every one of the brothers was ignoring her. She watched Sebastian walking away, his face impassive.
* * *
Sakura collapsed onto her bed once she got into her room. She sighed in exhaustion and could still feel her body trembling from the encounter.
Oh, God! She couldn't believe she'd just stood up to Tara. She just couldn't believe it. She knew she was no longer afraid of people, of what they thought of her, or of her displeasing them. But to see Tara again right in the face and fighting with words with her was truly an experience.
She touched her chest, feeling the hard thumping of her beating heart. Toby barked to get her attention. She sat up and leaned to face him up close. "So," she said, "you don't like her much, do you?"
"Woof," was Toby's reply.
"Hum, thought so," she said, nodding. Then she cocked her head to one side. "Tara!"
Toby barked aggressively and growled.
"Alaina!"
Again, Toby barked aggressively and growled.
Sakura had to laugh. "Good boy." And then to test the little dog even further, she said, "Nicolas!"
Toby gave her a friendly bark and then stuck his tongue out.
"Huh?" She cocked her head to the other side, confused. "Sebastian!"
Woof! Woof! Followed by tongue stuck out, and he licked her cheek.
"Conrad!"
Woof! Woof! Followed by a roll over and little legs wiggling in midair.
"Darcy."
Toby rolled over, sat up straight, and gave her the wettest lick on her cheek ever.
"Ew!" Sakura laughed and rubbed his tummy. "You're weird today." When she noted that the dog had enough tickling, she got up and said, "Right, I'm going to change out of this stupid dress. And you, mister..." She patted his head. "Stay out of trouble and stay away from Tara and Alaina. Understand?"
Toby gave her an understanding bark.
"Good," she said as she got off the bed and headed toward the bathroom.
Woof! Toby gave her another bark to get her attention. She turned to him and saw he was gazing at the door.
"All right," she said, unlocking the door and leaving it slightly ajar. "I'll leave the door open for you, but make sure you don't go and annoy Tara and Alaina, okay? You know they don't like you."
The dog barked again.
"All right," she said.
The dog ran over to his basket and made himself comfortable, afterward closing his eyes. Sakura headed into the bathroom, filled the tub with warm water, and poured in some lavender essential oil to help calm her nerves and relax her tense muscles. Then, after stripping herself naked, she hopped into the tub and thoroughly enjoyed her long bath, nearly dozing off at times. It was a while later when she realized she had to get out because it was getting dark and dinner was just around the corner. She didn't want to be late for dinner, and Daddy James might think she was avoiding her adopted brothers once again.
She put on a pair of black skinny jeans and a simple white T-shirt. After moisturizing her face with night cream and blow-drying her hair, she headed out, wondering where Toby could have gone off to since he wasn't in his basket. She was pretty sure he hadn't gone far because she could hear him barking quite clearly within the house.