
A Tormented Love

"You're frowning," Ned Fabre said from across the room. "It doesn't become you. Stop frowning."
From across the studio, Sakura glanced at the man who had been like a second father to her. She saw that he wasn't actually looking at her. He was concentrating on his painting. She knew he was teasing her because he had a smile on his wrinkled face as he concentrated on his work, moving the paintbrush ever so gently as if he were caressing the canvas with each stroke.
"How did you know I was frowning when you're not even looking?" she asked, returning her eyes to her canvas. She cocked her head to one side, wondering if she had overdone the green leaves.
"I can tell when you're frowning," he said, carefully moving the tiny brush downward. Ah, the rose looks perfect now, he thought with a smile.
"Really?" Sakura asked, eyeing the photo she'd clipped to the side of the canvas. It was of the cherry tree she had taken that day before she met the brothers. She picked this particular picture because the tree stood alone with petals floating across in the wind, and in the distance, there were hills and beyond that the sea of the island. It was perfect for her painting.
Ned put down his brush and folded his arms across his chest, finally eyeing her. "So what's bothering you?"
Sakura flicked her eyes to him, taking in his silvery-gray hair, thin face, and slight frame. He was completely different from Beth considering the fact that they were siblings. Their personalities, too, were completely different. Beth was the outgoing one with a no-nonsense attitude while Ned was the laidback one, very quiet and preferring to stay in the background.
Sakura had met him when she first moved into Princeton Mansion, and since then, he had become a very good friend of hers, treating her like his very own daughter and teaching her how to draw and paint. He had said that first day in the garden that painting was like meditation. It calms you down and makes you forget about the world. He had been right. When Sakura painted, she forgot about the world, so consumed she was with her work. Then when it was finished, it was like seeing her baby coming to life for the first time. She felt proud. That was why she loved to paint now.
"Nothing is bothering me," she said, gently stroking the paintbrush against the white sheet, making another tiny green leaf.
"You're lying," Ned said. "I can tell it in your voice."
Sakura chuckled. "It's hard to hide anything from you, Ned dear."
"You're mocking me, Sakura. I've known you since you were a wee girl, hiding behind the house crying your wee heart out 'cause Tara hit you and the boys wouldn't play with you. Why you didn't tell James is beyond me. But you know as well as I that he knew what was going on. Otherwise, he wouldn't have sent you so far away to that bloody boarding school."
Sakura chuckled again. "Did you miss me that much, Ned dear?"
"Bloody well I did, young missy, and bloody worried about you, too. Who's to say you don't get bullied again, even though that little brat Tara wasn't there with you."
"Well, I'm glad Daddy James sent me away to boarding school. I met my two best friends, Mary and Katherine," Sakura said. "They're very nice to me."
Ned got off his chair and went to a desk on the other side of the large studio. He took out some paper and came back to her. "Let's just hope Tara and Alaina don't go whispering nasty things about you and turn their heads against you."
Sakura frowned at that. "That won't happen."