
* * * * *

Darcy wondered if he had somehow turned into a stalker as he gazed at the painting of the cherry blossom tree he had brought from the Tanaka Gallery, from his dearest Sakura. Every day for two weeks now, he had parked the car on the opposite side of the gallery, staring at it, hoping to get a glimpsed of Sakura herself. He did see her a few times, busy doing this and that. Every time he saw her, he desperately wanted to walk up to her and pull her into his arms. And of course, kiss her until she was breathless. He even imagined himself doing that. But he was a coward and so resigned to just sitting there, watching her from the distance.
Now he lifted his fingers to caress the canvas once again, stroking the line of the pink cherry blossom, imagined him caressing the painter herself.
"Sakura sweet heart, when will you let us back into your life?" he said under his breath.
He was ready. He knew that if he were to see her again, he was ready to march right up to her and take her in to his arms and never again let go.
His cell phone range, and Darcy sighed in annoyance. He reluctantly turned away from the painting and headed to the coffee table where his cell phone, as well as his laptop and drawing material, resided.
Picking it up to his ear, he said, "Hayden?"
"Emergency, bro," came Hayden's voice. "We found Toby. And Sakura is coming."
"What?"
"Shit, man. Sakura has been living with Lady Haruka and Sosuke for the past two week, right under our roof. Bro, are you coming or what?"
Darcy found himself tense from head to toe as the news sunk in. "Yeah. I'm coming. I'm coming," he shouted, grabbing the keys and wallet. "Why is she living with Lady Haruka?" he asked as he raced out the door and then down the stairs.
"No idea. Tristan just phone Sebastian and he's on his way as well."
"What about Mom and Dad?"
"Yeah, Nicolas is currently talking to them. I have a feeling this is it, man! This is it!"
Outside, Darcy clicked on the automatic button on his keys and then slid into the car. "I'll be there soon."
"Yeah, sure." A long pause and then. "Darcy? Drive safely, bro, and don't do anything stupid."
Darcy took a deep breath and said, "Hayden, thanks. But I'm not planning on doing anything stupid except for keeping Sakura from running away again."
Hayden laughed. "Yeah well, that's what we're all trying to do."
"Right, bye for now," Darcy said and hung up. He put the gear on reverse and then moved out of the parking lot.
"Sakura sweet heart, I won't let you run again this time," he said as he sped the car along the street.