
Sakura felt rather nervous and hastily tightened her arms about his waist. Hayden secretly smiled behind his helmet, pleased with their close contact.
"Hold on tight," he said and started the engine. After engaging the accelerator a few times to get the mood going, he released the break and they were off.
Sakura gritted her teeth the faster they went and her arms tightened even more around Hayden's waist. Once they were on the highway and had the road to themselves, Hayden glanced behind him and saw that Sakura was resting her head against his back. He liked that. He liked that very much. It brought back memories-both happy and painful memories.
A few minutes later, he pressed his foot on the brake, causing the motorbike to come to a complete halt in the middle of the road. Sakura stiffened and wondered why he'd stopped all of a sudden.
Hayden switched off the engine and took off his helmet. He turned around, and without her consent, pulled her helmet off as well. Sakura blinked. Hayden couldn't help but notice just how pretty she was with her hair a wild mess and her face flushed red. He cleared his throat and asked, "Do you want to try?"
Sakura cocked her head to one side, wondering what he was talking about. "Try what?"
"Driving," he replied. He stood up and, without further ado, made her sit in front of him and told her to start the engine.
"I'm wearing a dress, Hayden," she protested. "And I've never driven a motorbike before."
"It's okay." He chuckled. "I'll teach you. Here, turn this on and voilà!"
The motorbike hummed, and Sakura was rather pleased, feeling a certain type of thrill rushing through her body.
Soon after, with his help guiding her from behind, she was driving the motorbike very slowly along the road. She was having fun and laughed out merrily. Hayden smiled, his eyes twinkling.
It was a while later, just when she'd gotten used to the speed and the wind fluttering against her face, that she hastily stepped on the brake before she had the chance to crash into what was clearly a holdup in the middle of the road.
Sakura pulled off her helmet and couldn't help but marvel at the sight she beheld before her. The brothers looked like they were posing for a Calvin Klein photo shoot-in the middle of the road and in the middle of nowhere.
Conrad was standing on the roof of the SUV as if he'd just conquered Mount Everest. Tristan was half-reclining on the hood of the car. Darcy was posing very nicely to the side near the front of the car. Sebastian was resting his weight against the car, his hands in the pockets of his jeans.
The moment she stopped, they made a move. Sebastian was scowling again. She wondered if he would ever stop scowling at her. Tristan slid off his rather comfortable recliner, and Conrad jumped down from the roof of the car.
"Did you have fun?" Sebastian asked.
Sakura couldn't believe that was the first thing he'd say to her. She blinked, and just to piss him off, she smiled at him sweetly. "Yes. It was fun. Hayden taught me how to drive his motorbike. Why are you guys in the middle of the road?"
"Waiting for you," he said, wrapping his hand around her arm.
Hayden took off his helmet and chuckled. "You guys couldn't stay away, could you? Whose idea was that?"