
Sakura woke at quarter to five the next morning. Usually, she wouldn't be up until the next hour or so, but this morning, she was alert. She turned on her side and tried to go back to sleep, but found that she couldn't. Her mind, to its own accord, was drifting off toward the Princeton brothers. She wondered if Luke had already told them about her and her life, that she own the Tanaka Gallery in Soho and that she was an artist. She wondered if they had been there to check the place out. Luckily though, she had already relocated, so any opportunity to meet her there was absolutely zero.
Again, the image of Sebastian and Darcy came into her mind, and she groaned, her heart fluttering within her chest.
"Stop thinking about them," she muttered under her breath.
She tossed and then she turned, and when she finally couldn't stand it anymore, she got up and out of the bed.
"I'm going for a swim," she said, nodding her head.
Some ten minutes later, now in her navy blue bikini that fitted her slim, fit body to perfection, she walked toward the pool. Luckily it was still very early in the morning, so she had the whole place to herself. She was actually very pleased with that.
This time round, there was no worry of her drowning like that accident one year ago back in St. Joseph Island. Since then, Sakura had learnt, with a lot of determination and hard work of course, how to swim. One could say that she was like a mermaid now, so comfortable she was in water.
With her long hair down her back, her eyes closed, and a smile on her face, she stood by the edge of the pool. Then she took a deep breath and dived in, her body delicate and smooth, gliding into the water like a fish. She was elegant as she was sailing her perfect figure through the see through liquid. Slowly, she came up to the surface to take a quick breath, and then she dipped her head in again as she stroked her arms in a wide arc. She swam around for a couple of laps, and once she had enough, she stop and allowed herself to just float there, like a petal of cherry blossom on top of the water. She gazed up at the ceiling, at the beautiful prism of blue and white dancing and flickering. She laughed, and suddenly, the scene reminded her of that time when she had been floating in a pool back at Princeton Mansion a year ago. She remembered Sebastian diving from atop the platform, his strong, powerful body sliding into the water cleanly. She remembered him kissing her in the pool, his lips hot and tongue eager to taste her as he squeezed her against him.
A delicious quiver formed in her stomach, and she licked her lips. Suddenly, she graved for him to kiss her again, his tongue licking her lips and stroking the inner lining of her mouth.
Immediately, she told herself to stop. She closed her eyes and dipped herself deep under water. Then she came back up and swam to the other side of the pool. She pulled herself out and then walked round to the other side again.
"Stop thinking about him," she whispered under her breath. And then she dived in, her body once again slipping into the water cleanly.
* * * * *

Like clockwork, Sebastian found himself awake and ready for action by five that morning. His body screamed at him, informing him that he need to exercise, needed to swim, since he hadn't done it for a few days now.
He got out of bed and, in minutes, he was ready. He was just passing the kitchen when he saw Darcy hovering around the refrigerator.
"What are you doing?" Sebastian asked his brother.
"I need a drink," Darcy replied. "Going down to swim?"
"Yeah." Sebastian nodded. "See you there?"