
"Shouldn't you be thanking your brothers for that?" James asked Sakura, a cheeky smile on his face.
The brothers blinked, and then Darcy said, none too quietly, "What?"
"Brothers?" Sebastian shouted.
"We're her brothers?" Hayden asked in disbelief, pointing a finger at Sakura. It had to be a joke-a very big, fat joke that none of them liked.
James cocked his head to one side-a gesture they all knew very well that meant he was disappointed and was indeed very serious with the whole situation. He glanced from one of his sons to the other, his eyes sharp as he said, "Don't tell me you forgot Sakura? Shocking. Most shocking. Your own adopted sister."
A long silence followed. Sakura knew James was doing this on purpose. She knew he knew the brothers didn't remember her. She knew he knew she didn't want to meet them again. She knew he took pleasure in shocking his seven sons by introducing her to them with such weird timing.
She gritted her teeth and said, "Toby! Come here. You're in trouble, young man."
Toby jumped out of Tristan's arms, trotted to her, and rubbed his head against her legs to say he was sorry. She bent down to pick him up. The view was too enticing not to notice and the brothers simply stared at her-enchanted.
James noticed his sons staring and coughed loudly to bring them back to Earth.
"I'm going back in," Sakura said, turning around.
"No, you're not." James held her by the shoulder, rather a bit too firmly for her liking, to prevent her from escaping. "Have breakfast with your brothers." He emphasized the word brothers again.
"I've had mine, thanks," Sakura replied, desperate to get out.
James was having none of it and made her sit in the empty chair between Nicolas and Logan. Then he left to get more food, muttering to himself he really needed another cup of coffee because one wasn't enough, and a certain person refused to offer him another, as too much was bad for his health.
Sakura heard him and said loudly, "Too much caffeine isn't good for you, Daddy James."
James secretly smiled. Ah! Just the exact response he needed. Once at the door, he had a quick glance at his seven sons and saw the sour expressions on their faces. Ah! Yet another satisfying response. Daddy James, indeed.
Sakura placed Toby on her lap in front of her as if to form some sort of barrier between her and the brothers. Logan reached out to pet the dog. Sakura got very annoyed when Toby rubbed his head against the handsome man's palm and then even moved from her lap onto Logan's to sit. Not a moment later, the dog began to enjoy some of Logan's delicious bacon.
"Toby, behave yourself. No more bacon, all right?" She lectured. "Your cholesterol isn't too good at the moment."
Toby ignored her, and just when she thought she couldn't handle the brothers staring at her in silence any longer and was ready to leave this weird situation in the past, Sebastian said, "So you're Sally?"
Sakura gritted her teeth and her cheeks turned a becoming pink. "My name is Sakura. Pronounced Sa-ku-ra. It's a Japanese name meaning cherry blossom."
She thought she really needed to get that important information out for them to understand. She really did hate the name Sally. It rhymed with silly, after all. Yes, Sakura wasn't a "Silly Sally." Sakura was Sakura. Full stop!