
"Oh, and Katherine, Jim and Michael are coming as well," Brenda said. "I haven't seen Michael for ages. He's nine now."
At the mentioning of Michael, Conrad pulled his face. The little brat had been his competition for Sakura's attention as of last year. Hence, this year Conrad decided to play dirty if push comes to shove.
Hayden sighed. "And I supposed Richard will be coming as well?"
The brothers became serious all of a sudden at the mention of their cousin.
Brenda laughed when she saw the sour look on her sons' faces. "Yes, of course."  In which they all groaned in distaste.
Dinner went well after that, and the brothers offered to clean up the mess. James and Brenda left straight after dessert because it was getting rather late. Beth herself retired to her own room, claiming that she was tired after cooking and preparing the big meal, even though she had six pairs of helping hands. Of course she refused to let anyone know that it was because of seeing Sakura again that had shocked and drained her. Sakura's sudden disappearance had broken her heart, because she loved the young woman dearly. She had loved Sakura since the day the girl had moved into Princeton Mansion all those years ago, looking scared and lost and very alone.
In her room, Beth secretly prayed to God and thanked him for keeping Sakura safe and returned her to them. Then she added that she'd go to church more often if HE help Sakura find her biological mother as well.
Back in the kitchen, once Beth was gone, the brothers got down to it, helping each other cleaning up. Hayden was scrapping off the plates whilst Tristan did the rinsing. Conrad stood next to Tristan, putting the plates into the dishwater. Logan was clearing the table whilst Nicolas was wiping the benches. Sebastian and Darcy was busy gathering the pots and pans and bowls. And of course Toby was cozily asleep in the corner. When Sakura came in to see what was going on after she had escorted her adopted parents out, she laughed at the sight she beheld before her.
"What are you guys doing?" she asked, curious.
"Cleaning up," Hayden said. "We could use another pairs of hands."
Sakura couldn't turn down the offer, because really, with the way they were going, it'd take them ages. But that wasn't the problem. The problem was that she was sure Beth would scream in fright when she saw how messy her kitchen was once the brothers had finished cleaning the place up.
She headed straight to the sink and helped Tristan rinsing out the plates and told Conrad how to place the dishes right so that it'll get washed properly. Cheeky Tristan chose to stand behind her and helped rinse the dishes, with both hands over hers and his face leaning close beside her. Sakura glanced up and glared at him.
Darcy said, "You're invading, Tristan, move away to a safe distance before Sebastian and I give you a good bash to the face."
Tristan laughed. "All right. All right. I got it. She's taken, ah, by none other than my own brothers." He moved out of the way and opted to help Conrad placing the dishes in the dishwasher instead.
When they were nearly finished, Sebastian pulled Sakura away from the sink and said, "I'm taking Sakura back. You guys finish up."
Without as a by your leave, he led Sakura out the door, with Sakura barely able to say goodnight to the other brothers.
Darcy wasn't happy that Sebastian got to go with Sakura alone, but had decided to let them have some space. After all, despite both brothers loved Sakura dearly, ultimately it was up to Sakura to choose who she wanted to be with, and Darcy wasn't going to play dirty and force her to choose him. He wanted her to be happy and chose the man she truly love. Besides, Sebastian was a great guy, and Darcy loved and respected Sebastian as a brother. Winning Sakura's heart was a healthy competition between him and Sebastian, and Darcy knew that he'd get his chance with her soon enough. After all, that was what they had agreed upon this afternoon whilst Sakura had been sleeping. A healthy and fair competition between them, to win Sakura's heart.