
"You're injured," he said and headed up the stairs.
"You know you don't have to be nice to me just because you've hurt my feelings." She paused and frowned. "What I mean to say is you didn't hurt my feelings at all. I'm used to being rejected by you brothers. So you can put me down, and I'll walk to my room myself."
"Why don't you just be quiet?" He suggested. "Or you'll wake everyone up."
"You're being like Daddy James," she said and noticed that he frowned. Oops! She shouldn't have said that.
They came up to the second floor and met Sebastian, who was coming out of his room. He stiffened and his whole body went rigid.
Nicolas said, "She was in the library. Stupid girl." He headed straight to Sebastian and unceremoniously dumped Sakura on his brother. "Take her. I need that book." Then he headed back down.
Sakura bit her lip and wiggled her body. Sebastian tightened his grip on her.
"You can put me down now. I can walk," she said coldly.
He answered her by ignoring her and headed to her room. Once inside, he kicked the door shut and then put her into her bed. She quickly snuggled herself in between the sheets before he did it for her. He stood there, looking down at her from his great height, not saying a word. Suddenly, he moved himself toward her, and Sakura gasped in fright.
She still didn't relax as he tucked her in and puffed up the pillows for her. As he was doing that, he looked at her while she was staring up at him. Then she remembered something. The images flashed in her mind. That night after she'd drowned in the pool, Sebastian was in her room, wasn't he? He was comforting her, wasn't he? And Darcy as well? Yes, she remembered it now.
Sakura shut her eyes tight, trying to make the images go away, but they wouldn't, and in fact, they came even stronger.
She felt warm breath on her skin and flashed her eyes open. Sebastian's face was mere inches from hers, his nose nearly touching hers.
"What are you afraid of?" he asked.
"Nothing," she said, breathless all of a sudden. "Good night." She turned away, her heart pounding in her chest.
Sebastian moved back and watched her roll over so her back was to him. Reluctantly, he turned on his heel and headed out the door, switching off the light as he did so.
When he came out, he saw Darcy in the corridor watching him, his face a dark mask. "What were you doing in her room?"
"She was stupid enough to go to the library and couldn't get back to her room herself," was his reply, and then he went into his own room.
Darcy frowned and went back into his room too, his heart hammering in his chest.