
Haruka touched the pendant of the necklace about Sakura's neck and said, "That was mine. My very first jewel I designed myself. I left it for you. I... and the note. My daughter's name is Sakura." She caressed the girl's cheek with her thumb. "You were born in spring, Sakura. I remember that day so clearly, and I have never, ever forgotten it. I couldn't. It was such a beautiful spring day. And you were so beautiful. So tiny and pale and full of black hair. That morning I took the ferry to St. Joseph Island from New York. I sat there watching the cherry blossom and thought how beautiful it was. I remember the Sakura flower back home in Japan and thought it'd be a beautiful name for my daughter. So I named you Sakura. I walked along the street, wondering what I'd do with you. Then I saw the orphanage. And..." She tightened her arms on Sakura again and whimpered. "I'm so sorry. I should have never left you there. I should have taken you back to Japan with me."
Tears were blinding Sakura now as she stared at the woman before her. Her whole body was shaking when she whispered, "You're my mother?"
Haruka nodded. "The moment I saw you on the runway that day, Sakura, I knew you were my daughter. I just had to find a way to be with you. And well..." She glanced up at the brothers, who nodded and understood perfectly.
Sakura still couldn't believe it. She had spent the majority of her life praying and dreaming and searching for the woman who had given birth to her, and now, here she was. In fact, she had been living with the woman for almost three weeks, and yet, Sakura just couldn't believe it.
"You're my oka-san?" Sakura asked.
"Yes, I am, Sakura," Haruka said, hugging her tight. "I wanted to tell you so many times but I... I was afraid you'd reject me. I am a horrible mother, Sakura."
"No, you're not. You must have your reason," Sakura said.
The two stayed there, hugging each other tightly, mother and daughter at long last reunited. It wasn't until much later when everyone settled down after the shocking revelation relationship between Haruka and Sakura had completely sunk in that James drew everyone's attention to him.
"Sakura," he began, "The woman you've bumped into is Mrs. Margaret Byrd. Although she is going under the name Julie Clark now."
Sakura swallowed and nodded.
"As for Tara, we are unsure yet whether she knows about her mother being alive and has any connection with her."
"This is just unbelievable," Nicolas said. His brothers agreed, nodding their heads.
Haruka, who looked very concern about Sakura's wellbeing now, said, "Mrs. Byrd is the headmistress of the orphanage?"
"Yes," Brenda said.
Haruka turned to her daughter. "Sakura, I've sent you letters. Numerous of them. Didn't you receive any?"
Sakura frowned. "You sent me letters? No, I've never received letters from anybody."
Haruka looked confused. "Sakura, I've sent you countless letters and checks worth in hundreds of thousands with them. You didn't get any of those." At Sakura's shake of head, Haruka said in outrage, "This is unbelievable. I wanted to make you get the best of everything. I wrote letters to Mrs. Byrd and gave her instructions, Sakura. Those money were for you."
Sakura still shook her head. "I've never received anything."
James said, "I believe this needs further investigation."
"How much in total you did sent to Sakura?" Nicolas asked, being the one good with money management.