
She, however, couldn't say the same of her own bridesmaid's gown. Yes, the color was a beautiful pastel pink, and the silk material was so soft and smooth it was literally caressing her skin. The problem, however, was that the A-line silhouette gown didn't fit her. Period! It was far too big on her person.
"Sakura, did you lose weight?" Katherine asked, watching Sakura holding on to the material of the dress that was threatening to fall off her any moment now.
"I don't think so," she replied, gathering the material of the skirt and turning herself around to look at the full-length mirror. When she saw herself, she wanted to shriek in dismay. She looked like a little girl wearing her mother's dress.
"Are you sure you gave the designer the right measurement?" Mary asked, suspicious.
"I'm pretty sure," Sakura said. "Or maybe I didn't. Or maybe I did lose weight," she admitted. "Oh hell! What are we going to do? The wedding is only a week away."
"What else? Fix it!" Mary said. "Beth knows how to sew, doesn't she?" She came over to Sakura and pinched out the material in her hand so the dress sculpted perfectly about Sakura's slender body, showing off her hourglass shape. "Yes. Just a bit on the sides and you'll be fine."
Sakura nodded, understanding what her friend meant.
"You'll look great. No worries," Mary said. "Now then, shall we find our lovely Beth and see what magic she can do?"
Katherine chuckled. "You better take off your wedding dress before we go down."
"Yes, of course," Mary said.
Approximately fifteen minutes later and in her own bedroom, Sakura found herself being inspected by Beth's critical eyes. Mary and Katherine, on the other hand, left once again after informing her they had to help Brenda prepare dinner since Sakura had stolen Beth away from the kitchen. Sakura chuckled and said loudly before they closed the door, "Not my fault. Yours, Mary, yours!"
"Stop talking, missy," Beth muttered under her breath. "And stay still."
Sakura hid a smile as Beth pinched the silk material out from the side of her waist.
"What did I tell you?" She went on. "You never eat right. What with you missing lunch here and there. Now you've lost weight and who's to blame but yourself?"
"I didn't think I'd missed that many lunches," Sakura murmured.
Beth stood straight, her plump face sour. "It's all that Ned's fault. If he hadn't taught you how to draw and paint, then you wouldn't have become so obsessed and spent hours on them."
"I like my paintings, Beth," Sakura said. "And you do, too."
Beth scoffed. "Me? Don't you dare contradict me, missy. Now, my dear girl, you've got to fatten up. Otherwise, what man's going to ask you to marry him?"
Uh-ho! Here we go again.
"Mark is a good man," she continued. "He doesn't mind that you're a bit on the thin side. He hasn't proposed yet, has he?"
Sakura cocked her head to one side. "What makes you think he'd propose?"
Beth looked up to her. "You two are dating, aren't you?"
Sakura chuckled. "No, of course not."
She frowned. "I thought so."