
"No. No, he really likes you," Mary said adamantly. "He really does. Now get up and shower because I'm going to make you look pretty."
"I'll be fine. You should make yourself look pretty since you're going to be the center of attention soon."
"Jesus, woman, it's not my wedding yet. It's Laura's birthday party, Mr. Mayor's daughter, who's turning the ripe old age of eighteen. Besides, you don't want to embarrass the Princeton family. A lot of important people are coming."
"Oh crap! Important people, eh?" Sakura asked cheekily.
"Of course," Mary said. "Now shower!"
"All right. All right." Sakura chuckled. "I'm going to shower. Be back in a minute."
"Don't worry. Take your time," Mary said.
Ten minutes later, Sakura was back and Mary began blow-drying her long hair and then curled it.
"You know it's only a lunch thing," Sakura said. "And besides, we don't want to look prettier than the birthday girl, do we?"
"Of course not," Mary replied. "Just want you to look good for Mark." Then she silently added with a smile on her face, Good enough to eat.
Sakura chuckled. "It's a good thing I'm going." Of course she didn't hear the last bit.
"Right you are," Mary said, tossing back Sakura's long curls.
What Sakura really meant was that she didn't have to see the brothers again today after all, since the birthday party would probably last until late evening, and then after that, she'd make some excuses to go and stay in town for a few nights with Katherine. Her friend's husband, after all, was away to New York on his business trip and wouldn't be back until Friday, so it wouldn't be that inconvenient. And little Michael would just love to have her around.
Hmm? What kind of excuse, though? The café is short-handed and they need her help? Yes, that sounded rather good. That meant she'd have to give Katherine, her co-owner of the café, a call and tell her to play along.
Fifteen minutes later, she was done. Sakura looked at herself in the mirror one last time before heading out.
"You look amazing," Mary said. "Mark is so going to like you in that."
Sakura admitted she did look rather nice with her hair in big, loose curls, and the pretty lilac cotton and lace dress fit her body to perfection though she thought it showed a bit too much of her skin.
Mary cocked her head to one side as she studied Sakura's chest. "I can't believe I haven't noticed you have the most amazing breasts ever. Do you realize most celebrities would kill just to have those? I mean, they have to go under the knife at least three or four times to get them to that perfect."
Sakura chuckled. She wasn't really aware that her breasts were ever perfect. Her mind had always been too occupied with other interesting things.
"All right. Time to go down," Mary said, heading out the door, pulling Sakura along by the hand.
They both came into the kitchen, and Brenda greeted them with an, "Oh my! You girls look great."
"Morning," Sakura said, giving Brenda a peck on the cheek.
"Good morning, my sweet girls," Brenda said, hugging Sakura tightly. Then she moved over to hug Mary. "Don't you think she looks pretty?"
Mary nodded. "Mark," she whispered.