
Sakura replied a tentative 'yes'.
"Well, we've decided a vacation in Hawaii would be good for us, too," Brenda said.
"Mary?" Logan said. "Jesus! I haven't seen her for ages."
Tristan asked, "How is she?"
"Big," Brenda said, laughing. In fact, she hadn't been laughing for ages, since that day Sakura had disappeared. Her husband James noticed. He laughed too. Ah, he thought, he was good to laugh.
He said, "She is big, darling. But not as big as you were when you had Tristan, Logan, and Sebastian."
Brenda decided to glare at her beloved triplets, who at the moment was sitting scattering around the table and enjoying their meal tremendously. They had put her through hell for nine long months when they had been in her womb.
"I was a full blown balloon," she said. "And it was you three faults!"
Tristan laughed. "Don't blame me, Mother, blame those two!" He pointed his fork at Logan and Sebastian. "They pushed their way in. I had a right to be in your womb. Not them."
A roar of laughter ensued. Once the cheerful noise died down, Conrad asked, "Mary is coming to Hawaii. That's awesome. About time the whole family goes on a vacation together." Then he gave some more chicken to Toby, who enjoyed it tremendously.
"We were talking to Lady Suzuki," James said, eyeing Sakura pointedly. "She said you are one of the models for Mr. Tachibana's summer collection?" He also avoided mentioning the name Tara and Alainna who were casting models as well. He knew if those names were to come up, his sons would hit the roof. As of last year, he no longer consider Tara his adopted daughter. Her actions really upset him, and a Princeton would never do such as Tara had done. Alainna, on the other hand, he still had hope that she'd return to them. He still had hope that she'd see sense and realized Tara for who she was-a cunning, manipulating woman. Of course it was a good thing that Alainna was still in good term with Brenda, and eventually, Brenda would be able to make Alainna come back to them.
In response to James's question, Sakura took a sip of her white wine and then nodded.
James continued, "They were having a dilemma about shooting sites, apparently."
Nicolas chimed in. "I've already offered our resort as a possible site, Dad."
"Yes," James said. "But I was thinking of us, and I mean all of us." Again he looked at Sakura pointedly. "I want us to stay at the resort for a couple of weeks."
Sebastian said, "Sounds good." He looked at Sakura. "You'd like that, won't you?"
Yes, of course Sakura would like that. She had wanted a vacation for ages, but had never had the time for it. She had always been so busy setting up her gallery. Even now she thought that it wasn't the right time either, because of her weird situation. "But I have work with Lady Haruka," she explained.
"Ah," James said. "Don't worry, sweet heart. I've spoken with her. She's planning on staying there as well. I've invited her and her family."
"Really?" Sakura smiled, pleased. The radiant look on her face was contagious and it tugged deep not only in James's and Brenda's hearts, but the brothers' as well. After all, they thought that she really needed a vacation, and her spending time with them was the icing on the cake. They couldn't wait to get her out and about and doing all sorts of fun things.