
Princeton Brothers & The Wood Nymph

The brothers loved it. They absolutely loved the roast pork-and of course none of them choked. Tristan, Logan, and Hayden couldn't help chomping down the delicious, soft morsel and then grabbed for more.
"There's still dessert," Mary said from across the table, smiling.
"You'll have to visit home more often to get a proper feed, boys," Molly, their grandmother, said.
Hayden nodded his head, his mouth full.
"Or we could just take Beth with us." Darcy suggested.
James and Brenda glanced at each other, and Dale, the brothers' grandfather, laughed.
Beth cleared her throat and said, "Unfortunately, Master Darcy, I still wouldn't be able to cook you such nice roast because I wasn't the one who prepared that roast. Although, I sort of did, since the person responsible happened to be sick all of a sudden. But that was only via specific instructions."
"New chef, then?" Conrad put in. "Finally, we have decent food to eat. Not that yours isn't that good, Beth. Your baking is the best in the world. I especially love your chocolate brownies."
"Understandable, Master Conrad," Beth replied, hiding a smile.
"That roast pork was meant for Dale and Molly," Brenda said.
"Prepared by one of my favorite girls," Molly added.
"Who unfortunately couldn't join us," James muttered, frowning.
"Is she unwell?" Dale asked.
"Headache," Brenda said. "She'll be fine."
James's frown darkened. "Standard coffee again, I suppose, Beth?" he asked the housekeeper.
"I'm afraid so, Mr. Princeton," Beth replied.
James sighed in resignation at the answer. Sebastian and Nicolas glanced at each other, wondering who this new chef was and why their father was so against standard coffee.
James, on the other hand, blamed his seven sons for showing up three days early. If it weren't for them, he would be having his delicious coffee after dinner. He knew exactly why his adopted daughter Sakura refused to come down. It was because of his sons. He knew she'd never felt comfortable around them, and the brothers had never really acknowledged her as their sister as they had with Alaina and Tara. At first, he was afraid his judgment had been wrong, that he'd adopted a criminal into his house. But after months of trying with his gentle words and kind smile, little Sakura had come out of her shell one rainy night after she'd screamed in her sleep. Sebastian had alerted him, and he rushed to her bedroom to find her whimpering in the corner of the closet. It still broke his heart even now to think about that night.
"Do you really love me?" she had asked him, tears in her eyes.
Gently, he had drawn her into his arms and hugged her tight. "Of course I do," he said. "With all my heart."
She had looked up at him, her small lips quivering. As if he'd said the golden word itself, she'd tightened her small arms around him and cried her wee heart out. "Then you must only love me in secret," she said. "Please love them more. My new brothers and sisters, I mean. I do not want to see them get hurt because of me. I love you. You won't kick me out, will you? Please, I didn't burn the orphanage down. I really didn't. I didn't kill Mrs. Byrd. I really didn't."
"I know. I know," he'd said, rocking her in his arms. "I won't let you go. You're my daughter now."