
Sakura, The Lonely Flower

Sakura Princeton stroked the strands of her long tresses away from her face. The glossy locks refused to obey her and fell back in place. She muttered under her breath and tossed them back, bunching up the curls and letting them fall to one side of her slender shoulder. Then she turned just so to the right to get into a good position, lifted the camera up to her eyes, and when she thought the lighting was as good as it was going to get, she clicked on the record button. Click! Click! Click! Click!
Just then a gust of wind blew, loosening her hair and fluttering it about. She, however, paid no heed to this as she was too consumed with what she was doing.
It's perfect! Just what she needed. Countless cherry blossom petals were flying all around her like rain. Click! Click! Click! Click!
It was so beautiful, wildflowers and cherry blossoms in the woods giving out myriads of colors. It'd be perfect for her painting. She took a step back in order to take in the whole picture-cherry blossoms, leaves, trees, and wildflowers in the background. Then click, click, click, click. Once she thought she'd taken enough photos, she lowered the camera and smiled with satisfaction.
"You're going to be my bestseller this week," she said, tapping her finger on the petal. "And I thank you for that." Then she imagined the digits increasing in her bank account-and yes, that also meant her plan to go overseas was getting closer to reality too.
She turned to pick up her bag, tossed it over her shoulder, and headed back toward the road as she hummed to herself.
Woof! Woof! Woof!
Sakura felt something soft grazing against her legs. She glanced down and saw a cute dog with fluffy white fur and large black eyes watching her, begging for her attention. The West Highland white terrier barked her a happy greeting.
"Where have you been, Toby?" she greeted back. "I told you not to go too far. You might get lost. What if I couldn't find you? What would you do then? You'd become an orphan."
Sakura knew exactly what it was like to be an orphan. It was a most terrible feeling to have no one to share your love, your fear, your happiness, or your experiences. It was a lonely existence, and no one deserved that.
"You wouldn't want that now, would you?" she queried Toby as she bent down to pick him up. The dog stuck out his tongue and licked her cheek. She couldn't help herself and giggled.
The fact was Sakura really loved Toby since it was she who had found him half-buried in the snow in the depths of the woods three winters ago. The pup was lost and very sick, having been abandoned by his owner who had left St. Joseph Island and never returned. If it hadn't been for her, Toby could've died from starvation and hypothermia.
The pup, later named Toby by Sakura herself, had known it had been Sakura who saved him and had taken a liking to her immediately, doting on her and following her wherever she went.
"Don't!" She told him off. The dog looked somewhat disappointed as he tried to lick her again. "It's your fault for not listening to me, Toby." She returned him to the ground. "Now then, I think it's time to head back. I do have many more things to do before dinner." She paused, looking up at the beautiful spring sky; her eyes narrowed against the bright sunlight. "And then there's Saturday." She frowned, and her heart skipped a beat.
Saturday would come all too soon, the day when everyone would be arriving for the wedding and the holiday. There'd be so many people Sakura didn't know. But of course that didn't matter. What really mattered-and what really worried her-was the fact that her adopted brothers-all seven of them-would be coming as well since it was their cousin Mary's wedding.