
"It's okay," Sakura said. "I'll stay with Katherine. She's coming up to the house this evening to try on the dress. I'll come up with her."
"Are you sure?" Mary asked.
"No," Hayden put in. "I have my motorbike at the yacht. So there's no need to argue who's staying behind."
"Then that should work out," Mary said.
It was decided then, and Sebastian took Sakura by the elbow before Richard had the chance. "Come on," he said, leading her to their car.
"Wait!" Richard said. "I haven't seen Sakura for ages." He put both his hands on her shoulders and steered her toward Mary's car. "Young lady, you're coming with us."
Conrad would have none of it, however, and said, "We can all catch up when we get home." He brushed Richard's hands aside and steered Sakura toward their car. "Mind what you're touching," he said.
"What is wrong with you guys today?" Mary asked. "Maybe it's the coffee she made them," she muttered to herself. "Did she put something in it?"
Peter, who found the whole situation a bit weird, finally had to put in a word. "Two of you will have to ride with us. There won't be enough room in that car for everyone."
The brothers looked at one another.
"I'll go," Nicolas volunteered.
"Me, too," Logan said.
The two brothers reluctantly headed to Mary's car while Conrad and Sebastian led Sakura to theirs.
Sakura wasn't pleased with how things had gone so far. First there was Sebastian, who was being rude to her. She couldn't believe that after last night, after he'd said how he had wanted to begin their sibling relationship anew, he would go this far. She decided to glare at him to show him she wasn't pleased and that she didn't want him-or any of them for that matter-to interfere in her life like that, especially when they'd never given her a thought before.
Sebastian nudged her gently to get her into the car. She harrumphed loudly, and before she decided she'd changed her mind and wanted to go home with Katherine after all, she was being pulled away by an arm.
She gasped in surprise as she felt a strong hand wrap tightly around her slender wrist and none too slowly drag her to the other side of the street, her feet stumbling behind two long, powerful legs.
She glanced up to see Hayden laughing merrily as he pulled her along with him.
"She's coming with me, guys," he shouted once they were safely on the other side of the street.
The brothers stood there watching them in shocked surprise. A moment later, Tristan laughed loudly. Sebastian wasn't pleased. He scowled severely. Conrad shouted, "Hayden! What the hell are you doing?"
"He's taking her for himself," Darcy said.
Sakura didn't know what was going on until they'd reached a couple of blocks away. She had to catch her breath and wriggled her hand a couple of times to get Hayden's attention. He wouldn't release his hold on her, however, though he did stop to let her catch her breath.
Sakura collapsed against the brick wall of a building. Hayden watched her, amused. He came to stand in front of her, blocking out the afternoon sun that was glaring down on her face. When she opened her eyes again, she gasped and caught her breath at the back of her throat. Hayden was standing so close to her that she could feel his warm breath fanning her face.
"Sorry about that." He chuckled, grinning at her.