
"Is it all over my face?" she asked.
Instead of agreeing with her, which would be a lie, he just nodded.
Sakura blushed. "I don't usually make such a mess."
He just kept on grinning as his fingers and thumb moved to her forehead, pretending to wipe nonexistent dirt. Then he moved his thumb to her lip where he couldn't help himself and caressed it.
"There, too?" she asked, uncomfortable because his thumb was in the way as she spoke.
"Yeah, there too," he said, moving his head closer to hers.
Sakura gazed up at him, her heart pounding as he came closer and closer and then-
"Ah-hem!"
Conrad jumped. He hastily turned to the door and saw Sebastian there, scowling at them.
"Why didn't you tell me you were in the kitchen?"
Sakura thought Sebastian was talking to Conrad, but then he said, "Why didn't you text me back?" That was when she realized he was talking to her. Oh! So that first unknown number was his? But how did he get her number? From whom? And why would he text her?
Good Lord! He looked mad. He sounded mad.
Conrad moved away from Sakura and picked up his coffee. "I like swans," he said and took a sip. "Hmm. Delicious."
Sakura returned to making more coffee as Tristan walked in. "Are you making one for me?" he asked, coming to stand behind her. Then, before she knew it, Logan and Hayden turned up as well and crowded the kitchen.
"Smells good," Hayden said.
"What are you guys doing here?" she asked. She just wanted to get this done quickly and then disappear into her room.
"Pass me that cup," Logan said, reaching out. No one was paying him attention, however, and he stretched out his hand for the cup. He accidentally shoved Sakura's bag to the floor, her stuff flying out everywhere.
Sakura gasped, stopped what she was doing, and rushed around the corner.
"Oh, shoot! Sorry." Logan crouched down and picked up her bag for her.
Sebastian helped by picking up the pieces of papers that were on the floor. Sakura saw he was about to read her very confidential report and snapped it from his hand, none too gently. She quickly folded it carefully and shoved it in her bag, her hands shaking. Sebastian noticed her odd reaction and was instantly suspicious but said nothing.
Sakura put her bag farther away from them and returned to her coffee.
"So what have you been doing this whole day? You just disappeared on us since early this morning," Logan asked, leaning across the countertop.
"Things," she said and didn't bother to explain.
"What kind of things?" Hayden asked. "Have you had dinner yet?"
"Nope. But I'm sure I can as soon as you guys leave me alone to finish this."
Tristan chuckled. "Touché."
The brothers watched in silence as she expertly made their coffee. Then some twenty minutes later, it was done, all eight cups. And by that time, Conrad had finished his.
"Am I allowed one more?" he had the gall to ask.
Sakura scowled at him. "Too much coffee is bad for you." She turned to the others. "Now off with you. Take them. I'm off." She grabbed her bag and practically ran out the door.