
Sebastian shook his head and turned on his heel, ready to leave her, ready to leave this weird incident behind. He didn't get far, though, and stood rooted in his spot when he noticed Sakura at the door, watching him.
His stomach flipped. Shit!
"So you have the habit of doing that to your adopted sisters?" she asked.
Sebastian understood the meaning of her words immediately. Bloody hell! No! Of course not!
"It's not what you think it is," he said.
"Sebastian Princeton," Sakura said, her voice quivering, her heart trembling, her whole body shaking with anger, frustration, and confusion. "Allow me to get one thing clear for you." She glanced at Tara, who was now posing elegantly before them. She even managed to give Sakura a leering grin.
Sakura turned her eyes to Sebastian, who seemed to have become as stiff as a rock. "I'm not a toy to be played with. I'm not about to commit incest." She nudged her head a little higher as she stared at him, tears brewing in her eyes. "And by the way, I no longer want you as my swimming instructor. I'm going to ask Darcy instead. Sorry for interrupting your wee party." She tried so hard to control her emotions, but she just couldn't. She turned on her heel and headed back out the door.
"Sakura! Wait!" Sebastian shouted.
Sakura wasn't listening to him, however, and blindly ran up the stairs to her room. There she rushed into the bathroom and turned on the shower. She cried her heart out as droplets of water pounded down on her. Once her tears were all used up and her face raw and her eyes red, she managed to calm down and got hold of herself.
God! She was pathetic. Why was she so upset just because she'd witnessed Sebastian kissing Tara? Obviously, if those two had a relationship, then what did that have to do with her?
She got out of the shower, dried herself, and put on a pair of skinny jeans and a light blouse. After blow-drying her hair and putting on some light makeup, she stared at herself in the mirror, hoping she didn't look like she'd just had a good cry. Yes, she thought. She looked just fine. Maybe just a bit red in the eyes, but that was all.
Suddenly, she was thinking about Sebastian again. This is ridiculous, she thought as she stared at herself in the mirror. Why couldn't her stomach settle down? Why couldn't her heart slow down? She felt sick. That scene was still fresh in her mind. She couldn't believe it. Just couldn't believe it. Sebastian and Tara?
She turned away from the mirror in disgust. God, she needed to calm down. She needed to be doing something. She needed to get her mind out of this stupid notion of Sebastian and Tara together.
She left the bathroom, grabbed her camera and her bag, and headed out the door.
Half an hour later, she was deep in the woods, alone with nature. She had already missed lunch, but that was okay because she'd had a big breakfast before-
She paused right there. Don't think about it, Sakura. Just don't!
Her phone beeped. She took it out and saw she got a text message. It was Conrad, scolding her for going off without telling him. She also got text messages from Nicolas, Tristan, and Logan, informing her that she'd better turn up for dinner or else.
Else what? And how did these guys get her number anyway? Mary? It must have been Mary.
She put her phone back into her satchel and took out her camera. She tested the light, found that it was excellent, and then proceeded to take pictures. Soon she was lost in admiring the woods and the many creatures that were living there. She took photos of a grasshopper hanging on to the tall grasses, of bees sucking nectar from flowers, of birds chirping in the trees, and of wildflowers that were surrounding her. At a certain point, she felt as though someone were following her, watching her in the distance. She scanned her surroundings but saw no sign of anyone and relaxed again. She knew she had nothing to worry about because this was the Princeton Estate and no one else had ever set foot in these woods. For years, she'd roamed this place by herself. It was in essence her playground, and she loved it that way. Hence, despite that odd feeling that someone was following her, watching her every move, she felt that she was, in actual fact, very safe.