
Sakura tried not to think about Darcy and his rejection of her that morning, but it was hard. She thought back as to why he wouldn't kiss her after he had won the race. Perhaps he no longer wanted her? Perhaps he no longer loved her?
"What's wrong, Sakura-chan?" Akira asked at the door.
Sakura looked up, surprised to see Akira there, already dressed in her yukata. This one was very beautiful, a light blue color with floral design.
"I did knock," Akira said.
Jane poked her head in behind Akira and said, "Sakura, haven't you showered yet?"
Sakura cocked her head to one side as Jane came into the room. The woman was dressed in a green yukata that matched her eyes color perfectly. She looked very fetching without her glasses on and her blond hair up into a pretty bun.
"Jane, you look beautiful," Sakura said.
Jane blushed.  "Akira helped me with the yukata." She did a little spin to show the garment off to Sakura. "I've never worn one before, but I love this. I'm going to get me one to wear on special occasion."
Sakura laughed. "I might buy me one as well."
Akira sighed in vexation at the two women who were still talking when they were running out of time. She took matters into her own hands, because otherwise, they really were going to be late. She grabbed a hold of Sakura by the wrist and pulled her up from the bed.
"Sakura-chan, I know you're tired from organizing and preparing the celebration, but you have to get ready before everyone arrives."
Sakura sighed, reluctant. What she really wanted to do was to collapse on the bed and sleep forever. She couldn't believe she got tired so easily these days. Of course she had been up since five this morning, had wanted to take a swim before the pool got too crowded. Then Sebastian and Darcy had come in. There had been the race and the expected kiss that didn't happen from Darcy. When she had returned to the apartment, she got down to helping the housekeeper and Haruka with preparing food for Sosuke's birthday celebration. Jane had arrived not long after and helped out as well.
Akira nudged her into the bathroom, followed by a slap on Sakura's bottom for her to hurry up. Sakura jumped and laughed wholeheartedly.
"You're acting like you're my oneesan." Sakura jested.
Akira raised her brows. "Oh? Don't you want an oneesan like me, Sakura-chan?"
"Actually," Sakura said, smiling. "I do. To be honest, I'm considering you as one."
"Then be a good imoutosan and go and shower." Akira gave Sakura another nudge between the shoulder blades to get her moving. "Otherwise, you'll really make us late for dinner."
"What's oneesan?" Jane asked from behind. "And what's imoutosan?"
Akira said, "Oneesan is older sister and imoutosan is younger sister in Japanese."
"Oh!" Jane expressed as she clasped her hands together. "If we are going to be sisters, non-blood related of course, I think I will be the oldest. I know what we should do. We should form a sisterhood or something."
Sakura cocked her head to one side, a thoughtful look on her face. "Jane, are you serious?"
Jane nodded her head. "I'm totally serious. But that means I'd be the oldest."
Akira asked, "How old are you?"
Jane went bright red and murmured, "twenty-eight."
"Then you are the oldest one. I'm twenty-seven," Akira said as she really made Sakura go into the bathroom by gently jostling her in. "I'm going to get Sakura's yukata and you, sister Jane, make sure she doesn't come out until she's totally done."