
"Especially missing people who want to stay missing," Tristan said. "She must really hate our guts."
Darcy glanced at Tristan and scowled darkly. If she really hated their guts, he thought, then why had she left them notes? Why had she left him a note telling him that she loved him? No, Darcy would never believe that. He was sure she had been confused, perhaps was still confused even now, about her feelings. Then there was also the fact about Alaina and Tara who had always wanted to hurt her despite them being adopted siblings. And Sakura, being the nice one, hadn't wanted the family to take sides and cause any more conflicts and had decided to leave. Yes, that had been the reason why, he knew it in his gut. Now, if only they could find her, then everything would be right again. But then, he thought, would everything really be right again? Especially when both he and Sebastian were so in love with her? Darcy knew for certain that Sebastian would never, ever gave her up. But what about Darcy himself? Would he give Sakura up for Sebastian? Would he rather suffer at night losing the woman he loved to his brother?
He didn't know.
He stood up and said to his brothers, "I'm going to my loft. See you guys at the hotel this afternoon."
He was just at the door when Sebastian stopped him. "I need a favor."
"What?"
"Since you're going to Soho, could you pick up a painting from Tanaka's Gallery? Luke will be too busy this morning to pick it up," Sebastian said.
"Yeah, no problem. What's the address?" Darcy asked.
"Actually, I've never been there myself," Sebastian said, getting off his chair. "I'll get the invoice. It has the address on it."
"Sure," Darcy said, got up and headed after his brother.
Some twenty-five minutes later, Darcy was in Soho, driving along a secluded street in his sleek black Ferrari. It was quite busy, and to Darcy's annoyance, he found he had to stop many times in the traffic. He was running late and just about having enough when he noticed that he was on the street where Tanaka's Gallery was located. He turned down his side window and had a quick scan of the buildings. He found the gallery to his left hand side, not too far from where he was. He noted that the gallery itself was rather interesting thought it was not yet opened for the day.
Something bright flickered pass his eyes. He blinked and then looked up. He found that it was from some crystal chandelier by the window on the top floor. The morning sunlight was flashing on them, causing sparks of lights to reflect off them and flickered to him.
"It's beautiful," he murmured under his breath. That was when he saw somebody walking pass the window. He could see long hair and slender figure. It was odd that he couldn't take his eyes off the silhouette of the woman because since Sakura had left them, and until this very moment, he had never really paid any attention to women in general, particularly as a man's interest in a woman type of way. Why did he find her so interesting? Even though he couldn't even see her in full view? Even though he couldn't see her face?
Beep! Beep! Beep!
Darcy jumped. He hastily turned his attention from the woman to look around him and realized the light had changed to green. He closed the tinted window as he muttered, "Shit!" under his breath. Then he stepped his foot on the accelerator and sped away.