
Hide & Seek

Sakura decided it was all the brothers' fault that she had to take the long way home. If it weren't for them, she would have been home by now.
Tired, thirsty, and her body aching something sorely, she still had to walk through this tiny pathway via the woods to get home. Normally she didn't mind, but this time she really did mind. After all, she'd been hit by a car. And yes, that was entirely their fault too.
She grumbled to herself and cursed them again. Oh yes, she was sure they'd be very comfortable indeed right now, sitting in the lounge and drinking that horrible coffee Beth would have prepared for them. Not to mention her very own mini-sandwiches, scones, muffins, and slices she had made this morning.
She groaned. She couldn't believe they'd be eating the food she prepared.
Once she reached Princeton Mansion, she sneaked into the kitchen-hoping like hell she wouldn't bump into any of the brothers-when she was greeted with a, "Where have you been? Mr. Princeton was looking all over for you."
Sakura jumped, her heart nearly dropping to her shoes. "Beth! Why do you have to shout?"
The housekeeper cocked her head to one side. "Oh! I wasn't aware I was shouting," the woman said, giving her a smile. "Those two maids became useless the moment they arrived," she muttered to herself.
Sakura knew very well what she meant. Any female, aside from her, would become useless the moment she set her eyes on the brothers.
"I was out for a bit, taking photos. I thought I told everyone," Sakura said, giving the housekeeper a sunny smile. Toby rushed past her feet and raced to his water bowl on the other side of the kitchen. He thirstily licked the water to his heart's content.
Sakura, too, was deadly thirsty. She opened the fridge door and poured herself a good cup of apple juice. Once she'd finished, she sighed and said, "Ah, that was good."
Beth opened the oven door and pulled out the tray of chocolate biscuits that had just been baked.
"Woo. Nice," Sakura said, bending over to snaffle one. She popped the hot piece into her mouth and sighed with pleasure. "You're the best. I'm starved."
"Who told you to go out for so long? You didn't have lunch either," Beth grumbled. "Go and eat properly in the drawing room like everyone else. Jesus! No wonder you're so thin."
Sakura chuckled. "That's okay. I'll eat here."
"Sakura, do go and eat with your brothers," Beth said with a no-nonsense tone.
Sakura's heart skipped a beat. The images of the seven men back on the road flashed before her eyes.
"Come along now," Beth said, grabbing for another tray of sandwiches. "Mr. Princeton wants you to meet them. Not that you haven't met them before. But you haven't seen them for a while now, haven't you. To be frank, I haven't either. But oh, you should see them now. Handsome men they are."
"I'll come right along in a wee bit, Beth. I just need to clean up," Sakura said. "After all, I can hardly present myself in this state." She took a step forward for Beth to see her, since after all she was in quite a mess, with sweat and dirt from walking through the woods and all.
Beth shook her head. "You're still as wild as ever. What will they say when they see you in such a state? All right then, but don't be too long," the housekeeper said, walking out the door with a tray in her hand. "Oh, by the way, we'll be serving seven more now."
Sakura sighed. Of course.