
"You and the two brothers," Mary said. "Man, I could've sworn I felt a lot of tension there for a moment."
"Oh," Sakura voiced, totally understanding what her friend meant. Was this conflict really because of her?
"Now where is it?" Mary said. "Ah!"
A moment later, she came back and gave Sakura a pretty little box, neatly wrapped up with happy birthday wrapping paper.
"Shit!" Sakura swore under her breath.
Mary pulled Sakura into her arms and said softly, "I'm sorry. I won't be here when you turn twenty-four, so happy early birthday."
Sakura felt tears brewing in her eyes. "You didn't have to do that, Mary."
Mary chuckled. "Twenty-four is a big number. Almost a quarter of a century, if you think about it."
That was true, but Sakura never thought about that.
Mary took a step back. "I know your real birthday was probably sometime earlier than this, but since you were found at the orphanage two days from now, twenty-four years ago, then technically speaking, it's your birthday."
Sakura chuckled. "Thanks, Mary. You remember." Then she thought none of the brothers would have remembered. Why would they? She wasn't important to them.
"You're not allowed to open it until the day, all right?" Mary warned.
"Of course," Sakura chuckled.
"Now then, let us return to our photos," Mary said, heading out the door.
Sakura clutched the small box in her hands, a smile on her face as she, too, walked to the door.
* * *
The music struck loudly, causing the continuous squealing noise to echo across the great hall. Everyone covered their ears in annoyance, and then a moment later, Logan chuckled into the microphone and said, "Sorry, ladies and gentlemen. That was my bad." Everyone laughed, including the bride and groom, who were standing in the center of the hall, waiting to start their first dance.
After some tweaking, the music started. It was"Unchained Melody" by the Righteous Brothers.
The moment Sakura heard the words felt her heart quickening and her pulse racing. Suddenly, Richard had her wrist and led her to the center of the dance floor. She stiffened, suddenly embarrassed. She glanced to Mary and Peter, who were dancing lovingly in each other's arms, smiles on their faces. Then she glanced at Katherine, who was laughing and having the time of her life as she winked at Michael standing on the sidelines near his father. The boy was swaying his body back and forth as he watched his mother dance in Jack's arms.
Richard pulled her into his arms and started moving her around, little by little. Sakura wasn't any good at dancing, but she moved about anyway, trying to be in tune with the slow music. Then they were on the other side of the dance floor, and Sakura felt as though someone was watching her. She lifted her head and saw Sebastian, his blue eyes intense on her face.
Sakura felt her heart thundering within her chest as she continued moving around in Richard's arms. She tried to move her eyes away from the handsome blond who was staring at her as if she were the only person in the room. The music was making her head dizzy.
Sebastian gazed at Sakura-his beautiful Sakura-dancing in Richard's arms as the man swayed her around. How he wished it was him instead who was holding her in his arms. And why not? That was when he imagined him and her together, dancing to this very classic song, just the two of them together in this very room as everyone faded into darkness. Yes, he was twisting her around now, and she was laughing and smiling up at him, her eyes bright with love-love just for him. Then very slowly he moved his head down and took her lips, kissing her passionately and wildly as they moved about the dance floor. Sakura. His Sakura. Yes, he hungered for her touch, for her love; he hungered for her.