
"It's a lovely spring morning, boys," Beth said. Breakfast outside, how about that?"
"Perfect, Beth," Sebastian said, heading out the door with his brothers.
Tristan, Logan, Hayden and Conrad were already there, enjoying their breakfast of bacon and eggs, hot toasts, fresh fruits and cereals.
"Reminds me of St. Joseph Island," Conrad said.
"Yeah," Tristan agreed. "I miss home." Of course not that New York City wasn't home, but St. Joseph Island to them was home home, a place where all the goods and the bads happened.
The brothers enjoyed their meal in quietness when the smell of beautiful grounded coffee reached them. Conrad was the first to react. He frowned and then rushed off his seat to hang his head over the balcony.
"What the hell are you doing?" Hayden shouted at his brother.
"For Christ's Sake!" Tristan muttered loudly. "Get you head back in before you fall, Conrad."
Conrad turned back to his brothers. "Can't you smell it?"
"What the hell is he on about now?" Logan asked his brothers. "First it's Toby and now it's a smell?"
"The coffee!" Conrad shouted. "It's smell like Sakura's coffee.
The brothers just shook their heads, and Tristan stood up. He stalked over to Conrad, pulled the brother by the should and hauled him back. He was about to scold his their youngest when the scent caressed his nostril and blinked.
"Shit! That smells delicious," he said.
Conrad glared at him. "See?"
At this point, Logan was there as well and sniffed the air. "Wow! That smells a lot like Sakura's coffee."
"Maybe a new café has just opened across the street," Tristan suggested logically.
"Yeah, should check it out," Tristan said.
"Are you telling me my coffee isn't drinkable?" Beth demanded at the door, hands on hips.
Tristan managed to look guilty. "No, of course not, Beth." He rushed back to his seat and took a sip of Beth's bland coffee. He managed not to pull a face and even did a 'hmmm' sound.
Beth looked heavenward and came over with a plate of extra bacons and eggs. The brothers continued their breakfast, and by seven, they were done and on the elevator. On the second floor, the door dinged and Sosuke joined them.
"Ohayo, everyone," he greeted with a bright smile.
Tristan was suspicious. "You look awfully chummy this morning, Sosuke-kun," he said.
Sosuke laughed. "I had a very good day yesterday, and a lovely morning today."
Logan cocked his head to one side and teased. "Did you finally found yourself a girlfriend?"
Nicolas sighed. "Leave Sosuke alone, won't you?"
Sosuke laughed again. "It's all right, Nicolas-kun, I might have found myself one."
At this, the brothers all looked at him in surprise. This was of course joined in with a loud cheer from Tristan, Logan and Hayden.
"Is she hot?" Tristan asked.
"She's pretty," Sosuke said. "And she's living with us."