
That was fast. Sebastian eyed Tristan, who winked at him. "Just a minor accident," he said mildly.
"Minor?" Conrad stated loudly from the other side of the room. "You nearly killed her!"
"You'll have a lot to answer for if you did hurt her, you know," Tristan said.
"Don't scare your brother, Tristan," Brenda said, coming over to Sebastian. "Now give me a kiss," she demanded, tiptoeing so her cheek could reach his massive height.
"No sooner than you're all here, there's trouble," James Princeton said at the door. At nearly sixty years of age, he still looked amazingly handsome, with a tall, lean body and charming, aristocratic demeanor. His eyes were still as sharp as ever and his wit even sharper.
He sat on the sofa near the window and grinned. Nicolas came to sit next to him. Side by side, they looked almost identical, except Nicolas was a younger version, and James had more lines on his face and a head full of gray hair instead of blond.
Finally, trays of savories arrived. The two maids nervously put them down on the coffee table. A moment later, Beth came in with coffee.
"Thank God," Conrad said, pouring himself a cup.
James looked none too pleased at the coffee. Brenda chuckled, and Beth noticed James's dark frown.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Princeton," Beth said, "but it's standard coffee this afternoon."
James sighed. "Well, there's always tonight."
The brothers didn't have a clue as to why their father was upset about the coffee. It didn't taste half-bad.
"We're expecting your grandparents for dinner tonight," Brenda announced to her sons.
"Yeah!" Conrad remarked. "I haven't seen them for ages."
"I suppose I better inform Sakura to prepare for seven more," Beth muttered to herself before she left the room. No one was paying any attention to her mentioning the name "Sakura" as they continued to enjoy their afternoon tea.
"So, Mary, where's Peter?" Hayden asked.
Mary put down her cup of tea and turned to look at her cousin. They were almost a mirror image of one another, with brown hair and cobalt-blue eyes. Except their facial features were different. While Hayden was very handsome with a tall, straight nose, deep-set eyes, firm lips, and high bone structure, Mary's face was rather soft and round. One could say Mary was pretty, but not at all memorable, even with the blue eyes and dark hair.
"Coming on Friday," she said. "With Richard."
"Richard?" Tristan asked. "Haven't seen that old flirt for ages."
"He's not a flirt." Mary defended her older brother.
Tristan chuckled. "Come to think of it, you're right. He's not. He's so lousy at flirting that it's not flirting. Has he got a girl yet?"
"Ask him yourself when he's here," Mary said.
"Will do," Tristan replied, smiling.
"Mom, Dad, and Peter's parents will be here next Wednesday," Mary said. "Hope the weather is going to be nice on my wedding day."
Logan waved her worry aside with a flick of his hand. "It'll be fine. By the way, why spring? Why here on St. Joseph Island?"