
The mention of the name Sakura and the look on the brothers' faces caused Sosuke to turn to look at her aunt. He noted the paleness on her face and wonder if perhaps—
No, it can't be. The very idea was impossible. This world, however, though large but can be quite small. Perhaps, just perhaps this Sakura was the Sakura Aunt Haruka was looking for? Perhaps this Sakura was Haruka's biological daughter? Yes, he can see it now. The light in her eyes, as if she had found a precious thing she had always been searching for. And then the darkness that she had lost it again.
He, too, did notice the moment when Sakura step into the cat walk during the fashion show. He noted how Haruka stiffened, as if she had seen a ghost and then she stood, her had at the base of her throat, tears in her eyes. Sosuke wasn't blind. He knew and he felt it in his blood. Sakura was Haruka's biological daughter. And come hell or high water, he was going to get them together.
Thus he turned to the blonde with glasses now and gave her a hard look.
"You work for Mr Techibanan, don't you?" he asked Jane.
Jane nodded nervously. At that moment Jane thought of three things about Sosuke that made her think of naughty thoughts. He was Asian. He was hot. He was ruthless. And he made her wanted to kiss him.
Jane bit her lips and told herself to concentrate on the situation at hand.
"Yes, sir?"
Sosuke frowned and nudged his glasses up the bridge of his nose. "A question or a statement?"
Jane didn't know that her answer came out as question instead of as fact. "I mean yes, sir, I work for Mr Technibana."
"Then you must have the list of the models?"
Jane opened to her mouth to say something but nothing came out.
"Err," Ms Ruka said with her hand raised to get everyone's attention. "That's my job. I'm so sorry Sosuke," she turned to Nicolas, "Mr. Princeton, but you see she isn't our model. I mean we didn't hire her. She was a replacement we found in the last minute."
Tristan looked heavenward in frustration. "And how the heck did you managed to get a model you didn't know to model for you?"
"It was my fault," Mr. Tachibana said. He sighed depressingly. "She looked so lovely. I just couldn't help myself. I mean she was a piece of art. She was perfect. How was I supposed to know she meant to steal?"
This time it was Logan who looked heavenward with frustration. "For the love of God! How many time do we have to say it? Sakura isn't a thief."
"She's as saint as a nun," Tristan said.
Haruka decided to speak up then. "This Sakura, what is she to you?" She posed this question to all the brothers at large.
It was Sebastian who said it. "She was our adopted sister."
Haruka swallowed. Her hand tightened on her lapse. She was about to ask more question when Brenda finally say, "We adopted her from the orphanage a while back." She wiped her tears with a tissue and sighed. James pulled her into his arms and hugged her tight.
"Orphanage?" Haruka asked.
James nodded. "Queen Mary Orphanage on St. Joseph Island."
It was then that Haruka began to shake uncontrollably. Sosuke noticed and said at large, "I'm only too happy to help, Nicolas, find your adopted sister."