
"Sister Jane?" Sakura couldn't hide her giggle as she teased Jane.
Akira shut the door in her face, blocking her mirth from Jane's view. Then she headed out the door.
"Sister Jane?" Jane said in outrage, frowning. "You made me sound like a nun!"
Akira laughed from the corridor, and Jane, finally found the funny side of it, joined in the laughter, too.
Alone inside the bathroom, Sakura stripped herself naked and then went into shower. As the water pounded down on her, she touch her fingers to her lips, her mind on Sebastian and Darcy.
"Stop it!" she muttered under her breath. "You shouldn't be upset if Darcy have decided that he no longer likes you. After all, you left him without saying goodbye for a year. Of course he'd forget about you."
The realization of that reality hurt, and Sakura felt herself shook uncontrollably with emotions.
"Sakura?" Jane called out from the other side. "Hurry up. Your adopted parents have just arrived. I can see them down at the street."
Sakura swore under her breath and quickly concentrated all of her attention on cleaning herself. She was done and out of the shower five minutes later, her long hair and body dripping wet with water. She wrapped a towel around her person and then rushed out of the room.
"Are they really here already?" she asked, as she busied patting her hair with another towel.
Jane nodded.
"Hold on, I need underwear," she said and rushed to the drawer. She found herself a pair of panties and bra and then dashed back into the bathroom. When she returned ten minutes later, underwear on as well as light makeup done, Akira were there with a floral yukata set for her.
"Sakura-chan," Akira said. "We're late, and it's not good. Sosuke said the brothers are heading down now."
"Jesus!" Sakura muttered. "Help me, Akira. I don't know how to put the yukata on."
"It's your own fault," Akira muttered. "We did tell you to get ready sooner."
"But there was so much to do." Sakura defended.
Jane decided to help. She came round and pulled Sakura's towel of her body.
"Jane!" Sakura shrieked, "What are you doing?"
"Helping you get ready," Jane replied cheerfully.
Akira handed Jane the traditional Japanese underwear of long white robe. Once Sakura had it on, Akira returned her attention to the yukata itself. She wrapped the material on Sakura whilst Jane started blow-drying Sakura's long hair.
Akira folded the right side of the yukata on the front of Sakura and then the left on top of that. Next she tied the sashes, one about Sakura's waist and one just under her breasts. Sakura tested the knots to make sure it wouldn't go loose on her by accident. After that, Akira wrapped the inner belt around Sakura's middle and then the obi on top, tying the bright material into a perfect bow at the back.
Akira stood back and admired her handy work.
"Wow!" Akira made the sound.
Jane cocked her head to one side and said, "You look amazing, Sakura."
"Are we done?" Sakura asked, looking at Akira.