
Sakura was taken by surprise. Oh God, she thought, he was going to rip her to pieces. And where the hell was Jane?
Mr. Tachibana reached out and arranged the diamond necklace around Sakura's neck properly. "Now you're perfect," he said, his eyes shining.
Ms. Tanaka appeared behind him and looked at Sakura. "But she's not Sakura?"
Mr. Tachibana waved his assistant aside. "Doesn't matter. She's perfect. Get ready girls, we're on in five."
Sakura could only stare at Haruka Tanaka, her heart thumping loud and hard within her chest. Oh God! Finally, she thought, finally she was able to meet her mother. Here of all places.
Sakura licked her lips, and was about to say something to Ms. Tanaka when the woman walked away after Mr. Tachibana.
Akira chuckled. "What? Are you taken by him?" she asked.
Sakura turned to look at Akira in confusion. "What? You mean Mr. Tachibana?"
Akira laughed. "No silly, I mean Haruka Tanaka."
Sakura blinked in confusion. Akira could only laugh even more at Sakura's look of confusion. She said, "Haruka Tanaka was a man. She looks pretty as a woman, yes?"
Sakura's brain went numbed then. Wait! What?
She turned to Akira then. "What do you mean?"
"Haruka Tanaka had a sex change. She was a he before," Akira said, emphasizing the word 'he'.
Suddenly, Sakura felt her world spinning around her. Then when that information finally sunk in, she gasped. She couldn't believe it. She was here to see the woman who was supposedly her mother named Haruka Tanaka, and here she was, finally meeting that particular woman who turned out to be a transgender. Sakura wanted to die.
She turned to Akira, just to confirm that the information she had just received was a fact-a real, hard fact. "You mean Ms Haruka Tanaka was actually a male?"
Akira smiled and nodded her head pleasantly. "Hai."
Sakura felt as though her heart was going to burst out of her chest any second now. But she didn't have time for that right now when only a few lines down some girls were giggling loudly.
"Really? Oh my Gosh! I have to do my best then," one said.
"I can't wait until this is over and we get to meet the brothers," another said.
"I'm going for Tristan. He's so hot," one giggled.
"Be careful, he's a one night stand."
"I don't care. He's totally hot."
"The hottest one is Sebastian."
"I'm going for Darcy. I think he's the hottest. He's also one of the youngest billionaire in the world, according to Ford's magazine. That new game he created was amazing. What was it? Snow White and the Seven Knights or something. It literally took over the gaming world by storm, so my brother said."
"Oh I'm totally into dark hair guys."
Sakura gritted her teeth, and her stomach flipped uncomfortably. Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!They were here? Now? Yes, she knew that this was their hotel. Yes, she knew that they all now lived in New York. But she knew for a fact that she'd never have to meet them again since there were millions of people living in New   York. In fact, she had been hiding from them and had been avoiding them for a year now. She had done that marvelously, and she was wasn't going to ruin that great record by stomping down the runway and letting them see her in her full glory, was she?