
Some fifteen minutes later, Sakura emerged from the office, and Sebastian stood impatiently as she came toward him.
"How was it?" he asked, a little concern.
"I just needed to get some medication from the drug store," she said. "Iron deficiency. I though as much. Always so tired."
"It's very common," Dave said behind her. "Young ladies tense to get iron deficiency, what with the bleeding and not eating well and all."
Sebastian glanced at Sakura. "You're still not eating right," he said. "We'll have to take better care of you, sweet heart." He caressed her cheek, his eyes soft on her.
Dave noticed the sentimental action and pretended a cough to get his friend's attention. When Sebastian reluctantly turned to him, Dave said, "More red meat more often. And of course, more sleep." He turned to Sakura. "You're not sleeping very well, are you?"
Sakura shook her head. She had never been able to sleep well since she had been little. Now and again, the nightmares would come. Though she had to admit that she hadn't had one for a while now, since she had met the brothers again at the hotel, in fact.
"Well," Dave said to Sebastian. "You take good care of your girlfriend." Then he added quietly so that only Sebastian could hear him. "She's a keeper."
Sebastian laughed. "I know that."
After the friend said goodbye, Sebastian took Sakura to the drug store for her prescribed medication.
"Where are you taking me?" Sakura asked some moment later, seeing that the car wasn't heading through the familiar streets toward the apartment.
"Lunch," Sebastian said, grinning from ear to ear. "I'm taking you to lunch."
"You're taking advantage of the situation, aren't you?" she asked, a glint in her eyes.
"Why yes." He admitted. "Sakura sweet heart, you do want to have lunch with me, don't you?"
She refused to tell him that of course she did. She didn't want his ego to grow any bigger. The darn man.
Sebastian, however, could guess from the look on her face and laughed. "Where would like to go?"
"I don't know. You choose," she replied,
"All right," he said. "How about Italian? We have a great Italian restaurant at Princeton Hotel."
"Sure, why not. That way, we can stop by and say hi to Daddy James and Mom Brenda. Maybe if they are not busy, they can join us. And Nicolas and Conrad, too."
Some five minutes later, they parked the car and got out. He rushed over to her side before Sakura could open the door. She laughed and said, "Sebastian, I'm not an invalid, you know."
"Yes, I know that," he said. "But I did say I'd take good care of you."
She pulled a face. "What? Are you going to cook me amazing food full of nutrient, especially iron, everyday?"
She was just joking, of course, but Sebastian looked like he was serious about it.
"I think I will," he said, "Once you've moved in with us. Hum, I will have to start learning from Beth."
She laughed. "Considering she considered you the best house husband, I'm sure Beth would only too happy to have you under her command."
Sebastian pulled her in his arms and said, "Yes, she will, wouldn't she?"
Sakura blinked and looked up at him. "Why are you hugging me in the parking lot? People are looking."