
She heard footsteps rushing out into the garden, and Sakura held her breath as she closed the door behind her. Once she knew that she hadn't been spotted, she took in a deep breath, calming down her furiously beating heard. She turned her attention to Toby and put a finger to her lips, telling the dog to stop barking.
Toby did and looked at her curiously. He snuggled his head against her chest with affection.
"Why are you so excited all of a sudden?" she asked the dog, stroking him. She returned her attention to the residents within that penthouse and wondered who the Dragon and his brothers were. She turned to her right, moving slightly to the window, and was about to take a peek when Toby barked again. She drew back in a flash, knowing that the people, yes she was sure there was more than one now, would surely come her way if she didn't shut Toby up.
"It's now or never," she whispered under breath, and then, as quick as she could, she sprinted across the corridor.
Oh God! Oh God! She could feel it. The heavy footsteps. They were definitely coming after her. The thought of being caught suddenly felt awfully sickening to her. She just didn't know why, but she didn't want to be caught by the people who were running after her.
She slipped through a door and ran down more stairs. Thank God, Toby had stopped his barking. Otherwise she wouldn't have escaped. She went through another door and lost them. She sighed in relief, her heart still pumping loud and fast.
"What were you doing, Toby?" she queried the dog. "You could have gotten me into trouble."
"You found him." Sosuke's voice reached her.
Sakura looked up and smile. "Yes."
"Good," he said. "Shall we go?"
"Akira?"
"She'll find her way back," Sosuke said.
The two slipped back into the apartment and waited for Akira to return. The woman did about ten minutes later, her face red and her eyes bright.
She came to slump herself on the sofa with a sour expression on her lovely face. It was only when she saw Toby running to her that she smiled once again.
"Toby, I thought we've lost you." Then more quietly to herself, "Or that baka dragon of a person had taken you as prisoner."
"Would like some coffee, Akira?" Sakura asked.
"Yes, please," Akira responded, still thinking about her encounter with the Princeton brothers, and her stupid fall with Nicolas.
Some minutes later, stars appeared in Akira's eyes as she sipped Sakura's coffee. "Wow! It's the best coffee I've ever taste, Sakura-chan. From now on you'll be making coffee for us every day."
Sosuke, who couldn't help but smile at the delicious coffee, said to his sister, "You're a slave driver, Akira."
Akira glared at her brother, and Sakura laughed.
It was nearly midnight when Sakura, fresh from a shower and in her cozy pajama, got ready for bed. She laid there staring up at the ceiling, with Toby on top of the duvet by her side, cozily asleep. She thought how nice Lady Haruka, Sosuke, and Akira were to her. For the first time in a long time, she felt right at home. She felt as though she actually belonged here with them. She smiled at that wonderful feeling and slowly drifted off to sleep.
* * * * *
Acknowledgement: I would like to thank @elli_k for suggesting the song Sakura by Ailee. It is now one of the soundtrack for Falling For Sakura. Check out the book trailer above ^_^