
She found herself in Darcy's arms, his hands tight around her, her face only inches from his massive chest. She could feel his body heat radiating, causing her to feel warm and dizzy at the same time. She tilted her face to look at him and saw he was gazing down at her, his eyes deep and intense. She felt her tummy flutter and her head started to spin. Perhaps it resulted from her tiredness due to her lack of sleep last night. Well, at least she hoped that was the reason, not Darcy's presence.
Without knowing it, her knees weakened and she lost her stance. Darcy swiftly tightened his hold on her, bringing her closer to him. His lips were warm near her forehead as he asked, "You're unwell?"
"Sakura, are you all right?" Conrad queried with concern.
Sakura wanted to tell him she couldn't sleep a wink because she'd been up all night thinking about many random things but especially about that nightmare and Sebastian and his kiss last night.
She managed to get hold of herself and shook her head to tell them she was fine. When she glanced over at the large dining table, she noted all the brothers were there, sporting rather concerned looks on their faces, which confused her. Shouldn't they be pleased she was suffering?
"Are you sure you're all right?" Tristan asked.
"Yes," she replied. "I'm very sure." She moved away from Darcy's arms and came to sit down at the end of the table as far away from the brothers as possible. Conrad would have none of it, however, and dragged her around the table to sit next to him and Darcy.
"What would you like, my dear sister?" Conrad asked, and Tristan nearly fell off his chair. Sebastian flashed Conrad a watch what you're saying look. Though Conrad had seen it, he decided to ignore it and hid a smile. Tristan laughed, and Nicolas, Logan, and Hayden watched the scene before them with interest.
"It's okay. I can take care of myself," Sakura said, somewhat confused as to why the brothers didn't seem to mind her presence all of a sudden.
What she'd just said didn't please the brothers one bit. They didn't like the fact that she thought she could take care of herself. Yes, of course she could take care of herself on most things, but certainly not one thing. She couldn't protect herself against Mark Chatsworth, whom the brothers had agreed was a wolf and out to snaffle Sakura away.
Sakura grabbed some toast and proceed to spread some strawberry jam on it, wondering where Daddy James and Mom Brenda had gone off to.
"Mom and Dad are already out," Conrad volunteered as if sensing her questioning look.
"They're early," she said.
"So," Tristan started, "what are your plans for the day, Sakura?"
She blinked and then took a bite of the toast.
"Well?" he prompted.
"She's going to be busy today, boys," Mary announced at the door. "Smells good," she said as she came in to sit beside Conrad. "Hmm, I'm hungry this morning."
Sakura smiled the moment she saw her friend. "Here, eat your fill, my bride-to-be, 'cause it's going to be a day filled with chores," she said, grabbing another toast and giving it to Mary across Conrad.
"Why thank you, my dear Sakura," Mary said politely. "How nice you put it. I shall indeed eat my fill afore you condemn me to an eternity of labor." Then they both laughed.
The brothers were interested in their odd behavior. It looked as though Sakura and Mary were very close friends.