
He brushed the anger aside and said, "But really, why are you so afraid of her? She's a just a girl, right?"
"Yes," Tara said. "But Mom is supposed to be dead. That girl Sakura was one of the girl Mom looked after back at the orphanage. What if she goes and tell the police. What if the police goes and dig up what really happens that night?"
Ray laughed. "Okay, let me get this straight. So are you saying that Julie, you were the one who burnt down that orphanage?"
Julie sighed. There was no point in hiding from Ray. He'd find out sooner or later. When she nodded, she chuckled. "Classic. You've got balls, Julie, and I like that."
Tara said, "Assuming she's going to the police, what then?"
"We can't let her go to the police," Julie said.
"Look," Ray said. "You two looked like you need some help."
Tara folded her arms across her chest. "What do you mean?"
Ray said, "If she goes to the police, you two are screwed. The Princeton will find out, eventually."
Tara's face flamed with terror at that very thought. She couldn't possibly let the Princeton brothers find out about her mother and her involving in something like this. She couldn't possibly let Sakura ruin her chance with the brothers. Not again. Not ever. She was going to get Sebastian or Darcy, one way or another.
She stood and said, "I have a fashion shoot in Hawaii this week." She clutched her hands when once again she remembered that only last week Mr. Tachibana had called her and Alaina into his office, informing them of Sakura, a new cast for the model, as well being the main one. And here all along Tara had thought she was the main female model who got to wear Mr. Tachibana's most expensive and desirable items as well as Lady Haruka's jewelries. Of course it didn't dampened down her anger either even though Mr. Tachibana had informed them that the Princeton brothers were the rest of the male models.
She said, "Sakura is one of the female models for Mr. Tachibana for his summer collection photo shoot in Hawaii."
Julie glanced up at her daughter and managed to make out a tentative smile. "That's good."
Ray knew the two was up to no good, and he was actually looking forward to the part when he got to play with them.
* * * * *
Alexia's Note: First off, I would like to apologize that I will not be able to update Falling For Sakura A Secret Proposal this coming Wednesday. I am working seven days straight through the weekend and won't have time to write or edit the story. Hopefully, I can get some writing done come Saturday and will try to post it up on Sunday, but I can't guarantee that. ^_^