
Tristan couldn't deny that Logan was his brother as well as his best friend and therefore felt it only right he tell him what had happened. "We broke up."
"Is that why you chose to crash at my apartment and drink yourself stupid? To celebrate your single life again?" Sebastian asked none too gently.
Tristan managed to look rather sorry for what he'd done. "Yeah. Really sorry about those paintings, bro."
Sebastian just shook his head since he didn't have anything else to say.
"She was hot," Logan said.
"She was too clingy," Tristan muttered.
"So... about that girl today," Conrad suddenly blurted out.
The brothers knew instantly whom he was talking about. It was hard to get the image of the young woman out of their minds, for God's sake. Especially for Sebastian and Darcy since they'd been the ones who had the most interaction with her.
"What nationality do you think she is?" Logan asked randomly.
"Caucasian-Asian," Nicolas said. "She's half Caucasian, half Asian."
"Very cute," Logan murmured, staring off at the sparkling water.
"Hey, did you hear that?" Sebastian asked.
"What?" Nicolas queried.
"Listen."
The brothers went quiet, and then they heard it. It was a dog barking, again and again, and getting closer and closer. They searched all around them, and then out of the blue a little West Highland white terrier appeared.
The dog ran up to the men's feet and stopped. He dropped something onto the ground, stood on his hind legs, and stuck his tongue out at Logan.
Logan crouched down and stroked the dog's head. "Isn't that..."
He didn't have to finish the sentence because they all knew what he meant, and instantly they circled around Toby, who seemed to be enjoying being the center of attention.
Nicolas picked him up and chuckled. "What are you doing here at this time of the night?"
"If he's here...," Conrad said.
"Then his owner..." Tristan continued the sentence. On cue, the musical voice they expected to hear came.
"Toby? Toby? Where are you? Come out now. You're grounded, mister!"
They waited expectedly for the owner of the dog to appear, but they didn't expect her to appear like that.
She was dressed in a lacy pink nightdress-flimsy and short-showing off her very fine figure of beautifully round breasts, small waist, slender legs, and small feet. With her tresses down and wet and her feet bare, she looked like some sort of wood nymph that they happened upon in the night.
The brothers couldn't stop staring at her.
Sakura didn't expect her dog to be surrounded by seven men in the middle of the night and in the woods near the house too. She was too shocked to say anything. In fact, she was too shocked to do anything. Then, when she was aware they were staring at her and she was in a near-naked state, she hastily turned on her heel, intending to rush back. But because she was confused, shocked, nervous, and totally out of her wits, she stumbled and fell flat on her face.
The brothers-except for Darcy-acted in accordance to their manly behavior. They rushed to save the damsel in distress. Since Sebastian was the closest to her, he got there first. He pulled her into his arms and asked her if she was all right. Sakura, however, was too shocked to reply. Logan helped her legs out of the vines, finally allowing Sebastian to lift her up.