
"Whoa! So pretty! So big!" the children murmured with delight. And Sakura agreed with them.
The man of the house came out to greet them. He was very handsome with silvery-gray eyes and golden-blond hair, very much like Tara's hair that everyone loved. He had a nice smile on his face as he greeted every one of them, and Sakura felt her heart quicken with happiness as his eyes met hers. There was kindness within those eyes that Sakura had never received from anyone before.
The man ushered the children to the large garden with a gentle, rolling lawn and magnolia trees, where delicious food and sweet drinks waited for them to enjoy. That was when the whole family came out, and Sakura instantly fell in love with them and knew she wanted to be with them.
They were a big family, just like she'd always wanted, and she did her best learning their names when they were introducing themselves to everyone.
The nice father's name was James Princeton, and the pretty mother's was Brenda Princeton. The oldest son was Nicolas, who was twelve years old and had golden-blond hair and silvery-gray eyes like his father, complete with glasses. He looked kind and at the same time serious, just like his father. Then there were the ten-year-olds, nonidentical triplets: Tristan with golden-brown hair and teal-blue eyes, Logan with copper-brown hair and silvery-gray eyes, and Sebastian with pale-blond hair and azure-blue eyes.
The boy with chestnut-brown hair and cobalt-blue eyes was eight-year-old Hayden. He had a mischievous look about him as he introduced himself. Next to Hayden were the nonidentical twins, Alaina and Darcy, at six years old. Alaina, the older sister by a mere three minutes, had honey-blond hair and baby blue eyes, and Darcy, the younger brother, had raven-black hair and mauve-gray eyes. And then there was the baby of the house, Conrad, at four years old, with golden-brown hair and silvery-gray eyes, hiding his face behind his mother's skirt.
Sakura couldn't take her eyes off all of the children because they fascinated her. She felt a pang of longing as she watched them play with the other children, especially with pretty Tara.
It wasn't until late afternoon that Sakura became aware of one of the boys, Sebastian, watching her.
"Where are you from?" he asked. "You're not from around here, are you?"
Sakura shook her head as she gazed at him, marveling at his blond hair that glittered like white gold under the sun and his azure-blue eyes, the same color as the beautiful summer sky that shone and stretched endlessly beyond the horizon.
She knew very well what he meant, for the majority of the population living on St. Joseph Island was white, and she, a half-bred little girl who'd been cast away by her own parents, was a rare specimen indeed.
"Her mother threw her away when she was a baby," Tara said behind Sebastian. "Mommy said she's tainted, a devil's daughter, and no one wants her."
Sakura felt her heart thumping furiously in response, her face flushing with shame. She felt like running away to hide because she didn't want this beautiful boy to know she was a throwaway, a piece of rubbish no one wanted, not even her own mother or father.
Perhaps Tara was right. Perhaps she was tainted. Perhaps she was a devil's daughter, and that was why no one wanted her.
"How could a mother throw her own daughter away?" Nicolas asked. He pushed his glasses up the bridge of his fine nose and made a frown very much like his father when he was contemplating something very important. "That's just mean."
Tristan stepped toward her and pulled her hair. "Maybe you are the devil's daughter. Your hair is so black."