
"Mina," she said, "please enjoy."
Everyone nodded and dug in. The brothers found that they enjoyed the food tremendously. It was nearer to the end of the meal when Haruka finally asked, "Nicolas-san, I have been wondering about that girl from last night."
Sebastian and Darcy lifted their heads up to look at Haruka in unison. Sosuke noticed this and raised his brows in surprised at the reaction.
Nicolas said, "The girl in the finale?"
"The one that ran off," Akira put in. "With Oba-chan's necklace and Mr. Tachibana's gown."
"She's not a thief," Conrad said firmly from the other side of the table. "She was running away from us."
Haruka frowned at this and said, "Why?"
"It's a family affair," Sebastian said. "Why do you want to know about her?"
"A family affair?" Akira cocked her head to one side. "It seem you all worried about her very much."
Hayden nodded. "She was our adopted sister. Something happened last year and ..."
"We're still looking into the case," Nicolas said. "I understand you'd want your jewel back, and I promise to do whatever is in our power to get it back to you."
Haruka just smiled and shook her head. "It's not the necklace I'm worried about. Please, just find her, this adopted sister of yours."
Sebastian and his brothers didn't miss the tears that seemed to swelled quite quickly within Haruka's eyes. She couldn't help herself and dapped her eyes with the back of her sleeves.
"I'm sorry, something is in my eyes," she said quickly as she got up. "Please excuse me."
She left the room in a hurry as the brothers watched her go, little curiously and confused. Akira said, "Excuse me," and then followed her aunt out the room.
Sosuke said, "Please enjoy the meal, Oba-chan isn't feeling very well lately."
The brothers nodded and continued with their meals. It was half an hour later when the brothers thanked Haruka for the meal and left.
"She was crying," Conrad said as they walked up the stairs back to the third floor apartment.
"Sosuke said she isn't well lately," Logan supplied. "She's probably just tired."
Sebastian, however, was convinced with that. He had seen the look on her face when they had mentioned Sakura's name. Then there had been last night at the conference room, when she had asked about Sakura and how she was related to them. Something was nagging at him, and he knew he had to find out. It was just his nature.
Back at the apartment, Beth made him coffee and chocolate cake for afternoon tea. None of the brothers bothered with coffee or cake, since they were so full from their recent lunch. They headed straight to work discussing about last night and Sakura. It was half an hour later when the request Nicolas had put through to his team came back via email.
"We've got it," he said loudly.
Darcy, who was sitting on the sofa, quickly got himself up and rushed over to Nicolas.
"Put it up on the big screen," Sebastian said.
Hayden pulled down the white screen whilst Logan prepared the projector. Tristan quickly shut all the curtains in the room to darken the place.
Nicolas opened the file and pushed the play buttons. In seconds, the white screen shot up with flicks of the fashion show from last night. The brothers watch intensely, looking for any clues they might find that could help them find Sakura.