
He got up and headed to the adjoining bathroom. Standing over the sink, he took his shirt off, exposing his fitted, toned, lean muscles that were taut with anxiety and tension. He splashed cold water on his face a couple of times, to clear his head. That felt much better, he thought, and lifted his head up to look at himself in the mirror.
The man staring back at him wasn't the same Darcy who had existed one year ago. This Darcy had matured both physically and mentally. His raven black hair was stylishly cut, the thick locks nestling lovingly about his neck. The handsome face was now marked with maturity of strong jaw line, high cheekbones, aquiline nose, and firm lips that rarely smile. Those mauve-grey eyes of his were now clearer, sharper, and more determined than ever, showing the world this was a man on top of the game, on top of the world. However, if one were to look closer one would see that those eyes was marked with darkness and torment, with loneliness and lost.
Darcy was no longer the pretty boy of the Princeton. He was now the dark knight of the Princeton, utterly dangerous and utterly mysterious. That was why so many women flocked to him, flirted with him, and even dared to ask him out. That was why so many women dreamt of becoming his girlfriend, of becoming his wife, and dared to stalk him.
Darcy, however, paid them no heed and went about his days working hard on his creation. By night, he'd feel his heart ached as he stared at the hundreds of photos lining up the walls of his room; photos of him and his beloved Snow kissing in the woods, the photo he had secretly taken that day when they had kissed under the cherry blossom tree.
He moved his hand to touch his breastbone beneath the muscular chest, caressing the exotic tattoo of the Sakura flowers that were intertwining and wrapping itself around the word Snow that only he could read and understood.
Mindlessly, he gazed at the tattoo that he had gotten done nine months ago. It was a symbol of Sakura, of his Snow. He wanted to imprint her within his heart for always and forever. Hence, every time he stared at the tattoo, he'd see her within his mind's eye, and his heart would ache for her, for her love, for her warmth, for her kiss, for them to be together forever.
"Snow," he whispered, his fingers caressing the tattoo. Instantly, his heart ached even more and he had to take a deep breath to control himself. Then he splashed more cold water on his face, to clear his head, to wake himself up. Once he was done, he headed out the door of his bedroom, out the door of the penthouse apartment that he shared with his brothers and into the private garden outside on the rooftop of the building.
Alone, he tilted his head, allowing the morning breeze to caress his skin as he gazed off at the orange glow of the sun that was just rising over the city of New York. A gentle breeze swirled around him and petals of cherry blossoms touched his cheek, attracting his attention. He brought his fingers to feel it. Something deep within him stirred. He closed his eyes and then he was there again-little Darcy, resting his head on her lap as he lay there on the grass, his eyes large watching her as she stroked his hair.
"Snow? Why do cherry blossoms fall?" he asked, gazing off at the millions of tiny pale pink petals raining on them.
"They are tears of spring, Darce," she replied, smiling as she, too, gazed up at the swirling flowers that surrounded them. "They tell us that spring is here. We're under this cherry blossom tree, Darce, and we are one."