
The brothers agreed that it was a good idea, and Sebastian promised to take her for the appointment himself. With that settled, Akira went off into the kitchen to help the housekeeper prepare the tea. Oddly enough, Nicolas volunteered to help her, which annoyed Akira.
Ten minutes later, the brother sat around the low table, enjoying their tea and cake. Sakura was there as well, sipping her chicken soup. Sebastian was beside her and Darcy was on her other side, with Toby on his lap, quiet and content.
"So, Sakura darling," Tristan began. "What have you been doing for the past year?"
Sakura swallowed the soup in her mouth and said, "Running my small business."
"The Tanaka Gallery?" Hayden queried.
"Why did you changed your last name?" Conrad asked, more than a little upset over the idea.
With the color coming back to her face, Sakura managed to blush, which of course, pleased the brothers. They knew she was feeling better.
"I didn't want you guys to find me," she stated obviously. "And my biological mother's name is Tanaka."
Conrad nodded, decided to accept her explanation-for now. She was still too sick, after all. He and his brothers would make sure that she'd change her last name back to Princeton once everything was settle, of course.
"Even so," Logan said. "You need to change it back to Princeton. That's your name. It just suits you better."
Nicolas stared at his brother. "That's up to Sakura, Logan. Just be glad that we've found her." He turned his attention to their ex-adopted sister then. "Sakura, Mom and Dad misses you. They'd want to see you."
Sakura nodded. She had no choice now. It was too late to run. Too late to escape. Fate wanted her to meet the brothers once again, and she couldn't be bother fighting it any more.
"Sakura-chan," Akira said from the other side of the table. "I've called Oba-chan and told her you're unwell. She will inform Tachibana-sensei. Of course, you'll have to go and do more fittings before we leave for Hawaii."
Tristan thought that it was a perfect opportunity to intervene. "Ah, Hawaii and photoshoot." He turned to Akira and said, "You're one of the models, so I've heard."
Akira nodded, blinking. "Yes?" Then she took a sip of her hot tea.
"We'll be there as well," Logan said from the other side. "We've signed a contract to be Mr. Tachibana's male models for the summer collection."
At this news, Sakura tightened her hands on the warm bowl in her hands and glanced at Darcy. She noted that he was looking at her. He gave her a handsome grin and nodded.
Akira, on the other hand, nearly chocked on her tea and had to swallow hard. "You guys are Tachibana-sensei's male models?" She eyed Nicolas and the image of him naked rushed to her mind. She blushed and her heart began to race, just a little.
"We'll be horrible at it," Nicolas said, nudging the glasses up the bridge of his nose, just like Sosuke liked to do, Akira thought in awe. "But yes, we've already signed the contract." He turned to smile at Sakura.
Sakura had a feeling that this was all premediated by the brothers themselves and someone else, to be close to her, of course. But she didn't bother to dwell into that too much because she suddenly felt like she wanted to shut her eyes and sleep forever.
Sebastian noted the tired expression on her face and knew that he was partially to blame. He had kept her up until three in the morning most nights, chatting to her online for the past week. She had told him that she had work to do today, which he now found out was the fitting for the photoshoot.