
Luke eyes were bright as he gazed at Sakura. She was especially beautiful today, with her long hair down, her beautiful face flawless, and her clothing immaculate. He chuckled at the question, wondering if he should tell her that his boss was actually Sebastian Princeton, one of the owners of this high end hotel chain.
"Helping out as usual," Jane remarked sourly. "Part of his job description."
"Oh?" Sakura chocked her head to one side, wondering what type of job that was.
Jane grabbed Sakura's arm again and dragged her off. "Sorry, Luke, we're in a hurry."
"See you later," Sakura said, giving him a smile as they walked away.
Luke cherished that smile. He watched as the girls disappeared around the corner and out of his sight. He was about to followed them and suggested they have dinner tonight after work when he saw the Princeton brothers arriving through the front door.
The moment they stepped into the main lobby, the world stopped. Well, at least every person in that lobby had stopped what he was doing and simply stared in awe at the brothers. They were a sight to behold all right. The atmosphere was like that of a famous celebrity unexpectedly walking into Princeton Hotel, and indeed the Princeton brothers were the celebrity in the business world.
Nicolas and Sebastian were walking a head of his other brothers, followed by Conrad, Hayden, Tristan, and Logan. They all dressed immaculately in Armani suits. As they strode confidently across the length of the floor, every female within the lobby couldn't help but gawked at the six handsome young men, praying that they'd be the one to catch the men's eyes, if only for a brief moment.
Logan chose that moment to wink at a few of the rich, pretty female guests, while Tristan, being the flirty one, blew a few kisses to a few groups of the females waving at them and giggling away excitedly.
Luke rushed up to them and politely greeted them a good morning.
"Luke, good morning," Sebastian greeted the moment he had spotted his PA. "Sorry to drag you into this, man, but we are very short handed today. Your job is to look after the Suzuki's family, Lady Haruka and her nephew, Sosuke. Make sure they're comfortable and get anything they wanted."
"Of course," Luke said, nodding his head. He understood his job perfectly. He was to be the Suzuki's escort. After all, the Suzuki family was a very well-known noble and rich family from Japan who owned the famous Jade Jewelry Corporation. They were famous for their unique jewelry design and those were going to be on the show tonight, along with the famous designer Mr. Tachibana's spring-summer collections.
"They should be arriving very soon," Sebastian said, looking toward the door.
Nicolas checked his watch and said, "I'm having a quick meeting with Mr. Lloyd in my office in five minutes. Tell Sosuke I'm in my office when he arrived."
Sebastian nodded and Nicolas left them, walking briskly to the lift.
Once Nicolas disappeared, Haruka, Sosuke, and Akira came in through the front door. Sebastian paced over to them, along with his brothers and Luke.
"Sebastian-san," Haruka greeted. "Ohayo."
Sebastian bowed, and his brothers followed suit.
"Ohayo," Sebastian greeted back.
"Sebastian-san, perhaps you should introduce your dear brother to us," Akira suggested, smiling, sneaking a peek at Sosuke to see his reaction. She chuckled when she saw him frowning at her.
"Glad too," Sebastian said and turned to his brothers. "This is Tristan, Logan, Hayden and Conrad."