
Tara fisted her hands and tried to control the anger that was rising within her chest. So he was kicking her out of the family after all. Fine! That was totally fine with her.
"Completely," she said and turned on her heel. As she left the room, she silently murmured, "But before I'm gone, there's going to be a big show, and I'm sure you won't like it, James. You won't like it at all. All too soon, your golden girl too will be gone." She smiled slyly, her eyes narrowed.
She rushed up the stairs and headed to Alaina's room. She found her friend crying her heart out. Aw, Tara thought, the poor little rich girl having a wee tantrum.
She came to sit beside Alaina and stroked the younger woman's hair. "Hey," she said softly.
Alaina looked up and wiped her tears. "I can't believe it. Just can't believe it. Now I hate that bitch more than ever."
Yes, Tara thought, hate her. Hate her. Hate her. God, that felt good. So very good.
She said, "But we can't touch her. She's his golden girl."
Alaina harrumphed. "I know we can't!" she snapped, fisting her hands tight. "But I'm sure Kate can."
Tara cocked her head to one side, catching on Alaina's meaning immediately, but pretended she didn't understand. "Meaning?"
"She rang me complaining about Darcy not returning her calls or talking to her when he happened to pick up the phone. She said she wants him back. The stupid bitch. Darcy would never go back to the likes of her. But now we need her."
Tara chuckled. "Yes, I'm sure you've seen how Darcy looks at Sakura. He's smitten with her."
"I know," Alaina said through gritted teeth. "That's why Kate is going to come. She's going to teach that bitch a lesson she'll never forget."
"But I thought you never liked giving Darcy to Kate," Tara probed.
"I don't, but Kate is better than Sakura, isn't she? Besides, Darcy doesn't like Kate any more than you or I. When this is all over, Darcy is still my Darcy and Sakura can just go and die and leave all of us to live in peace."
Tara chuckled. "Then we should give Kate a call ASAP."
Alaina nodded and picked up the phone.
* * *
Beth didn't look very pleased when Sakura showed her the ruined bridesmaid's gown. It was beyond fixable. Of course she knew what had happened yesterday, along with James and Brenda, who had a serious meeting with Alaina and Tara early this morning. Though Beth hadn't a clue as to what had been said, from the look on the two women's faces she surmised it wasn't good. They had looked as though James had given them a sentence worse than death itself. Serves them right, she thought secretly, for behaving in such a distasteful manner and bullying Sakura, even at this age. Had they forgotten how James and Brenda loved Sakura?
What Beth couldn't believe also was the fact that Sakura didn't tell her friends, Mary and Katherine, who naturally had already found out. Sakura just told them she'd had an accident and now the dress was ruined.
"We have to fix it," Mary said. "It's too late to find you another one that will actually fit you."
Katherine said, "I'm sure between the four of us, we could figure something out. Maybe cut something out. I mean, Sakura's dress and mine don't have to be in the same design, right?"
"Yes, it doesn't have to be in the same design. The color alone is enough," Mary said, nodding her head.