
"Please be careful packing, apparently it's still a bit wet," Darcy said, taking his wallet out.
"Really?" Melissa asked. "I will. Oh, it'll have to be check, sir. Our system isn't' working today." That was a lie, but then again, Melissa was used to lying.
After he had signed and given her the five thousand dollars check, Darcy carried the two paintings out the door, leaving Melissa to wonder how was she to ask him out on a date. Of course she was going to stalk him on Facebook right after work and then she'd befriend him and send him a pirate message. She grinned at the thought. Only a while more to go.
Outside, Darcy carefully placed the two paintings in the boot of his car and then drove across from Soho to the other side of town to Princeton Hotel. After parking the car the in private parking lot under the building, he headed up the stairs and came into the main foyer. He was struck with a hive of activities. There were people everywhere, guests of all assort, staffs going about their works, and those who were there for the fashion show.
He hurried past them toward the lift. Thank God, not many where there and when it dinged, he walked in. A couple of people got into the lift with him and when it closed again, Darcy sighed with relief. He hated sharing his space with other people, especially in a lift and especially when it was jammed pack with people.
His phoned beeped. He got it out of his pocket and saw that he had a text message.
Ding! He knew the door of the elevator had just opened again and more people were coming in. Darcy wasn't paying any attention though as he was too busy reading the text from Conrad.

Darcy, where the heck are you? We're at Mom and Dad's penthouse. Meeting before the show. Hurry!!!

Darcy texted back: In the lift. Be there soon. Then he pushed sent. That was when he suddenly realized that the lift was jammed pack with people.
"Shit!" he swore under his breath as he was being pushed back to the corner. Then that was when he realized that there was a lovely blonde squashed right up against him. Oh God! He could feel her softness against his hard length. Her hair, the color reminded him of dust corn, was brushing against his chin. Her smell—she had beautiful smell, he thought. It reminded him of spring, and instantly, the image of the cherry blossom tree came rushing back to him in full force. The gentle breeze, the warmth, the soft lips of Sakura—
He flashed his opened and gritted his teeth. Without knowing it, his hand was lifted up with its own accord, ready to touch the lock of pale blonde hair. Darcy held himself in check on time. Shit! He was just about to caress a stranger.
Then there was some more shuffling within the elevator, and she was thrust up against him even more, the side of her face snuggling against his massive, brick wall of chest.
"Oh God! I'm so sorry," she said breathlessly.
That voice. Shit! That voice. He knew he had heard of that voice before. No! It couldn't be. How could it be? Sakura couldn't be here. Not here! Yes, he must be going crazy, he thought.