
Conrad nodded. "Can I sit on your bed, Sakura?"
Sakura sighed. "Look, I'll be fine."
"They might come back," Darcy said. "I won't allow them to-" He broke off, glancing away. His heart wrenched with pain at the thought that she might have just died if he hadn't happened to be there. That just meant Alaina would be a murderer too. His face became even grimmer at the thought. "Go back in. Sebastian will find your underwear. You don't look presentable enough to come down for dinner."
Sakura sighed. "Okay."
"Can I sit on your bed?" Conrad asked again. "I like your bed."
Sakura couldn't help herself. Despite being so tired, she smiled at Conrad and said, "Yeah," before turning back into the bathroom.
Once she closed the door, Conrad happily made himself comfortable on the bed, Toby with him. Darcy sat on the chair by the study desk while Sebastian went through her wardrobe, searching for her bra and panties. Once he found some in a small drawer, he lightly knocked on the door.
Sakura poked her head out and quickly grabbed the underwear, her face flaming red from embarrassment. Then she hastily closed the door again.
Sebastian noticed the blushing but kept his face straight as he knew she was very sensitive. That, of course, made him wonder if she was still a virgin. She surely did act like one. That made him smile. He didn't know why, but he liked the fact that she was still a virgin.
Darcy picked up Sakura's photo album sitting on the desk and flicked through. He was impressed, noting the many beautiful pictures of nature she had captured. The latest one was of a cherry tree in the woods. It looked very professional, and he liked it a lot. As he gazed at it, something triggered within his mind. Then the images flashed before his eyes.
The summer breeze. The dark hair dancing in the wind. The warm smile. The small, gentle hand stroking his hair. The warm lips on his cheek. The tree! It was the same tree he and she-
Sakura opened the door and came out. Darcy put the photo album back in place and stood up, his whole being shaking involuntarily.
"Do I look much more presentable for dinner now?" she asked.
Darcy felt his heart pumping a bit too fast for his liking. He gritted his teeth. Calm down, you old beast! Why was it so painful looking at her? But why did he feel pleasure, too? And why did he want to be with her so badly? Only moments before-when she came out wearing that dress without underwear, her porcelain skin glistening wet, and her long hair in a wild mess-he had felt surges of pleasure through his veins and his heart somersaulting. Yes, the pleasure and thrill mixed together was utterly intoxicating, exactly like when he was diving-his body flying and twisting and turning in midair before hitting the water in the pool. It was truly wonderful, and she made him feel wonderful. But at the same time, he felt pain. So much pain.
He cleared his throat. "Yes," he said and then walked out the door.
Sebastian turned to her. He touched her arm and said, "It would be better to lock your door from now on."
Sakura wasn't happy with that idea. "What? Suddenly I'm not safe in my own house anymore?"
"That's not it," Conrad said from the bed. "You are safe. But it's them."
"They're your sisters, Conrad," Sakura said. "As I am."
Conrad didn't know whether to smile, scowl, or cry at her remark. Yes, Alaina was his real sister. Tara was his adopted sister. But Sakura? The reality suddenly hit him. She was also his adopted sister. But that wasn't what he wanted.