
"Now imagine you're that feather," he suggested.
"No, I'm not a feather. I'm a sakura," she said, smiling and closing her eyes.
Sebastian didn't understand what she meant but didn't ask, as she was doing rather well.
What Sakura meant was that she was imagining herself as a cherry blossom floating in midair in spring. She smiled at that thought.
Slowly, Sebastian let her go. He watched her floating before him, her eyes closed and a serene expression on her face. She made his heart glow, and he couldn't stop watching her.
When she opened her eyes again, she noted he was a good distance away from her and gasped. "I'm floating!" she shrieked excitedly. "I'm floating!" She laughed merrily.
Sebastian thought his heart would really burst if it swelled much bigger, but that was exactly how he felt. She was beautiful. Her laughter was beautiful. She made him feel wonderful.
She smiled at him. "I can float! Yay!" She giggled some more.
"How about floating on your back now?" he suggested.
She blinked. "Huh?"
"On your back," he said, coming toward her.
Once he was close to her, her heart started to beat fast again. Sebastian wrapped one arm about the small of her waist and made her bend back. "Here, lie back," he said.
Sakura followed his instruction. Oh, God! She could feel his firm hand on her waist, warm and sensual, and oh, God, why was her tummy fluttering again?
Sebastian gently ran his hand from her lower back up to the nape of her neck, his fingers caressing her skin. "Now imagine you're that feather again, floating."
Sakura closed her eyes, trying to ignore Sebastian's hands on her person. It was hard with him being so close and the fact that her body was going haywire wanting-
No! She was not going to think about it. Sebastian was her adopted brother, after all. But oh, God! Was she really attracted to him? She growled in frustration.
He chuckled. "Come on now. You did it before."
She wanted to tell him it wasn't the floating, but because of him. He frustrated her. He confused her.
"Right. Imagine you're that feather again," he said.
Sakura obeyed and closed her eyes while he held her there between air and water, almost carrying her. She imagined herself as the cherry blossom again, floating and floating and floating.
Sebastian couldn't help himself. The serene look on her face was beginning to affect him, and he felt desire burning hotter and hotter in his blood. Her skin was so soft against his touch, and her woman's body was ready for him, he knew. But how could he think such horrible thoughts about her when she trusted him to teach her?
He gritted his teeth and let her go. She didn't sink, and he was glad.
Silently he cursed himself. Silently he prayed she wasn't his adopted sister. Silently he ached to kiss and touch her, to explore her beautiful body, to feel her against him, beneath him. He ached to feel himself inside her. Oh, God! He ached so much.
Sakura opened her eyes, and when she realized Sebastian was no longer holding her, she knew she was floating all by herself. Her heart burst with happiness at that moment and she laughed. "Yay!" she shouted.
Then she turned to her side to look at Sebastian to see if he was proud of her. When she met his gaze though, she saw something that caused her stomach to flip and her heart to skip. There was something in the expression on his face and that made her heart do a somersault. Then her stomach flipped again and her body ached, and then-