
Escaped

She was nuts-that Sakura was very sure off. She was utterly and foolishly nuts. What made her think she'd get away from the Princeton brothers? What made her think they'd forget about her, especially after last spring, after what they had been through?
She closed her eyes and felt tears burnt within them.
What am I going to do now? she thought. The brothers had found out that she was here, living in New York, in fact, a mere stone throw away from the Hotel. What should I do?
No. No. No. Don't think about that now, for that was the least of her worries.
Yes, now she had to figure out how she was going to get her handbag, which was still back at the hotel backstage, and of course, how the hell she was going to return this million dollar gown and diamond necklace.
"You all right there, miss?"
Sakura flashed her eyes open at the inquiry. She managed to give the taxi driver a small smile.
"Yes, I'm fine, thanks," she said.
"Fashion show, it is?"
She nodded.
"Didn't have time to change, eh?" the driver chuckled.
"Yeah, I was in such a rush," Sakura replied, noting that they were driving through the familiar streets of Soho. A few moments later, they were outside the gallery.
"Can you wait here a moment?" Sakura said.
"Sure thing," the driver said.
"Thanks." Sakura rushed out into the street and through the door of the Tanaka's gallery, her hands holding up her long skirt so that she wouldn't tripped over them.
"Holy shit!" Melissa greet Sakura the moment she was in the gallery.
"Is Ned in?" Sakura asked.
Melissa blinked. "How come you dressed like that?"
Sakura didn't have the patient to answer Melissa, nor did she feel the need to explain what had just transpired.
"Is Ned in?" she asked again.
Melissa wanted to scream out the word bitch to Sakura but managed to reframe herself from doing so.
"Upstairs," she said coldly.
Sakura didn't have time to register Melissa's cold stare and headed to the stairs. She found Ned in the kitchen, making a cup of coffee. Toby was fast asleep in his basket on the other side of the room.
"Ned," Sakura called out.
Ned glanced up, and the moment he had seen the look on her face, he knew something was up. The fact that she was wearing designer gown and a million dollar necklace didn't missed Ned either.
He smiled gently and said, "They found you, eh?"
Sakura slowly nodded. "What am I going to do?"
"Not much," he said.
"That's not very helpful," Sakura retorted, crashing herself on a seat. Her body was still shaking from the encounter. She also felt a headache coming.
"Oh damn, I forgot." She looked up to Ned. "The taxi driver is still waiting out front."
"You didn't have your bag with you?"
Sakura shook her head. "I was in such a rush. I didn't have time. Do you mind?"