
Actually, she had decided. She decided to run away as soon as Sebastian put her down.
When he did put her in the back seat, however, Conrad quickly slid in beside her, followed by Logan. Hence both of her exits were blocked, and she wanted to scream.
Nicolas got into the front seat followed by Sebastian in the driver's seat.
Outside, Tristan chuckled merrily and slapped Darcy on the shoulder. "Looks like you're riding with us, bro."
Darcy narrowed his eyes dangerously at Logan, who had stolen his seat in the car. Logan, however, didn't see the death ray his younger brother gave him because he was too busy trying to please their new acquaintance.
"So," Nicolas began charmingly once Sebastian started the engine, "where do you live?"
Sakura panicked. Oh God! What should she tell them? She couldn't possibly tell them she was living at Princeton Mansion where they were heading, could she? Well, she could, but she refused to let them know she was Sakura, their adopted sister that they had entirely forgotten ever existed.
Suddenly, she realized all four of them were watching her, waiting for her answer. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
"Just drive straight," she began. "It's a long, narrow road. Then when you get to the intersection, turn right and then left and then left again."
Conrad cocked his head to one side. "That's pretty close to Princeton Mansion, isn't it?"
"Good," Sebastian said with double meaning and started the engine.
"So what's your name?" Logan asked, moving closer to her.
Sakura glared at him. "I don't tell strangers my name."
Logan laughed and Conrad said, "We're not strangers. We're your neighbors. We live at Princeton Mansion."
Sakura wanted to shout at him that she knew that. But of course she didn't, and she refused to pay them any more attention.
Toby looked up at her, sensing her unsettled emotions. He started whimpering at her and licking her hand.
"It's all right, Toby," she said, patting his head. "I'm fine."
"You're not fine," Sebastian countered. "You're in shock."
"I'm not in shock!" she retorted. "I'm afraid. How do you think I feel when all seven of you refuse to leave me alone and are now taking me for a drive?"
The moment she had said those words, realization dawned on them.
"Shit!" Sebastian muttered under his breath.
Nicolas, always the calm and levelheaded one, turned to her and said, "As the eldest Princeton brother, I take full responsibility for our unthinkable actions. I'm very sorry that we've frightened you. However, I guarantee you none of us meant you any harm. We want to see you home safe and sound."
Both Logan and Conrad nodded furiously.
Sakura went quiet once she saw the sincerity in Nicolas's eyes. He reminded her so much of Daddy James, and she couldn't help but relax. The brothers smiled when they saw she had accepted Nicolas's apology and promise. Toby stuck out his tongue then, pleased.
A few minutes later, the car turned at the intersection as Sakura had told them, but it also surprised them when the black car behind them turned as well, instead of going straight to Princeton Mansion.
"What are they doing?" Sebastian said under his breath.