
Sakura stopped, wondering where the voice had come from. "Sakura?" She heard it again. "Sakura?"
Sakura searched around for the owner of that familiar voice, but he was nowhere to be found. Suddenly she saw azure eyes and a hand reached out to her.
"Sakura?"
She felt hands touching her face. Sakura blinked. In her dazed and feverish state, she felt herself being lifted and then positioned on someone's back. She felt the person running, his breathing hard and labored. He smelled nice, of earth and pinewood. She loved his smell.
"Don't die on me, Sakura," she heard him say.
She didn't know how long he'd been running, piggybacking her, nor did she know that it was getting dark. Suddenly she felt cool drops of rain on her skin. That felt nice. It cooled down her hot skin. She sighed. Her chest still hurt, though, and she groaned again.
"Hold on, Sakura. We're almost there," he said.
Oh no! Too cold now. Too much rain. She shivered. No! Way too cold now.
"Shit! A storm? Now?" She heard him swear.
She heard thunder clashing in the distance, and automatically she tightened her arms around him. She whimpered, afraid.
She felt him tighten his hold on her as if to soothe her fear.
"We'll have to stay there for the night," he said. "It's too dark. And the storm..."
Some more running, and then she couldn't feel the rain anymore. She felt him gently lay her on the cold, hard ground. She tried to open her eyes but found she couldn't and closed them again.
When she did manage to open her eyes sometime later, she saw a small fire burning brightly not too far away. She felt so very cold. She shivered. Her chest still hurt. Her body ached. Where am I?
She groaned. She reached her hand toward the fire but found she was too weak to do so. Then she felt herself being moved and her body was on top of someone. The chest was bare and very warm. She sighed and rested her face against the nape of the person's neck and her body against that very warm, inviting naked body. She felt arms embracing her, hugging her, keeping her warm. She turned her face to gaze up at the boy who was hugging her. She saw azure eyes looking down at her with concern. His young face was marked with sweat and dirt.
"You have a fever," he said softly, pulling his jacket on top of her as a blanket.
"Sebastian," she whispered.
Sebastian tightened his arms around her as he rested his back against the cold, hard rock behind him. At least this cave would keep them dry and warm for the night. Tomorrow morning when the rain stopped, he'd take her home, and Dr. Young would treat her fever. It was from the drowning. Too much water had penetrated her lungs, and now she was infected with pneumonia. He just hoped she'd survive the night. No, he told himself firmly. She will survive this night. He'd make sure of that.
Sakura moved and touched her cold hand against his warm, bare chest. "Why did you come after me?"
He softened his face and asked, "Why did you run away?"
She bit her lip. Her heart hurt. "Because no one wants me. I don't want to burden anybody."
"That's not true," he said. In fact, everyone, except for Alaina and Tara, was out searching for her since early this morning when they'd found her gone from her room. They all had practically turned the house upside down looking for her and had to extend the search to the whole estate once they couldn't find her.