
"Yes, only the rich and famous can afford his brand," Jane said matter-of-factly. "And we are certainly not the rich and famous."
"Don't you like Mr. Tachibana?" Sakura asked. "I thought you're working for him?"
Jane laughed. "Yes, of course I work for him."
Sakura had the sudden urge to ask Jane about a certain woman named Haruka Tanaka. She really couldn't help herself and blurted out, "Isn't there a woman named Haruka Tanaka working for Mr. Tachibana as well?"
Jane glanced at her friend, her eyes large. She slowly nodded. "Yeah," she said. "Though we all call her Ms. Ruka." She leaned toward Sakura as she added, "She won't tolerate anyone calling her anything else."
Sakura cocked her head to one side. "Really?"
Jane nodded her head again. "She's lovely but also very feisty. She likes men. The hotter, the better."
Sakura frowned at that. "Why doesn't she like anyone to call her by her real name?"
"Huh?" Then Jane laughed, wondering why her friend was so interested in Ms. Ruka, the famous Japanese stylish who had changed her name—actually she should say his name—from Jiro Tanaka to Haruka Tanaka. Ms. Ruka was a transgender after all, and why she had decided to choose the exact same name as the well-known, wealthy Haruka Suzuki, the owner and designer of Jade Jewelry Co. was beyond her. Then Jane thought of something rather interesting. There was something in Sakura Tanaka that reminded her of Haruka Suzuki. Perhaps it was in the way that they walk, the way that they talk, or even the way that they did things. They were oddly similar. But then again Jane thought that was of course stupid and brushed the very idea off her mind.
"You're being nosy, aren't you? Well, I don't blame you. If you happened to meet her, remember to always refer to her as a her and call her by her name as Ms. Ruka. Got it?"
Sakura didn't get it but nodded anyway. She thought that her biological mother sounded a bit weird, but then again, who was she to judge?
She decided to change the subject. "What's the inside gossip?"
Jane took another sip of her coffee and sighed. "Mr. Tachibana is totally at a lost. He's tearing his hair out trying to find eight perfect male models to cast for his new menswear collection."
Sakura cocked her head to one side. "But there are plenty of hot male models out there. Surely, it wouldn't be that hard, right?"
Jane laughed. "You don't know Mr. Tachibana. He's very specific. The title of his new collection is, get this—'Young Men In The Business World'."
"Whoa, that sounds like something," Sakura said.
"Yeah, if you ask me. He said those young, super-hot male models aren't real enough for him. He wants real young businessmen in the business world. He especially wants young businessmen who already accomplished so much as to earn at least a couple of millions a year."
Luke laughed. He simply couldn't help himself. Once he had gained his composure, he said, "Good luck with that."
Jane frowned. "What about your boss and his brothers? They're young, hot, and billionaires. And I heard from a very reliable source that Mr. Tachibana has been begging them on his knees to model for him."
"Naturally they refused of course," Luke put it mildly.
"Well," Jane said, finally finishing her very delicious cup of coffee. "He better find those eight male models soon because the date for the release of the catalogue is due to come out in a few weeks' time. Not to mention the fact that some of those photos will be going into The New Men's Magazine and Vogue next month, too."