
Sakura panicked the moment she realized that the brothers had recognized her after all. She instantly knew for a fact that they weren't going to let her go that easily. She hastily turned on her heels and started walking back. As she walked, she noted that Nicolas, Tristan, Hayden, and Conrad were following her on her left amongst the crowd below the elevated platform. On her right were Sebastian, Darcy, and Logan. Oh God! Oh God! Please make them stop following me. Please, God!
Finally, she reached the end of the runway and breathed with relief. Now was her chance to escape. She rushed down the stairs, taking two steps at a time, never minding the four inch heels that were burning her feet.
She was about to go free when Mr. Tachibana caught her by the arm and said, "We're not done yet, my dear."
Suddenly, she found herself being dragged back onto the catwalk. Then only a moment later, she was striding down the runway yet again with Mr. Tachibana by her side. She noted that Mr. Tachibana was waving happily. No doubt his show was a success, she thought. Sakura's mission, however, wasn't at all a success. In fact, it was a total failure, and not only that, she now had herself in a big mess.
She noted that the brothers' were still on to her. Please, she thought, let this finish soon so that she could run away.
Her prayer, however, didn't reach God, and hence it didn't come true as once all the models returned to the end of the stage, Mr. Tachibana began to make a speech.
Sakura glanced to her left and noted that both Sebastian and Darcy were watching her intensely. Her heart raced and her stomach flipped. She gritted her teeth. Why here? Why now?
Suddenly, Mr. Tachibana took her hand and raised it up high with his as he bowed. Sakura didn't know what to do and decided to awkwardly bow as well. Then there were loud cheers and clapping of the hands. Finally, they started exiting the runway, and Sakura sighed with relief. Once they got to the backstage, Sakura thought that this was it.
"Tachibana-sama," Ms. Tanaka said. "We have a request. Mr. Princeton would like to meet with our finale girl."
Sakura gasped. No! No! No!
She released her hand from Mr. Tachibana's grasp and shook her head. "I can't. I'm busy," she said and made for a run. She was dashing to the right when, to her horror, she found Sebastian standing there, his large frame blocking her exit. Her heart jolted again and she wanted to cry. Blast him, she thought. What the hell was he doing here anyway? She needed to get away and fast. She didn't want to see him, or any of his brothers for that matter.
She turned and dashed in the opposite direction. Her body, however, slammed into another hard body. Puff! She smashed onto a hard, masculine form. Strong arms suddenly wrapped around her, and Sakura looked up to see mauve-grey eyes watching her. Her heart somersaulted and her breath caught at the back of her throat. Darcy! My dear Darcy!
She gazed up at him, his large body against hers and his strong arms wrapped around her, embracing her tighter, indicating that he'd never let her go.
Darcy stared down at the woman who had been responsible for his life of hell for this past year, the one responsible for his sleepless nights and aching heart. She was now here and in his arms once again, and he would never let her go, ever again. Oh God! How his heart ached. How he felt so much pleasure and so much pain seeing her again.
Sakura felt like she wanted to cry. The last time she had seen Darcy was when he had been unconscious and in hospital after he had tried to save her from drowning. Now he was here, standing before her, embracing her and breathing his warm breath on her skin, causing her body to tingle with beautiful sensations and something familiar that stir deep within her soul.