
Mr. Tachibana gave Sosuke a grin before turning his attention to Sakura and said, "If you don't have money to pay, how about paying me by becoming my model?"
At this proposal, Sakura's brows shot up. "Your model?"
Jane said from behind, "Mr. Tachibana, you're not thinking in casting Sakura as your female model for the upcoming photoshoot in the Hawaii, are you?"
With Mr. Tachibana's grin, Jane continued, "But I thought you already have female casts. Akira is one of them, right?"
"Yes," Mr. Tachibana said. "But I need a female main cast." He turned to Sakura. "And you're perfect, darling. Beside, you have no choice in the matter. Either model for me or pay the eighty thousand."
"Sakura," Jane said. "I saw the casting file. Tara and Alainna are the models as well."
Sakura straightened her spine at this and said, "I'll do the modeling, Mr. Tachibana."
"Ah, marvelous," Mr. Tachibana shrieked with delight. He rushed over the table, came round to Sakura, hauled her into his arms and hugged her tight. "Thank you, darling. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you." When he finally released her he instructed, "Now Ms. Ruka and Jane will be preparing the photoshoot and Jane will brief you in the process."
Sakura nodded and before she could asked the question that was burning in her mind, Mr. Tachibana hugged her tightly again. When he let her go, Sakura said, "However, I will have to ask Lady Suzuki first before going off to Hawaii."
"Don't worry, Sakura," Sosuke said from behind. "Oba-chan and I will be going as well. It was decided a month ago when Akira decided to model for Tachibana-sensei."
"Oh," was Sakura's replied.
As they were walking out the door, Mr. Tachibana said to Sosuke, "And what about you, Sosuke-kun? Have you decided yet if you like to model for me?" At this Mr. Tachibana glanced briefly at Sakura and back again at Sosuke.
"I'd be terrible at it, but yes, I'll do it," he said with a grin.
Jane blinked and said, "You're going to one of the male models?"
Mr. Tachibana laughed merrily. Once he managed to stop, he said, "Real business billionaire, darling. I want real, young, hot business billionaire."
Jane couldn't denied the fact that Sosuke was indeed a billionaire, young, and hot. In fact, he'd burn the pages of the magazine with his hotness. But it was going to be a lot of hard work for Jane because she didn't know whether she could handle ogling at the handsome Asian man whilst he pose in expensive suits and, yes, shirtless on the beach. She'd die of nose bleed for sure. And she decided that she both looked forward and didn't forward to it.
Once Sakura managed to escape Mr. Tachibana's another suffocating hug, she turned to Sosuke and said, "Thank you so much for the ride, Sosuke. We can take the taxi home from here."
Sosuke grinned as he said, "No problem at all. Please get in, Sakura. I did promise Oba-chan to take you home."
"Get in, Sakura," Jane said, nudging her friend toward the back door. "The man offers."
"All right." Sakura chuckled.
It was half-past six when they arrived at the gallery, which was now closed. Sakura instructed Sosuke to take Jane home and then thanked him again for the ride. She watched the car leave, with Jane opting to sit in the front seat instead of the back. She noted the grin on Jane's face and knew the woman had a crush on Sosuke.