
Then there was nice, sincere Conrad. He had a cute, boyish, friendly smile any female, young or old, couldn't help falling for.
Then it hit her. Oh Gosh! They'd changed so much-grown so much-that the mere sight of all of them together took her breath away. Not to mention her neck was beginning to hurt because she had to tilt her head back to glare at them, conveying she was pissed with them. But none of them seemed to register that fact, however, and Sakura began to grow more annoyed. Then there was the way in which they looked at her, which caused her to shiver. There was this bizarre sensation rushing through her.
"Toby," she called.
The dog barked back at her.
"So that's his name? Toby?" Nicolas asked.
Toby barked again, which annoyed Sakura even more. When they got home, she thought she'd teach him a lesson that succumbing to the enemy was not something one should ever do to one's allies.
"Come on," she said, frowning at the dog for being disobedient all of a sudden. "It's time to go home."
Toby ignored her as Sebastian started scratching his head. Toby's eyes glazed over as he stuck his tongue out in pleasure.
"Ah. You like that, don't you?" Sebastian chuckled.
Tristan came forward and offered to help her. "Are you sure you can get home? We can give you a ride."
Sakura turned to him. The thought of sitting next to them in a car didn't sit well with her.
"I'll be fine, thank you," she said, reaching out for Toby. She took the dog from Sebastian, turned on her heel, and began to walk away from them.
"There she goes," Conrad said, disappointment echoing in his voice.
Darcy watched her go, his eyes intent on her slender form. There was something about her that he couldn't quite place, and why his heart was still thumping so hard and so furiously within his chest was beyond him.
Sebastian narrowed his eyes. "I suppose since I'm the one responsible...," he said, and without further ado, he was behind her and pulled her around gently by the arm.
Sakura gasped, and before she could protest, she was being lifted up midair and into the arms of her adopted brother.
"What are you doing?" she shrieked.
"Taking you home," he replied calmly, heading back to the car. "I can at least do that much after I nearly killed you."
"I... I can walk home by myself!" she stammered. "I'm not hurt, as you can see. And you didn't kill me. I'm still breathing."
Sebastian refused to respond to her logical argument and headed straight to the car.
"Why does he have to be the one to carry her?" Conrad asked no one in particular.
"Because he's responsible," Nicolas replied.
"I'm responsible," Tristan put in matter-of-factly. "I made him lose his cool back there so, yes, I'm responsible."
"Just shut up and get in the car," Sebastian said to Tristan.
Sakura watched the brothers, who were still staring at her. She couldn't believe it! She just couldn't believe it! None of them remembered who she was. Not one of them. And here she was this close to them. She couldn't decide if she was disappointed or pleased with that realization.