
As though in a dream and without herself realizing it, she made her way toward them, her feet light and the hem of her yukata brushing against the marble walk path. She came to stand before Darcy and Toby hesitantly. She noted that he was watching her, though she couldn't quite make out what his expression was as his face was half hidden within the darkness.
"You didn't want your coffee?" she asked out of the blue, quite upset that he had left before the party ended, and especially before could offer him her coffee. She had put quite a bit of effort into it.
Woof! Toby barked at her.
Sakura turned her attention to her dog. She came to kneel on her knees and reached her hand out for the pup, intending to stroke her beloved canine. She was about to pet Toby when Darcy wrapped his hand firmly about her slender wrist and roughly pulled her to him.
Puffed out of breath, Sakura found herself intimately in Darcy's arms and Toby in between them. Heart pounding, she tentatively looked up to the darkly handsome man who she couldn't stop thinking about all day. The moment she saw the hot, intense heat in his eyes, her breath was snatched away. His breath was warm against her skin when he said darkly, "I don't want your coffee."
His words hurt her. But before she could move back and tell him that she'd never make him coffee again because of his words, Darcy had one strong hand at the back of her head and crushed his lips against hers.
Sakura shuddered deliciously as she felt his warm, firm lips and hot tongue pressed on hers. She became weak in his arms as he encouraged her to open her mouth for him. When she did, he plunged his tongue in, stroking and caress hers with his, making her dance with him in a deep, passionate kiss.
When he finally pulled back, Sakura was breathless and her heart was racing.
Darcy stared long and hard at the woman he loved, his feature as dark as ever. His large hand was cupping her face, his fingers dug deep into her hair and his thumb gently rubbing against her soft cheek.
"I don't want your coffee," he said again. "I want you and I want you to want me."
Sakura swallowed hard at his words, and she didn't even get to reply when Darcy planted his lips against hers again, giving her a scorching kissed that made her melt to her very bone. She place her hand on his chest, feeling his heart beating loud and fast against her palm.
Darcy couldn't control himself and deepen the kiss, stroking and rubbing his tongue against her as he moved her back against the tree, pressing himself against her and feeling her softness under him. When he moved his lips from her mouth, he continued kissing her along her throat and then lower to her chest. There, his fingers lingered about her breasts, lightly caressing her with an aching so deep, he wanted to rip the yukata off her person and take her there and then.
His body shook wildly when he realized that he was about to lose control. He gritted his teeth and lifted his head, his eyes dark and tormented with needs. But Darcy wasn't about to betray himself. He wasn't about to betray Sebastian, and he certainly wasn't going to betray Sakura and take her without her consent. It wouldn't be fair on her part, and he'd hate himself for the rest of his life. Denying himself to kiss Sakura as prize for winning the race this morning had been difficult enough. Oh God! How he had wanted to kiss his Snow. Darcy, however, had never wanted his Snow, even if it was a kiss with her as a prize. He wanted her in a deep, connected love between a man and a woman, and nothing less would do. If he couldn't have that with her, then he'd rather not have anything with her at all.
Sakura saw the dark torment in his eyes and touched his face, feeling the warmness of his skin beneath her palm. "Darce," she said softly. "My Darce."