
But why did he feel so lost when he'd woken up to find Snow gone? Why did he feel as though he were missing half of his soul?
He stood, picked up the poster, and hung it on the wall opposite his bed. He had just finished and was getting back into bed when he heard noises from outside along the corridor. It was Alaina and Tara, who had just returned from their nightclubbing.
Only for two weeks, he thought, he had to endure Tara's presence. After the wedding, he'd be out of here and back to his loft in New York, spending his precious time working on his game design. He glanced up at the poster again before closing his eyes, the image of the dark knight and Snow bright in his mind.
* * *
The two people Sakura didn't want to see most, Tara and Alaina, finally arrived at half past four the next morning, waking Sakura from her very weird dream. In the dream, she was surrounded by seven faceless men. Of course, these people were always faceless in dreams, though her gut instinct seemed to know who they were.
Her stomach flipped and she sighed. She couldn't believe she had to dream about the brothers. What was wrong with her? Not to mention the fact that one of them had kissed her. She thought it must have been Sebastian. Or was it Darcy? Conrad?
That is totally stupid, she told herself firmly. It didn't matter, however, because it was only a dream, and she was determined not to think about it any further.
She closed her eyes and tried to get back to sleep when she heard Tara and Alaina giggling across the hallway and singing loudly before finally getting into their own rooms. Sakura was pretty sure the two women must be pretty drunk since they both loved to drink. Once the house was quiet again, she was able to slip back to sleep. This time there was no dream, and she was glad.
About two hours later, Sakura found herself lying there in her double bed, staring up at the chandelier, her stomach flipping and her heart racing uncomfortably. Soon, she'd have to actually face the brothers, since Daddy James had made sure of that. He'd found her in the library at just before midnight last night, once everyone had retired. He scolded her that she should have been out there having dinner with her grandparents and brothers, not feigning sickness. Damn him, she thought. He had known all along.
Ah! Brothers? Brothers, her backside! Brothers who didn't remember her. Brothers who didn't recognize her when they were that close to her?
Her stomach flipped again at the thought of what happened yesterday afternoon. She couldn't believe she had to meet them that way. Then she remembered how Darcy had looked at her, remembered his eyes boring into hers. She shivered at the image and shook her head.
She sat up, and Toby jumped onto her lap. "What will happen today, Toby? What am I going to do?"
The dog barked at her excitedly. Then the door flung open, and Mary marched right in.
"Heard you weren't well," she said, almost in a sheer panic. "I didn't want to bother you last night, but it's morning now so I thought it should be fine. Oh shit! You're going to be all right for Laura's birthday party, right? Mark will be there so you have to come. You have to look pretty."
"Mary," Sakura said, "just because he's your brother's friend and he had a crush on you years ago and now you're getting married to another man, you don't have to feel that you need to match him with me."