
Sakura sighed with relief that her friends, especially Mary, the bride-to-be, weren't pissed with her. After all, most brides would have flipped by now when their wedding was a mere week away and the bridesmaid's dress was completely and utterly ruined.
Then Sakura realized something. Yes, after this particular wedding, everything would go back to normal. The brothers would all return to their own lives and she to hers. Her heart skipped a beat at that thought, and she wasn't sure what that meant.
At this time, outside on the terrace, the brothers and their parents were just finishing their afternoon tea. It was lovely, and they enjoyed the meal tremendously, especially since there was coffee made by Sakura.
"So I heard you had a race," James said. "Should've told me."
"It was an urgent matter," Nicolas put in.
"I can hardly imagine that choosing a swimming instructor for Sakura is an urgent matter. Don't you think, Brenda?" James asked his wife.
Brenda nodded and said, "I don't understand why Sakura didn't come to you if she wanted to learn how to swim. You could have easily taught her."
Sebastian said, "She asked me."
James chuckled. "And you being the noble one decided to put up a race instead?"
"Hayden said it wasn't fair," Sebastian put in.
"Ah," James said. "A race sounds fair enough in this case."
"Oh well," Conrad said easily as he got up. "Seb won so he's still her teacher." He headed toward the French doors leading into the house. "I'm off."
Tristan eyed Conrad suspiciously. He knew the youngest had something up his sleeves. He couldn't help himself and got up as well. "I'm off, too," he said, going after Conrad.
James hid a smile. "Ah, such a lovely day." He reached for his cup of coffee and observed as one by one his sons left them.
"Where do you think they're going?" Brenda asked as she watched them disappearing into the house.
"Do you know, Brenda, that our sons never agreed on anything before?"
"What do you mean? Of course I know that."
"They've changed," he said. "They never go anywhere together unless we make them. But recently they hang out a lot. Not that I'm complaining."
"What brings them together?" Brenda asked.
"Something they're all interested in," James said, smiling.
In the house, Tristan caught up with Conrad and yelled out, "What are you up to, Conrad?"
Conrad jumped and cursed under his breath. "Nothing!"
Tristan hooked his arm over his younger brother's neck and eyed him closely. "Come on, brat. Tell me what's going on here. You're hiding something."
Conrad went red as a beetroot.
"Stop pestering him," Sebastian said, coming toward them.
"Yes, stop pestering me," Conrad muttered darkly. "And leave me alone. I have important things to do."
"Like what?" Logan asked.
Conrad clamped his lips together and marched past them.
"He's going to see Sakura," Nicolas said easily.
"Now," Hayden said, "we can't let that happen."
Up on the second floor, Conrad sighed in relief once he realized none of his brothers were following him. Well, at least he thought so. Thus he rushed across the corridor and headed straight to Sakura's bedroom. He was about to open the door when Tristan coughed loudly, intentionally.