
Sebastian, sitting beside Nicolas and Conrad, noticed Darcy and Sakura staring at each other and gritted his teeth.
A voice sang to them then. "My, my. The whole family here at the hotel?"
Sakura looked up to see Alaina walking toward them. Behind her were Tara and another woman Sakura thought looked oddly familiar to her. As they came closer, Sakura felt as though someone had just punched her in the face. It was Kate Anderson, her ex-classmate, the popular cheerleader who had bullied her in high school.
Mary nearly choked on her orange juice the moment she saw Kate. "Shit!" she swore under her breath.
"What's wrong?" Peter asked his fiancée.
The brothers looked up then and all swallowed hard, staring at the brunette beauty that was heading their way. They knew Darcy was in deep shit now.
"Holy cow!" Hayden shouted out. "It's Kate!"
Darcy went rigid instantly and his impassive face turned even colder. Since his back was to the door, he was glad he didn't have to look at his ex-girlfriend.
"Hi, everyone," Kate said pleasantly as she scanned around the long table. Then she spotted Darcy and smiled with delight. The smile, however, didn't last long as she spotted Sakura opposite her boyfriend.
Oh, Tara and Alaina had told her all about her ex-classmate all right, that the bitch Sakura was trying to steal Darcy from her, and that was why Darcy wouldn't return her calls. Kate wanted to snort with disgust. There was no way she'd let someone like Sakura Princeton-the fake Princeton-steal her Darcy away from her. She had all her plans worked out. Yes, all she needed to do was to kick the bitch out and take Darcy back, and she'd do anything to get her Darcy back, even if it killed her.
She cleared her throat and said loudly so that everyone could hear her, "Darcy, darling!" Then she rushed over and hugged him from behind, kissing his cheek in front of everyone.
Sakura felt as though she'd just died. Kate? Darcy? Her head spun, and she felt sick to her stomach. Suddenly, her body started trembling.
Mary noticed and took hold of her hand to support her. Mary, however, didn't know it was because of what Kate had implied about her relationship with Darcy. Sakura wasn't afraid of Kate, as Mary thought.
Sakura glanced up and her eyes met Darcy's, intense and blazing.
"Did you miss me?" Kate asked, snuggling her face against his neck.
Tara and Alaina looked at each other, smiling, pleased with how things had gone so far.
James cleared his throat. "I'm afraid we haven't met," he said.
Kate chuckled and said to James, "I'm Kate, Darcy's girlfriend."
Sakura sucked in her breath and wanted to die right there and then. Why she had such a reaction she didn't know, but God, how that very statement really affected her. So that was why he was keeping his distance. She couldn't believe it! Couldn't believe he had kissed her, yet he was dating Kate.
Darcy scowled darkly. He was still staring at Sakura, his eyes intense. Please, Sakura, don't get the wrong idea, he wanted to shout out. But he didn't, and Kate giggled as she kissed him on the cheek again.
Everyone was watching them, even the brothers, waiting for Darcy to do something.
Suddenly, Darcy was pissed. Why the hell did she have to turn up here and now of all places? After all, he had told her their relationship was over.