
The brothers nodded in agreement with that, and then continued to lay there watching the sky. Now and again, Nicolas would point out stars and what they were in relation to Greek mythology. Sometime later, when it was getting a bit cold, the brothers decided to head back into the house. The dilemma, however, was with Sakura. Nicolas decided for them.
"I'll call Lady Haruka and tell her Sakura is staying the night," he said and headed into the house first.
Darcy looked at Sebastian pointedly and said, "I want to carry her."
Sebastian chuckled. "Sure," he said with a node of his head.
Conrad picked up the sleeping Toby away from Sakura first and then Darcy moved and gathered the smallness of Sakura's body into his arms. He gently lifted her up so as not to wake her, and he and his brothers headed into the house.
"All sorted," Nicolas said.
"Where is she going to sleep?" Tristan posed the question at large.
"There's no bed in the spare room," Hayden said.
Sebastian offered. "She can stay in my room. It's the biggest."
Darcy nodded and started heading that way, allowing the brothers to follow him.
Logan said, "And where the hell are you going to sleep?"
"My room," Sebastian replied, opening the door for Darcy to enter.
Darcy headed straight to the large bed in the center of the room and laid Sakura down. Sebastian came around and arranged the duvet on top of her. Both men made sure she was comfortable before turning their attentions to their other brothers.
"Bed time," Sebastian said, shooing everyone out.
"Oh no!" Tristan said. "If you're sleeping here, then so am I."
Sebastian folded his arms across his chest and demanded, "What the hell is this?"
Logan said, "Can't trust you, Seb, even though you're our brother."
At Hayden's nod, Nicolas looked heavenward. "You guys are acting like children. I'm going to get my pillow and sleeping bag."
He was out of the door before Sebastian could protest. Darcy followed him, which was followed by Hayden. Conrad, after giving Toby a fondly stroke, place the dog beside Sakura and headed out the door as well.
"I'm taking the sofa," he said to Sebastian across the corridor.
It wasn't long when some half an hour later, Sebastian wanted to laugh at the whole situation. The brothers were in his bedroom, in their sleeping bags, positioned haphazardly this way and that on the floor. Except for Conrad, of course, who had already claimed the throne of the comfortable sofa for himself. The greedy bastard!
"Reminds me of camp back in St. Joseph Island when we were young," Hayden said softly into the dimly lit room. The moon was bright outside, and the pale grayness casted an enchanting light across the brothers' features as they conversed in low, soft voices.
Tristan chuckled. "Yeah. I miss those times. Us doing all sort of stupid things."
"Remember that summer when you dared us to climb that cliff by St. Helena beach?" Hayden asked.
Their minds flashed back to all those years ago when they had been on St. Joseph Island; them daring one another to do all sort of dangerous and stupid things, them enjoying the tramp and fishing and hiking and rock climbing, and especially surfing.