
Ned put his cup of coffee down and headed out the door even before Sakura cold finish asking him what to do.
Sakura decided to take the next few minutes to calm herself and gain her composure back when she suddenly realized something. Oh Mother of God! Her bag. What if the brothers went in search of her bag and found it? What if they dug through and found the where abouts of her house, and more importantly, her new identity?
She rushed out of the chair and grabbed for the phone. She dialed Jane's number and waited in dread.
After a few rings, it was picked up.
"Hello, Jane here."
"Jane!" Sakura shouted. She couldn't help herself. "Jane! It's me, Sakura."
A little pause and then, "Shit! Sakura, where the heck are you? I was looking all over for you. What happened back there?"
"Jane, please listen carefully. I need your help."
"My help? Wait, I don't understand. What happened? Why were those men chasing after you? I mean the Princeton brothers. I mean-Oh Shit!"
"What? Jane? What's wrong?"
"They're here. I think they're searching for something, or someone."
Sakura felt her heart leaping within her chest. "Jane, please listen carefully."
"Yeah? I'm listening," Jane said. "They're heading toward me, by the way.
Sakura noted that Jane's voice was shaking. She said, "Jane, could you please find my bag and hide it? When you're finished, could you please drop it off here at the gallery?"
"Sure?" Jane said. "Is that all I have to do?"
"Yes, please. Don't let them find my bag. This is very important."
"And you sincerely promise you'd tell me what the hell is going on later?"
"Yes, I promise," Sakura replied.
"Then my dear friend, I have to hang up because there's a hot Japanese guy heading my way and it looks like he's about to eat me alive."
"Okay, thanks. Bye now." Sakura hung up and sighed. God, she sincerely hoped Jane would be all right.
Ned came back into the kitchen then and cocked his head to one side. "Tell me what happened."
Sakura bit her lip. "I've met them. Ned, I thought they'd forget about me. I thought Sakura doesn't exist in their lives anymore. It's been a year."
Ned folded his arms across his chest. "What about you. Have you forgotten about them yet?"
Sakura managed to blush at the question. She shook her head.
"My advice, Sakura dear," Ned said, "is to listen to your heart and follow it."
"What do you mean by that?"
Ned took his now cold cup of coffee and headed down stairs to fix up some stuff. "I notice a tear on the gown, Sakura," he said over his shoulders.
Sakura's heart skipped a beat. She glanced down, and sure enough, she saw a nice tear across the length of the gown.
"Shit!" she swore. She lifted the skirt up and examined it closer. She wanted to die. She rushed across to her bedroom and began to change. Fifteen minutes later, with her pink hair still in its coffer form, though more messy now, she sat down on her bed and proceed to sulk.
This is the worst day of my life, she thought. As if meeting the brothers wasn't bad enough, she didn't even get to talk to her mother and get to know her. Now the million dollar gown was ruined.