
Dear God, Darcy thought. His heart was going to be ripped into two pieces if it kept beating like that-so hard, so fast, and so damn painful. Calm down, you old beast. Please calm down.
From where she sat, Tara had a good view of the two people outside and really wanted to scream until the house tumbled down. Sebastian and Sakura? No. No. No. How? Oh, God help her. She was going to go crazy in a second.
Finally Sakura walked away, and a moment later she was in the house along with Conrad.
"Sakura!" Michael shouted the moment she stepped into the drawing room. He got off his seat and raced to her, hugging her around the waist. Conrad couldn't help but feel a bit jealous of little Michael.
"Hey, Michael," Sakura said warmly.
"You could've come up to the house with us." Michael pouted, gazing up at her. "There was lots of room in our car."
Sakura laughed. "I know, but... erm-"
Hayden, who'd suddenly stopped biting his nails, turned around and said, "I stole her away, and then Seb stole her away from me."
"You know what?" Mary put in, looking up at the brothers. "You guys are weird today. It's like you're either trying to take Sakura away for yourself or else protecting her from someone else. It confuses the hell out of me."
The brothers, in their own thoughts, came to the realization that Mary could be right. Yes, they were trying to take Sakura for themselves, and yes, they were also trying to protect her from each other.
"Now then," Mary announced, turning her attention to Sakura. "My dear bridesmaid, we've been waiting, you know. Shall we go and try on our dresses?"
"Yes," Katherine said, getting up, noticing the sudden tense atmosphere within the room. She was quite surprised that Mary seemed to be oblivious to it. But then again, Mary was oblivious to most things.
"Can I come, too?" Michael begged Sakura.
Peter chuckled. "Why don't you stay here with us, Michael? I'm going to teach you how to be a proper ring bearer."
Michael's eyes lit up then, and he rushed back to Peter. "I'm staying here."
Sakura laughed. "As you please," she said, and as she turned, her eyes met Darcy's. Her stomach fluttered the longer they gazed at each other. There was something in his eyes that she couldn't begin to describe, and it really affected her in an odd way. Oh, God! She was getting dizzy again. Maybe she was dehydrated. Yes, she was dehydrated from the ride, she decided, and that was why she felt dizzy. Not because of the way Darcy was looking at her. Definitely not.
She quickly glanced away, feeling a bit confused.
"Come on," Mary said, dragging her by the arm out the door, leaving Conrad to stand there all by himself, looking at Sakura with a sad expression on his face. Katherine was following behind them, chuckling at Mary's impatience.
Some half an hour later in Mary's bedroom, Sakura watched in awe as Mary posed herself in front of her and Katherine.
It is perfect! The wedding dress was perfect for Mary: the off-the-shoulder sleeves, the delicately decorated beads, and the long train. It was beautiful, and Sakura couldn't think of any other dress that fit Mary that perfectly.