
He decided that a proper family reunion would have to wait until later, and stood up, drawing everyone's attention to him. "I think Sakura needs to sleep. She looks ready to drop any minute now," he said to his brothers.
Nicolas agreed with a nod of his head.
Darcy said, "Mom and Dad are coming this evening to see you. We'll have a family dinner up at our apartment."
Sakura smiled and nodded. "I've missed them."
"That's enough talking," Sebastian said, bending to gather her up in his arms. Darcy frowned because he was going to do that.
Akira just stared at the three people in shocked surprised. She couldn't help herself. It was obviously a love triangle all right. And then she thought, rather sadly, that her brother Sosuke won't have any chance now. Akira wouldn't mind having Sakura as her sister-in-law though.
Sakura blushed and took a peek at Sebastian. He didn't have to carry her, for God's sake. She was a fully grown woman.
Sebastian grinned at her, noting the pretty red color spreading across her cheeks. He carried her out the door, with Darcy and Conrad followed close behind them. Conrad signaled that he wanted Toby in his arms. Darcy obliged and handed the pup over.
Sakura wasn't pleased that these brothers were in her room, not for the first time, of course. Sebastian laid her on her bed, and she murmured to him, "Thanks."
"I like your old bedroom better, Sakura," Conrad said, sitting on her bed by her feet, Toby on his lap as he stroked the dog. "You can come live with us, you know. We have a spare room. It's beside mine." He smiled at her cheekily.
"Do you?" she asked, moving herself to get underneath the duvet. Darcy helped her and then tugged the thing over her so that she was comfortable.
She smiled at him, which pleased Darcy.
"Come on, let Sakura sleep," Sebastian said, moving to the door.
The brothers nodded and walked out the room.
"Have a nice dream," Conrad said. "Oh, and I'm taking Toby up to the apartment, just so you know."
Sakura nodded and then turned on her side, closing her eyes as Conrad shut the door with click.
Alone, Sakura felt tears in her eyes as her heart raced. Please calm down, Sakura, the voice in her head said. When it did, she smiled. She had been waiting for this all along, hadn't she? In her guts, she had known that she had wanted to accept them back into her life. She had just been lying to herself, of course, that she didn't want them. But deep down she knew that she did. It was just easier to lie to herself, to prolong the inevitable, the decision making as to which brother she had to choose, the two men she loved dearly-Sebastian and Darcy.
Finally, she took a deep breath and shut her mind completely, letting the darkness take her, at least for a couple of hours.
* * * * *
Alexia's Note: I hope you enjoy the story so far. Don't forget to help spread the words by sharing on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and all the social network you can think of. Use these hashtags to help: #fallingforsakura #asecretkiss #asecretproposal #asecretaffair #teamsebastian #teamdarcy #alexiapraks ^_^
Note also that you can now pre-order a complete version and fully edited version Falling For Sakura: A Secret Proposal on iBooks and Barnes and Noble. Just click on the external link below ^_^