
Tormented Heart

Sakura woke up late the next morning, feeling extremely tired and extremely pissed. She was tired because she couldn't get to sleep until four in the morning and pissed because Sebastian and his stupid kiss kept playing in her mind.
Oh, God!Darcy. He had seen her running from the pool area, half-naked and dripping wet. He'd looked so shocked that he didn't know what to say to her. She'd also noted that there was something in the expression on his face, as if he were in deep, dark pain. She'd wanted to go to him and explain but had found he stiffened as if he didn't want to know what happened.
Her stomach fluttered. "Darce," she whispered under her breath. Why did she feel like he was upset with her? Oh, Darce.
She groaned loudly and got out of bed, even though all she wanted to do was to lie there, close her eyes, and make everything disappear from her mind by sleeping. But of course she couldn't do that because she'd promised to go to the Princeton Hotel with Mary and Katherine to sort out the decorations for the wedding reception.
She showered quickly and got dressed, wearing a pair of super skinny jeans and white blouse. She French plaited her hair and let it fall down her left shoulder, leaving some tendrils dancing about the sides of her face.
Toby barked at her, wanting to come along as well.
"No, you may not," she said. "You stay put and be a good boy, okay?"
Toby sat obediently and licked her hand. "Good boy." She got up, grabbed her bag, and headed out, leaving the door open so Toby could go out as he pleased.
She came down to the kitchen and was glad no one was around. It was pretty late in the morning, after all. Lunch was only a few hours away. She made quick work having her breakfast of cereal with some fruit and milk. Just as she was about to finish, Mary walked in.
"You look horrible," Mary teased. "I hoped you're not going to look like that on my wedding day."
Sakura chuckled. "No need to worry. After all, a makeup artist does do magic."
"What happened?" Mary asked. "You look like you haven't slept."
Sakura sighed, got up, and washed her dishes in the sink. "I was working a bit late last night."
"On your online business again?" Mary asked.
"Yeah," Sakura lied. Damn! She couldn't believe she was lying to her best friend.
"Well, as long as it's going great," Mary said. "Are you ready to leave?"
"Yeah, I'm done," Sakura said, grabbing her bag.
Once they were in the car, Sakura said, "So just curious and all... Where's everyone else?"
"Out," Mary said. "At the hotel."
"Right," Sakura replied and then drove out.
Some twenty minutes later, they arrived at the Princeton Hotel and Resort. It was a very grand building of nine stories and had the beautiful private beach conserved specifically for guests and a great view of the ocean beyond. They parked the car in the reserved lot and headed into the main lobby via the grand entrance. A few minutes later, she came into the main hall on the first floor where the wedding reception was to be held. Sakura was surprised to find that both Richard and Peter were already there, talking to the wedding planner and the hotel manager.
"Hi," Mary said, kissing her future husband on the cheek.
"Sweetheart," Peter said. "What do you think?"