
Sakura gasped and twisted around, her eyes wide in panic. She came to face a very beautiful Japanese model. Tall, slender, and with a face to die for, the Japanese woman could really crash the stage with her look alone. She was wearing a light purple gown, beautifully designed and decorated with beads of tiny diamonds around the collar. Her hair, candy purple in color, was also fashioned high on her head into a chignon with a garland of purple flower artistically arranged to the left side.
"Shit!" the woman said, blinking as she stared at Sakura in awe.
Sakura licked her lip as she gazed at the woman, her heart continued to pound within her chest.
"You're not Sakura," she said.
Sakura blinked. "Well, I'm not and I am."
The Japanese beauty blinked. "What do you mean?"
Sakura knew that she had to come clean whether she liked or not. Then there was also the fact that this Japanese beauty might be able to help her out of this stupid misunderstanding. She cleared her throat and squeaked out, "They mistook me for the Japanese model Sakura. What am I going to do?"
The Japanese beauty cocked her head to one side as she gazed at Sakura for a long while, as if she was assessing Sakura. Then suddenly she laughed. It was a beautiful, rich laughter that any man would find very attractive. She came forward and smiled at Sakura, her eyes twinkling with delight. "Well, I for once am quite glad that you're going to be the finale. Haruka-sama would be very pleased indeed that you're the one wearing her necklace," she said.
Sakura blinked. "Huh? What? Finale?"
Lisa, the stylist, reappeared. "Quick!" she muttered, her face red from running and ordering people around. "We're on in twelve minutes and you need your mask. And where the hell is that precious necklace?" she shouted to someone behind her.
"I'm Akira, by the way," the Japanese woman said. "And you are Sakura, yes?"
Sakura nodded, and before she could say anything further, Lisa twisted her around and made her sit in the make-up chair again. "Mask! Mask! Now!" she shouted.
Sakura watched as a beautifully designed mask of white, pink, and gold with cherry blossom flowers appeared before her. Then a make-up artist arranged it on her face so that it sat comfortably on her. A moment later, they moved back and Sakura blinked. The shape of the mask was like that of the phantom of the opera with one fourth of her face covered. She couldn't recognize herself. She wasn't her anymore.
Akira chuckled. "Amazing, yes?"
Sakura nodded, lost for words.
"Where the hell is that stupid necklace!" Lisa shouted again.
Akira said as another make-up artist also placed a mask on her pretty face, "I don't think you should call that precious necklace stupid, Lisa. It is, after all, worth at least two million."
Sakura gasped and shot up. "Two million?" she shouted out in surprise. "Two million?"
"Hai," Akira said, smiling, mask neatly in place. "You are the finale, after all. And besides, you shouldn't be too surprised. Your gown, after all, is worth at least five hundred thousand, what with those beads of pink diamond and all."
Sakura could only stand there and stare at Akira, her eyes wide open in shock. Then the expensive necklace appeared, securely placed in a locked velvet box. Sakura watched, dazed, as the intricately designed necklace of pink diamonds was placed around her neck.