
Melissa, who was at the counter busy inspecting her painted nails, looked up and nearly fainted with joy. The delight in her eyes was immeasurable and she shot up, grinning from ear to ear. From her spot she watched as the men entered the gallery. The one leading was blonde-hair and wearing glasses. He was tall and very good looking. But the one to his left was even hotter, with pale blond hair and a body to die for. She shivered at the thought of seeing his naked body. The one to the right was Darcy Princeton, the dreamy one she hadn't been able to stop thinking about. Then there were the other four behind them, and they all were simply eye-candy to her.
They came up to the counter, and Melissa prepared herself to greet them properly. She tucked down her pencil skirt and pulled her blouse about her person so that it sit just right on her to show her curves.
"Sakura Tanaka," Nicolas asked, his voice firm and hard, "Is she in?"
At the commanding voice, Melissa suddenly lost her mojo and shrank back with a little bit of a fright. Holy Shit! These guys looked like they were here for a serious business. So she straightened herself and said, "I'm afraid not, sir. She's out."
Darcy was frowning at her and said, "Where did she go?"
At Melissa's hesitant, Tristan made his way to her and leaned on the counter with ease. He gave her a devilish grin and said, "Listen here, sweet heart."
Melissa was indeed listening. She licked her lips and returned the smile with eagerness.
"We're here on a serious business. So I'd be very grateful if you tell us," he paused, "or find out for us where Sakura went."
"Well, I don't know, sir," Melissa said. "I just saw her leaving this morning with a friend."
Logan decided to help out as well and came to lean on the other side of Melissa's. "Well then, how about you take us up. We have all day to wait for Sakura to return." He winked at her.
Melissa blushed and said, "Of course, I'm sure she won't be too long."
Melissa licked her lips again and then made her way from the counter to stand before them. "This way please," she said. "I'll take you to the back and then I'll give Miss. Tanaka a call. May I have your names?"
"Don't," Sebastian said abruptly as they turned the corner. "Just tell her she has guests waiting."
Nicolas said, "And do it quickly."
"Of course," Melissa replied timidly. A few moments later, she showed them to the private waiting room where Sakura frequently received her guests, mainly her clients, and of course, Jane and Luke when they came to visit for a cup of coffee.
The brothers made themselves comfortable on the few sofas and chairs. Hayden couldn't help himself to the smell of coffee that was still brewing in the pot on the benchtop.
"It smell nice," he said loudly.
Conrad perked up in his chair and said, "Give me a cup."
Logan rushed up to stand beside his brother and stared at the dark liquid. He sniffed and closed his eyes. "It's Sakura's all right. No one can brew such a wonderful smelling coffee."
Hayden picked up the pot and poured the black brew into a cup. He quickly took a sip and sighed with pleasure.
"Oh brother! Do I missed this."
Conrad was impatient and headed to the counter as well. He poured himself a cup before returning to his seat. It wasn't long before every one of the brother had a cup of steamy hot coffee in hands and sipping pleasantly.