
Alexia's Note: Okay, I think I'm going mad because it's not supposed to be an update day.  But, meh, it's a special day. Today several years ago God demanded I come out into this world and start doing awesome things. I think I'm doing awesome things by writing awesome stories and sharing them with the people who loves my work.
I get to make wishes, right? Because it's my special day? So I've got a few wishes, and one of them is for me to gain heaps of fans and followers here on wattpad and on my Facebook page and Twitter. So, my awesome readers, like me on Facebook and follow me on Twitter, and make your friends, too. I don't care how. Just bombard them with Alexia Praks and her awesome books ^_^
Facebook Page: http://www.facebook.com/AuthorAlexiaPraks
Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/AlexiaPraks
Without further ado, here's the continuation of Falling For Sakura: A Secret Proposal. You don't actually have to wait until Wednesday to read these much anticipated chapters ^_^
* * * * *

Sebastian was really pissed with himself as of early this morning. He hadn't been able to sleep since he had reluctantly logged of the internet. Why the hell did he typed those words to her last night?
'I want to kiss you'
Now that he thought about it, the sentence made him sound like a stalker. And bloody hell, he didn't want himself to sound like that to Sakura. As of last night, or rather early this morning, however, that was very likely. He was a stalker to Sakura. He had pushed her away with his uncontrollable love and desire for her that he couldn't kept his feelings to himself. He had wanted her to know how much he loved her that badly. He had wanted her to come back into their lives that badly. And of course, he had totally screwed it up. Both for him and his brothers.
Hell! It had gone so great, first with her emailing him about the rent. It was actually a reasonable price considering the market at the moment, but it was Sakura. Heck! He had to lower it for her, no question asked. He'd do anything for her. He'd even let her have the place rent free if she asked. Then he couldn't control himself and started emailing her, knowing fully well that she'd never reply. She surprised him, however, by emailing back. And then off they went with their penpal online. Everything was going great, and it made Sebastian so gushingly happy that even his brothers notice. Darcy had kept asking him if he had a secret to tell. Damn if he'd expose his private time with Sakura. He was greedy in that regard, he'll admit that. But that sentence 'I want to kiss you', that had changed their close penpal relationship. Sebastian doubt she'd reply if he email her again, and knew in his guts that he'd have to. Regardless of her fear of his words, he needed her to come back to him and start over.
He had just finished dealing with the new contract for a new lease on the building when he got the call from Tristan.
"Hey, what's up?"
"You need to hurry back, Seb." This was followed by a laugh. "Toby's in the apartment and Sakura is coming soon. You wouldn't believe it if I tell you, but heck, I'm going to tell you anyway. Sakura has been living with Sosuke and his family for the past few weeks."
"What?" Sebastian shouted into the phone, a little more than confused at the information.
"Hey, don't yell at me, bro. I'm just bearing you the news. Come quick. She'd be here anytime soon now."
"I'm on my way," Sebastian said and hung up.
As he switched on the engine, he shook his head. "Small world. Such a small world." As he reversed the car back, he said under his breath, "Sakura sweet heart, you're not running away from us again. That I can promise you."