
Sakura was still heaving. When she finally stopped, she gazed up at him, confused and dazed. What is he doing? Why had he taken her away from everyone else all of a sudden?
Hayden moved his face closer to hers, as if he was about to kiss her. Instead, however, he chuckled softly and gently blew air in her face to get her attention. She blinked.
"Wanna go sightseeing with me?" he asked.
Sakura blinked again and cocked her head to one side. Hayden? Asking her to go sightseeing?She wanted to laugh. Of all things, he wanted to take her sightseeing?
Yes, she remembered him asking her-
No, not ask. Hayden had never asked. Hayden had basically dragged her with him, as he'd just done moments before.
Yes, from her very early experiences, sightseeing with Hayden usually meant sneaking out of the Princeton Estate and doing something dangerous and illegal, such as stealing a motorcycle, for example.
She still remembered those days so clearly. He'd dragged her out with him late in the evening into town and then had stolen a Harley-Davidson motorcycle that he'd had his eyes on for ages. After the thieving, he'd taken her riding with him for a good hour or two-dangerously near the cliff's edge, of course. He said it was thrilling-even more so with a girl. And she had to be that girl. Of course, this had gone on a couple of times until he'd crashed one of the motorcycles. Naturally, Tara and Alaina had found out and had sneakily told Daddy James what happened. Hayden had been grounded for months, which pissed him off so badly that he turned to blame her for telling on him. She hadn't told on him but couldn't go against Tara and Alaina's words.
Sakura turned her attention to the earring on his left ear then. She remembered him pressuring her to pierce his ear for him after that particular incident. He told her that since he'd been named the black sheep of the house, he might as well go all out and pierce his ear too to get that perfect bad-boy image. She even had to pick him an earring and paid for it with her own money since he said it had been her fault from the start. When she'd given him the pair of silver earrings, he threw one back at her, telling her he only needed one. To this day, she still had that earring kept safely in her secret box.
"I believe it's a yes?" he asked.
Sakura jolted back to reality. She raised her brows at him. Since when had Hayden ever asked her for her decision? She leaned back and sighed. "I suppose since you've already dragged me all the way here."
He chuckled. "Sorry about that. I couldn't possibly lose you to my dear brothers, now could I?"
Sakura didn't know how to reply to that statement and wondered why he looked so wounded when she shrugged her shoulders as if she didn't care one way or another.
It was forty minutes later, after he'd shown her the mega yacht thoroughly, that he proudly presented to her his Harley-Davidson motorbike.
"What do you think?" he asked, his chest puffing with pride like a peacock.
Sakura cocked her head to one side. "It's nice."
Hayden blinked. "That's it?"
Sakura turned to look at him. She knew nothing about motorbikes, and she was certainly not a motorbike fan, so what did he expect her to say?
A moment later, after he realized he wouldn't get any more out of her, he made her put on a helmet and told her to sit behind him. "Hold on tight," he said through his own helmet.
Yes, they were going to ride his motorbike home, and hopefully they wouldn't crash. But then again, Hayden was now an expert motorcyclist, so the chance of them crashing was next to zero. Yet this was Hayden, and he liked to live dangerously.