
Luke felt like he was the foolish person on the planet. "I'm sorry, Sebastian, but I really didn't have a clue Miss. Tanaka is related to you. I mean I didn't know she's your adopted sister."
"Miss. Tanaka?" Conrad said in outrage, his eyes round with disbelief. "She changed her last name?" His tone was that of an accusation, as if it was Luke's fault that Sakura had changed her last name.
Logan nodded, a deep frown creasing his handsome face. "That won't do. She'll need to change it back to Princeton. It suits her better."
"She's a Princeton and will always be a Princeton," Tristan said with a dark scowl, which made him looked even more handsome than his usual charming smile. "And you," he turned to Sebastian, "how hell did you miss the fact that you've brought so many of Sakura's photos and paintings without knowing it? She's bloody surrounding us, for God's sake!" He pointed to the mountain painting that was the main featured in the living area. "There! That one." He strode and read the initial. "See? It said here clear as the day ST, it's clearly Sakura Tanaka."
"Shut up, Tristan," Sebastian snapped. He turned to Darcy who was sitting on the sofa looking as dark as a morbid demon. "You were there on Saturday morning, weren't you?"
Darcy nodded without looking at his brother, his gaze on the floor.
"You didn't see her?"
Darcy shook his head, his mind suddenly drawn to the painting he had bought that day from the Tanaka Gallery, now residing in his loft in Soho. He couldn't believe it. Just couldn't believe it! He had been there in her gallery, and yet... Yet... An anguish emotion mounted in his chest. He stood and headed to the door. "What are we waiting for?"
Sebastian saw the dark look in Darcy's feature and nodded. "Let me get my wallet first." He walked out the living area, his mind on Sakura. He just couldn't believe it. Finally, they found out where Sakura was living, and oddly enough, he felt relieved. Soon, very soon, he'd see her again and then... And then what?
He turned the knob, opened the door slightly, and slid in. He headed straight to the sleek desk that was facing the large window that overlooked the exotic garden outside. If he were to look up, he would have seen the beautiful cherry blossom dancing in the breeze. If he were to look up, he would have seen the woman he was desperately searching for across the garden on the other side, gazing at the cherry blossom falling. But he didn't. He was too consumed with his own hurt, confusion, and relief that they had finally found the where abouts of Sakura, the woman he desperately loved and cherished.
Sebastian took a deep sigh, a hint of a smile on his face. "Sakura," he whispered the name between his lips. "Sweet heart."
He grabbed the keys and his wallet and then lifted his head. It was then that he saw a glimpse of Jane and another female across the garden on the other side who were leaving. He didn't quite see who the other woman was and quickly dismissed them from his mind. He had Sakura to find and looking forward to meet.
Three sleek Mercedes-ben arrived in front of the Tanaka's Gallery some twenty minutes later. Of course this drew a lot of attention from the streets as the seven hot residence got out of the cars.
Tristan raised his head to look at the sign above as he drew away his sunglasses. He whistled and said, "My darling adopted sister is doing pretty well for herself."
Conrad shoved him to the side and headed straight to the door.
"What a hot-head young buck," Tristan said, shaking his head.
One by one the brothers came in through the double door into the gallery.