
Sakura and the Prince of Hearts

Sebastian was waiting patiently in the pool for Sakura to turn up for their first swimming lesson. Unfortunately for him, his brothers decided to tag along to watch the show. First it was Tristan who arrived, already in his swimming gear and heading straight to the pool.
"What are you doing here?" Sebastian asked, his voice cold as he watched his brother taking off his shirt and throwing it to the marble floor.
"Thought I'd take a swim. After all, I have nothing better to do," Tristan replied lightly, then jumped into the pool. Sebastian scowled as Tristan proceeded to swim around.
Logan turned up a second later. "Such a nice day for a swim, isn't it?" Then he jumped into the pool as well, diving deep under and popping up at the surface, all wet and shaking his thick hair like a dog.
Darcy came in and slammed the door shut, muttering to himself. "Why does it have to be Sebastian who has to teach her?" He sounded pissed and tired. He was tired because he hadn't been able to get to sleep last night after Sakura had left his room. He was pissed because his body was aching-aching for Sakura.
"Because he's the best swimmer out of all of us," Nicolas said behind him.
Darcy ignored Nicolas and climbed up the ladder to the diving platform above.
"And you? What are you doing here?" Sebastian asked.
"Practicing my somersault," Darcy shouted down. "Or you can't tell?"
Sebastian really couldn't do much at this point as Nicolas proceeded to grab the remote control and open the skylight above, letting bright morning light into the indoor pool area. Then he pushed the button to open the glass wall as well to let in the warm spring air.
"Ah, that's better," he said, making himself comfortable on the settee. Then he turned on his tablet.
A moment later, Hayden and Conrad rushed in and jumped into the pool. Sebastian wouldn't be surprised if his student decided to run in the opposite direction after she'd taken one look at the pool area. He shook his head. This was going to be a very long lesson indeed.
At this time in her room, Sakura tugged the robe securely around her and took a deep breath. No more running now, she told herself. She had to learn how to swim. With a determined look on her face, she patted Toby on the head. The dog encouraged her with a friendly bark.
"Thanks, Toby," she said and walked out the door.
She knew Sebastian was very punctual with his appointment, so she made sure she was fifteen minutes early. After all, she didn't want him to get pissed with her for wasting his time. There was also the fact that she wanted to be in the pool before he arrived so he wouldn't witness her in a swimsuit half-naked, which she felt rather uncomfortable in.
Her plan, however, came crashing down on her the moment she stepped into the pool area. She wasn't alone as she'd expected to be because there were seven men, six in the pool and one on the settee. They all seemed to be enjoying themselves tremendously, swimming around and playing tag like kids.
Conrad waved at her. "Hey, you're here," he called out.
Sakura stood frozen in her spot, her heart pumping out of control. Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh, God! This was ridiculous. She wanted to turn around and run.
Conrad climbed up from the pool and came over to her. "Come on," he said, taking her hand.
"Conrad," she began uncertainly. "What are you guys doing here?"