
"Don't shout at me, Alaina. I do not tolerate that type of behavior, and you know it." Once he saw her stepping back and regretting her action, he said, "If you do happen to take Sakura to court, I advise you to hire a very good lawyer. Let me put this straight to you now. Everything, and I mean everything, will be brought up, including the fact that you've tried to kill Sakura not once, but twice. How do you think that'll go down with the jury?"
Alaina knew her father was threatening her. Good God! Her own father was threatening her? And for that bitch!
James knew his daughter was thinking twice about her actions. He said, "Sakura is nothing like you. Since she turned sixteen, she never asked for a cent from me or your mother. She has worked hard all her life. She never had the luxury you take for granted."
He thought back to when his adopted daughter had been much younger. Sakura had worked very hard to pay for her own tuition fees, and then after she'd graduated, she even saved up enough money to pay him back the amount she thought it had cost him to raise her. He'd laughed at her and ruffled her hair fondly, telling her to give that money to charity instead. She understood him immediately and had donated that large sum of money to their newly built Queen Mary Orphanage in town. How proud of her he was. If only Alaina were more like Sakura, then James knew he'd die a happy man. But so far, that was not to be.
"It's a warning, Alaina. If this ever happens again, I will disinherit you completely," he said calmly.
Alaina could only stare at her father, shocked. "Dad?"
"I mean what I said," he said softly. "You're my only daughter, yet you truly disappoint me."
Alaina couldn't say a thing. Her heart was pumping so loud and fast within her chest that she thought she was going to have a heart attack and die any second now. She couldn't believe it, couldn't believe her own father meant to disinherit her.
She gritted her teeth and, without saying anything, stalked out the door.
Tara hid a smile as she watched the poor little rich girl go. She turned to James and tried to look as sad as she possibly could.
"I tried to stop her," she began softly. "But Alaina, she just-" She broke off, pretending to be really upset.
James saw through the act immediately. God, he was sick of it-sick of Tara, her poor me performance, and her manipulation of the people around her. He couldn't fathom why he had adopted her into his household in the first place. No, it was because of Alaina, who'd begged him to take in Tara. And it hadn't been long after that he'd seen through Tara's façade, and all too soon, the girl had little Alaina wrapped around her little finger, using her as though the girl were her puppet.
"You're twenty-three now, Tara," James said.
Tara looked up and cocked her head to one side. "Er, yes?" she queried.
"A fully grown adult," James murmured. "Too old to play those silly acting games, don't you think?"
Tara gritted her teeth. Shit! He was onto her already. No, wait! He must have known for a long time now. So why hadn't he kicked her out of the family already? Was it because of Alaina?
"True," she said and cocked her head to the other side. "But it's fun."
"I don't expect to see you ever again after the wedding," James said. "I'm sure you understand what that means."