
"Why does it have to be Sebastian?" Conrad muttered to himself.
"Because he's the fastest," Nicolas supplied logically.
Sakura tightened her arms around Sebastian's neck, unaware that he was watching her intently and that he was pulling her even closer to him now. She said to the brothers, "Do all of you have to be here?"
"What do you mean? We're here to help you learn," Conrad said.
"I can teach her by myself," Sebastian put in. "And Sakura doesn't need you watching her every move. Can't you tell she's embarrassed?"
Sakura bit her lip. That was exactly what she wanted to tell them. God, drowning right in front of them was bad enough. She really didn't want to make a fool of herself in front of seven men.
Nicolas switched off the tablet screen and stood up. "All right. I'm going to play pool. Anyone care to join me?" He left his invitation hanging in the air and walked to the door.
Logan sighed and pulled himself out from the water. "Coming." He followed Nicolas to the door.
Tristan shook his head and swam toward Sebastian and Sakura. He said softly behind Sakura, "Come to me if he's a lousy teacher. I'll teach you how to swim properly." He patted her cheek and then climbed out.
Darcy got up and silently walked away, too. As he was heading to the door, he turned his head and glanced back at her. Sakura caught his eyes and felt her heart fluttering. Her body became stiff in Sebastian's arms. She licked her lips and watched him go.
Hayden chuckled and shook his head. He hooked one arm over Conrad's shoulders and dragged the youngest brother out of the pool.
"Have fun, Sakura," Conrad said. "See ya in an hour."
Once the door was closed and the pool was again quiet, Sakura finally managed to calm down and sighed in relief. That was when she became aware of Sebastian's toned body against her. Her heart started to race, and her body began to tingle. She wanted to let go of him but was too afraid she'd just sink right to the bottom of the pool again.
She turned her eyes to him and saw he was watching her intensely. She shivered involuntarily, licking her lips again.
Sebastian eyed those glistening, sensuous lips and felt his throat go dry as dust.
"We'll start with floating," he said softly. "Can you float?"
Sakura shook her head, feeling her hands slipping from his muscular neck. Sebastian moved his hand down her back slowly, as if caressing her. Sakura caught her breath at the back of her throat.
"Floating is easy," he said.
Sakura bit her lip. "Easy how?"
He chuckled because she looked so cute frowning at him. "Just imagine you're light, like a feather floating in the air or something."
Sakura cocked her head to one side and tried imagining that. She giggled. "Me? A feather?"
Sebastian smiled. He liked her giggle. It sounded like music to his ear. "And move your legs, like kicking the water below you."
"Oh," she said, looking down at herself. But all she could see was his muscular chest. It was so hard and so smooth, and oh, God, she could feel her tummy fluttering and her fingers tingling.
"Go on, kick!" he said.
Sakura refused to look at his face because she was embarrassed. Obediently, she kicked, back and forth, back and forth.