
"Darcy?" she whispered softly.
The body stiffened. Sakura watched in awe at the muscular arms that came up and trapped her on both sides. She licked her lips.
"No, not Darcy."
Sakura felt her stomach flip. It was Sebastian.
"You were hoping it was him?"
She blinked. "I thought-"
"Well, that's too bad for you. I know how you wanted it to be him." Sebastian cocked his head to one side. "And here the girl who said she'd never commit incest is doing the very thing."
Sakura bit her lip. "What are you talking about?" She shoved his right arm so he'd move away from her. He wouldn't budge. He chuckled.
"Sebastian," she began again, licking her lips, staring up at the dark form of his face. "I'm going now."
"But I thought you were here practicing your swimming."
"I'm done practicing."
"How much has Darcy taught you, Sakura, apart from kissing you, that is?" he asked sarcastically.
Sakura gasped. "What?"
"Twice, I think," he continued.
"Sebastian, can you just stop it?" she snapped, her voice quivering.
"Stop what?" he asked easily, though his voice was cold and hard.
She stared at his chest. "I don't know."
He pulled her to him, his strong arms at the small of her back. Sakura was squeezed up against his massive form, and she couldn't struggle free.
"What are you doing?" she asked, panic in her voice.
"Teaching you how to swim, which Darcy has neglected to do," he said, pulling her along with him. He swam on his back, drawing her on top of him. "Pretend I'm a floating board. Now kick your feet."
His arms tightened about her waist so she wouldn't slip away from him. Sakura could feel the length of him against her.
"I'm not in the mood to learn," she snapped and then hit his chest with her small fist.
He just laughed. "Go on," he urged. "Hit harder."
"You're crazy," she said.
"I suppose I am," he replied easily. "About you and Darcy and those kisses."
Sakura struggled in his arms again as he kept taking her around the pool, his arms tight about her.
"Do you like him kissing you?"
She was angry now. He had no right to ask her such a question. In fact, he had no right to interfere with her life at all.
"So what if I do?" she asked. "Now stop pestering me." She shoved him from her and turned. She did her best paddling back toward the edge of the pool.
Sebastian watched her go for only an instant, and then in a split second, he caught her by the waist and pulled her back to him again. He twisted her around, smashed her against him, brought his hand to hold the back of her head, and slammed his lips down on hers.
Sakura wasn't prepared for his brutal kiss as he assaulted her lips. He was so wild that he scared her. Suddenly he pulled back, frowning down at her, noticing she was rigid and shaking like a leaf within his embrace.
He sighed and closed his eyes. No, he shouldn't have been doing this to her. He loved her, so why was he hurting her?