
Birthday Party and Champagn

"You know...," Mary began, her eyes on the peaceful scenery of lush, green rolling hills in the distance. "You never talk about them much."
Sakura stared at the long, straight road ahead as they made good speed along the motorway toward Mr. Mayor's house in town. "What do you mean?"
"The brothers," Mary said, adjusting herself on the seat. "You didn't talk about them much back in high school. What was that all about?"
Sakura shrugged her shoulders. "Was there any need?"
"Was there any need?" Mary asked in disbelief. "You didn't even tell me you were Uncle James's adopted daughter until I actually found out myself. And that was because Uncle James himself came for the parents' interview regarding you, and I thought he came to visit me. That was really embarrassing."
Sakura laughed. "Well, yes, I suppose I should have told you, but at the time I thought it didn't really matter."
Mary shook her head. "If you were to announce to everyone that you were Uncle James's adopted daughter, those bitches wouldn't have bullied you."
Sakura knew whom Mary was referring to. Those bitches were their ex-classmates from high school, Kate Anderson, the hot cheerleader, and her throng of worshipers.
"They'd still bully me anyway," Sakura said, her mind flashing back to those times in high school. It had been tough and very unpleasant-especially if you got picked on your first day by the prettiest and most influential girl in the school.
And she had been right. They had continued to bully her even after they had found out she was adopted and had no blood relation whatsoever with the Princetons. Hence, they argued that she was not a real Princeton and therefore had only thought of her as a little parasite that clung to this powerful, wealthy family in order to have a good life.
"I suppose," Mary said, frowning darkly. "Does it feel awkward?"
"You mean having the brothers around? Totally," Sakura replied without hesitation. "I haven't seen them for years and now-"
"Totally understandable."
Sakura sighed, and Mary began another unwelcoming subject. It was Mark Chatsworth.
"Seriously, Mary." Sakura chuckled. "If he really liked me, he would've asked me out by now."
"Mark is a bit shy," Mary said. "You'd have to make the first move."
"Me? No way!" Sakura said. "You know me. I can't do that stuff. And besides, why should I? It'll be a total waste of time if he's not interested in me. And I told you before. I have other plans. I'm not interested in a relationship right now."
"Come on," Mary said. "You're twenty-three. If you don't start now, you'll miss the boat. In fact, I'm already thinking you're missing out on a lot of things right now."
"Such as?" Sakura prompted.
"Sex," Mary said without hesitation.
Sakura chuckled. "Sex? And I'm missing out how?"
"You're still a bloody virgin," Mary said. "I mean, I'm not judging you or anything. You know me. You're my best friend, and I totally respect you for that. But come on... Sex is like the best thing ever."
Sakura cocked her head to one side. "I'm sure it's very pleasant and all, especially when you do it with someone you love."
Mary nodded. "Totally. Just so you know, I've only ever done it with Peter."