
"Stop it!" Sakura screamed. "You're ruining my dress!"
Alaina chuckled merrily. "We're just fixing it for ya. Now don't move, dear sister. You'll look very beautiful in a minute. Isn't that what you want?"
Sakura couldn't help herself and she slapped Alaina in the face, sending her staggering backward. Alaina touched her cheek and glared. "You bitch! You slapped me!" She marched forward and sent her hand smashing on Sakura's left cheek. Tara held on to Sakura, allowing Alaina to slap her again.
"Have you learned how to swim yet, my silly girl?" Alaina asked, her eyes on the deep pool just a step away.
Sakura's eyes widened in fear as the meaning of Alaina's words sank in. She shook her head, fear rising within her chest.
Tara felt pleasure rushing through her veins once she saw the look on Sakura's beautiful face. Alaina was laughing like some maniac, which also pleased Tara.
"You haven't?" Alaina asked. "I can't believe that. After all these years, after what happened that last time, you still haven't learned?"
Sakura felt her heart thumping faster and faster. Oh, God! They were going to throw her into the pool like they had years ago, throwing her into the sea. If Daddy James hadn't arrived on time, she would have drowned and died back then.
But no one was here now. No one would hear her. No one would see her. She'd really die here if they did throw her into the pool.
She shook her head. "Don't. Please don't."
Alaina shook her head and her lips turned downward, as if she were imitating Sakura. "Don't? No, don't. No, please."
Tara couldn't hide her excitement when she saw the wild look on Alaina's face. "Throw her in, Alaina. Throw the bitch in."
Alaina chuckled. "Time to go say hi to your maker," she said to Sakura and forcefully shoved her back.
"No!" Sakura screamed as she fell backward into the deep pool, her hands reaching out for them to help her. All she could see, however, were Tara and Alaina standing there, smiling as they watched her struggling in the water.
Sakura felt suffocated, the water pulling her down, dragging her to her doom. She tried. Oh, how she tried to scream for help, but she was tired and her body was weak. She closed her eyes, knowing very well that this could be the end of her. Yes, it was the end of her.
"Mom," she whispered for her mother, the woman she'd never met, the woman who had given her life. This was it. She would never meet her, and she felt rather sad about that. She closed her eyes and her body sank toward the bottom of the deep pool.