
Sebastian couldn't take his eyes off the woman he was in love with either. She really did take his breath away. Shit! He ached to be near her, to touch her, to kiss her. But for the moment, he couldn't. He wouldn't because-
Because what? Shit! It was so hard. So very hard.
Sakura quickly glanced away from them, her heart pounding within her chest. Stop thinking about them, Sakura, she told herself. Just stop! Yes, only a couple more days to go. Then they'd be gone back to their lives and she to hers.
They reached the platform, and Michael rushed up to Richard, sighing with relief that his job was nearly over. Katherine and Sakura came to stand on the other side of the men, waiting for the bride to reach them. Everyone's eyes were on Mary now, who was making her way very slowly to the front with her father, Mr. Collins, giving her away. Finally, Mary came up and Peter took her hand in his. Mr. Collins returned to his seat in the front row next to his wife.
The minister smiled pleasantly at the audience before him. Then he began. "Dear family and friends, on behalf of Mary Collins and Peter Johnston, I welcome you all to this marriage ceremony. We are here today to encourage, celebrate, and support the covenant these two people, Mary and Peter, are going to make and to share in the joy that Mary and Peter experience as they pledge their love and commitment to each other. We rejoice in the manner God has led them to each other and got them to the place where they now stand."
Sakura tried to concentrate on what the minister was saying but found she couldn't as she felt two pairs of eyes watching her. Then, of course, she couldn't help herself and glanced in that direction and saw both Darcy and Sebastian watching her, their eyes intense and their faces expressionless. She bit her lower lip. Stop thinking about them, Sakura, she told herself yet again. It was nearly over.
The minister turned to Peter and continued. "The woman who stands by your side is going to be your wife. She will look to you for comfort, for support, for love, for understanding, for encouragement, and for protection. You must never take her for granted and always stand by her, for good or ill."
Peter cleared his throat and said loudly, "Today in the presence of God, family, and friends, I pledge to join my life with yours..."
Sakura turned her attention to the cherry tree above them and thought that after tomorrow all the flowers would almost be gone again for another year. Yes, spring was nearly over, and instantly she felt sad.
The minister said, "Peter, since it is your intention to marry, join your right hands and declare your consent. Do you take Mary to be your lawful wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day on, for better or for worse, for richer or for poorer, in sickness and in health, as long as you both shall live?"
"I do," Peter said, smiling brilliantly.
The minister turned to Mary. "Mary, do you take Peter to be your lawful wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day on, for better or for worse, for richer or for poorer, in sickness and in health, as long as you both shall live?"
Mary clearly said, "I do."
The minister continued. "The wedding ring symbolizes unity, a circle unbroken, without beginning or end. And today Mary and Peter exchange these rings as confirmation of their vows to join their lives, to work at all times to create a life that is complete and unbroken, to love each other unconditionally. May the Lord bless these rings which you give each other as the symbol of your love and fidelity." He turned to Peter. "Peter, take this ring and place it on your bride's finger and state your pledge to her, repeating after me."