
Akira sighed once again. She was about to blurt out that it was Sakura when she caught herself on time. The brothers noticed and knew something was up. Could it be that Akira happen to know Sakura? The possibility was indeed interesting, and none of the brothers wanted to just leave it at that. They wanted to find out. Heck! They wanted to see Sakura again, and they'd do anything, even blackmailing this lovely woman, to get what they wanted.
"Please, can you just return Toby to me before—" She halted and turned bright red.
"Before what?" Tristan asked. At that moment, he decided to play the gorgeous flirt he was known for in order to get more information from Akira. He came around to her, standing so imposingly handsome in front of her. He even gave her a dashing smile that would have made any female melt onto him. "Akira-chan?" he asked, his voice smooth and soft like liquid gold. "Who's your friend?"
Oddly enough, Akira was immunized against Tristan's charm. She didn't get infected like most females did. In fact, she wasn't about to budge.  She turned her attention to the youngest brothers who was hugging Toby tightly against his chest, as if the dog was very precious to him.
"Please, Conrad," she said. She also noted that he was moving further away from her. "I would like Toby back."
The dog barked and rubbed his head against Conrad's chest. The man stroked him fondly. "He doesn't want to go just yet."
Beth nodded in agreement, since she couldn't find her voice to speak. She was still pretty shocked.
When she saw that no one was on her side, Akira chose to turn her attention to the eldest brother and blast her anger at the handsome who had been pestering her since he had found her car broke down this morning on her way to the vet. "Nicolas? This is outrageous. If you and your brothers do not give me back Toby, I swear I will phone the police and tell them you have kidnapped Sakura's dog!"
She was still heaving by the time she finished. It was only then that she saw the triumph look on Nicolas's face, which annoyed the hell out of her, did she realized shit had finally hit the fan.
"Baka!" she muttered and spun around to see both Tristan and Logan sporting a satisfied grin at her. Beth looked like she was about to faint. She decided take a seat and said, "You boys take care of this. I'm feeling a bit tired all of a sudden."
Hayden said, "Well, there we go. All sorted."
Conrad nodded. "Come on, Toby, let's return you to your master."
The dog agreed with a friendly bark. As the brothers walked out the door, Akira called out, "Where are you going?"
"To your apartment," Conrad said.
"Or would you rather have Sakura come here for the dog?" Nicolas asked, one blond brow raising in a challenge.
Akira held her head height and said, "Go to hell." With that, she marched out the door, leaving the brothers to follow her.
* * * * *
Alexia's Note: Please help promote this trilogy by voting and sharing with your friends and followers. I would ever be so grateful. You guys are awesome ^_^
Use these hashtags to help: #fallingforsakura #asecretkiss #asecretproposal #asecretaffair #teamdarcy #teamsebstian #theprincetonbrothers #alexiapraks

Finally, the chasing and the running is over. Stay tune for Wednesday when shit finally hit the fan — Pardon my German ^_^