
Alexia's Note: I'm so sorry for the delay . I am very busy these days. Please note also that I will be deleting Highland Kiss next week. You have been notified so read the book before it is gone. Also, Chained to You Novella: The Contract is now available to download on Amazon, iBooks, Barnes and Noble and Smashwords. Visit my websit www.alexiapraks.com to find out more. Now, enjoy A Secret Proposal  ^_^
Sakura shot up and headed straight to Haruka. The woman was so pale that it worried her sick. Akira was beside her, calling her aunt's name whilst the maid who had opened the door for them stood to one side, her face pale with concern. Sosuke picked Haruka up and brought her into the living area, laying her on the sofa.
Akira kneeled on the floor beside her aunt, her hands holding tight onto the woman's tight.
"Oba-chan. Please be all right. Please?" she said softly, her voice shaking.
Nicolas was beside her, his hands gentle on her shoulders. Akira glanced up, her eyes teary. "She was okay on our way here and then..." She couldn't go any further and threw herself into his arms, snuggling her face against his chest as her body shook.
Nicolas tightened his arms around her and said, "She'll be fine."
Sosuke took a deep breath. "Sakura?"
Sakura, who was staring at the pale woman before her with concern, turned her attention to Sosuke. "Yes?"
"Please go and sit beside her. She was so worried about you last night."
Sakura, realizing that she was the one responsible for the woman's worry, obediently came to sit on the floor beside the sofa next to Akira. A few moments later, Haruka fluttered her eyes open.
"Sakura. Sakura," she called out.
"I'm here, I'm here," Sakura said, moving in closer. "I'm okay. I'm sorry I made you worried."
Haruka stared long and hard at Sakura through teary eyes. She brought her hand up and touched Sakura's face, stroking her soft skin. The woman smiled sadly, which confused James, Brenda, and the brothers. They could tell by her action and the affection and adoration look on her face that the woman really loved Sakura. But with such a deep devotion? How? Why?
"I'm so sorry," Haruka mumbled, shaking her head. "I'm so sorry. It was all my fault. I shouldn't have. I shouldn't have. I..." Tears flowed down her cheeks and her body shook.
Sakura grabbed for Haruka's hand and held onto the woman tight. She said soothingly, "It's all right. It was my fault. Not yours. I should have taken more care to tell you where I was going."
"No. No. No," Haruka mumbled. "That's not it. It was my fault." She raised herself up and pulled Sakura into her arms, hugging the girl tight, never wanting to let her go. "It was all my fault. I left you there on the doorsteps of Queen Mary Orphanage thinking you'd be saved, thinking you'd be all right. I'm so sorry."
Those words, uttered in broken voice, shocked Sakura to her very core. She stiffened in Haruka's arm as, unbeknown to her, tears flowed down her cheeks.
James and Brenda eyed each other whilst the brothers sported a confused and shocked look on their faces.
"What do you mean?" Sakura asked, her voice trembling with emotions.
Haruka moved back so that she could look at Sakura properly. She cupped the girl's face and smiled through teary eyes. "I'm your biological mother, Sakura. My maiden name is Haruka Tanaka. Suzuki is my late husband's surname."
Sakura sucked in her breath and her heart pumped loud and fast as she gazed at Haruka.