
Oh how he ached in his heart as he watched her dance. She too was staring back at him. Yes, he noted there were confusion and pain within her dark eyes, and it caused a knot in the pit of his stomach.
Finally Sakura was able to break away from Sebastian's gaze when Richard moved her around to another part of the dance floor. Sakura's heart was still thundering within her chest when she met Darcy, who was also watching her intently.
Oh, God, his eyes... She could see the pain within his eyes as he gazed at her, and her heart ached with him, for him. Why was it so painful? She gripped her hands on Richard's shoulders as she continued to dance.
Darcy squeezed the stem of his wine glass, nearly causing it to break. His Snow, she was dancing with Richard, and he wanted to be Richard. He wanted to be in Richard's place, taking her into his arms, twisting her around the dance floor, watching her beautiful face laughing happily up at him, her eyes bright with love-love just for him. Oh how he ached to be with her, how he ached to smell her, how he ached to touch her, ached to kiss her. Yes, he needed her love. He needed her love so badly it hurt. My Snow, he thought, and he imagined them alone on this very dance floor-not dancing, but just standing there kissing, kissing so very passionately and wildly like they had done back in the woods.
How he needed her love, craved her love, wanted her love so much that he was deeply in pain. My Snow. My beautiful Snow.Will I ever get to be with you?
Sakura wanted to take Darcy into her arms and hug him, give her all to him. She wouldn't because he was already with someone else. He didn't want her. He'd never wanted to be with her. Her heart cried out in anguish.
Finally, she managed to move her gaze away from his by casting her eyes downward, tears brewing within them.
Richard moved her around again. Then when she managed to control her emotions, she was again looking at Sebastian. She gazed at him, again feeling that dreadful pain within her heart. They continued to gaze at each other as the song continued, her heart racing within her chest, her head dizzy as she leaned more of her weight against Richard, feeling weak all of a sudden.
Suddenly the music came to an end and Richard laughed. "There, that wasn't so bad, was it?"
Sakura slowly looked up, her face pale. "No, I suppose not," she said quietly. She needed to decide on what to do, what should happen next. Yes, she had come to the realization that she had feelings for both Darcy and Sebastian. But how could a woman have feelings for two guys at the same time? How? How was that possible? Especially when the two guys were her adopted brothers?
She needed to think. She needed to clear her head. She needed to decide.
Suddenly, the song "Sway" by Michael Bublé erupted in the room and everyone rushed onto the dance floor, swaying their bodies back and forth with enthusiasm.
Behind her Darcy stood still, watching her standing alone in the middle of the dance floor as people happily moved around them. He longed for her but knew he couldn't have her. In front of her stood Sebastian, also standing still as people moved around him, laughing and singing along to the song. He watched her, wanting her, longing for her.
Sakura closed her eyes, torn. What should she do?
Conrad surprised her by pulling her into his arms and started laughing. "Come on, Sakura. Dance with me."