
"One," Nicolas said loudly. The brothers bent forward.
God, Sakura thought, they look like professional swimmers with their tall, lean bodies all bending like so, ready to throw themselves into the water and start the race.
"Two," Nicolas said.
Sakura gritted her teeth and perched up on the seat, her heart pounding and pounding and pounding.
"Go!"
Suddenly, they all dived into the water. Splash! From Sakura's vantage point, she noted that Sebastian had the strongest start, his body hitting the water the farthest, followed by Darcy and then Hayden. Nicolas, Tristan, Logan, and Conrad dived in at about the same distance. Then they were on-head to head-their powerful arms propelling them forward, stroking alternately, their strong feet kicking along.
Sebastian was the first to reach the other end of the pool. He flipped around, kicked his powerful legs against the wall of the pool, and then swam toward the other direction. Darcy wasn't far behind him, followed by Hayden, Logan, Tristan, Nicolas, and then Conrad. They did another three turns, all in breathtaking pace-neck to neck. Suddenly, Conrad stopped. Sakura panicked because she thought he was drowning. She watched him climbing out of the pool. He seemed to be having trouble breathing.
"I can't go on any longer," he puffed out. He was starving for air, and his chest was heaving with exertion. "Sorry, Sakura," he managed.
Sakura nodded her head and gave him a smile. Conrad nodded back, and then they both turned their attention to watch the intense race that was still going.
A few seconds later, Nicolas climbed out. He wasn't at all breathless. He said, "I can't see a damn thing. I need my glasses."
Conrad gave him his glasses, and after he'd safely put them back on the bridge of his nose, Nicolas sat down and watched the race with interest.
At this time, Sebastian was still in the lead, and Darcy wasn't far behind him. They only had another lap to go, and then it'd be over. Sakura watched, her stomach flipping and her whole body tense with anticipation. She didn't know why she was so anxious. Perhaps she was in the competition as well. Although, to be honest, she didn't really care which of the brothers won.
Then it was the final lap, and Darcy and Sebastian were now side by side, head on. Suddenly, Sebastian increased his power and propelled himself harder and faster. Darcy must have felt it and increased his power, too. Then in a split second, Sebastian reached the end first, followed by Darcy. Hayden wasn't far behind and Tristan after that. Logan was the last to finish, by a mere five seconds.
Sakura was amazed as she stood there breathless. What an experience, she thought. It was something she'd never expected to see, to feel. God, she felt as though she were with them, swimming along, feeling the power and the adrenaline. Then when they'd reached the end, she stopped breathing completely.
"I can't believe I'm last," Logan muttered under his breath.
Tristan, Logan, and Hayden climbed out of the pool, and they all lay down on the marble floor, trying to catch their breath. Sebastian, however, wasn't even breathless. His face showed it was nothing to him.
Nicolas said, "He didn't do his best."
Sakura was confused as she stared wide-eyed at Sebastian's powerful, handsome body climbing out of the pool. Her whole body trembled with longing. She didn't understand why, but she yearned to be close to him. She wanted to run her fingers along the length of his toned muscles, to feel his wet, smooth skin against her fingertips. Her insides ached, and she had to control the tremor that seemed to rise within her being. Oh, God, fire. There was fire within her that was burning and burning-refusing to die down until...