
Eighteen Years Ago, St. Joseph Island

Little Sakura woke herself up with a soul retching, piercing scream that shook her wee body by the force of fright. She flashed her eyes open, praying the monster Mrs. Byrd wasn't there in her room, about to whip her with a belt. Her eyes were dark and wild as she scanned around the cold, bare room. Once she was convinced that the woman was not presence, she clutched the thin blanket against her person and began to whimper.
"I wish I have a mama to hug me," she cried, tears flowing down her cheeks. Instead, she hugged herself into a small ball to ease the icy coldness in the room and tried to go back to sleep. The thought of that ruthless, mean Mrs. Byrd and her daughter, Tara, however, kept her awake. They were no doubt very comfortable in their warm beds right now. She had only wanted another blanket to top this thin one to keep her warm at night. When she had asked that morning, however, what she had received in turned was a slap on the face and then ten whips on her backside. She was still sore from the punishment, but tried not to think about it. Instead, she thought about the Princeton brothers, thought of the boy named Darce with black hair and beautiful lavender-gray eyes. Slowly, she felt a sense of calmness settling within her as a smile formed on her lips.
Darce had stroked her hair and suggested they call her Snow. She liked the name. It was a beautiful name. Better than Sally. Sakura wasn't a Silly Sally. She was Sakura, and to Darce, she was Snow. Then she thought about the beautiful boy named Sebastian. The one with golden blonde hair and sky blue eyes. He had been curious about her, smiled at her, and talked to her. Oddly enough, he made her happy. How she wished they were her siblings. How she wish they'd play with her like they had played with Alaina and Tara.
She turned on her side, wiping tears from her cheeks. Then she cupped her hands together and began her prayer. "Dear God, please hear my prayer. If you are out there, please listen to me. I've been a good girl, haven't I? I mean, I've studied really hard and I did all my chores. I didn't complain when Mrs. Byrd whipped me. That ought to account for something, right? So please hear my prayer. I want a nice family to adopt me. I want them to love me. I want a mama and a papa who love me and hug me when I get nightmares. Most of all, I don't want them to be angry at me all the time and whip me. I mean they can be angry at me sometime when I'm being silly or stupid. But I'm not stupid or silly. Of course that name, Sally, is a silly name and it just doesn't suit me, you know. Anyway, please please please do something soon because I'm beginning to think you don't exist anymore. You're so slow at working this out. Anyway, please help me find a nice family. The Princeton would be nice. No, not just nice. They'd be perfect. Please? Okay, that's all. I'm going to stop bothering you now. You can go back and make people wishes come true, but just don't forget mine." She sighed after having expressed her wishes to the Almighty and then closed her eyes.
Ten minutes later, she still couldn't sleep and felt awfully thirsty. She sat up and got out of bed, praying very hard that it was still too early for anyone to be up.
She quietly opened the door, slipped out, and silently made her way across the dark corridor, down the stairs and then toward the kitchen.
There, she reached for the knob and turned. Slowly and quietly, she cracked the door open whilst she glanced behind her shoulder in case anyone saw her. All she wanted was a glass of milk, but Mrs. Byrd would slap her again if she were to take milk without permission.
Sakura thought she was safe and let her guard down. She stepped into the kitchen and didn't look at where she was going. She came to a complete stop and gasped in fright the moment she saw Mrs. Byrd. The woman had her back to Sakura. She was busied pouring a big tine of liquid around the room.