
"Sounds like a lot of hard work coming up," Luke said, putting his cup down.
"Yeah, maybe I'll get to have some fun in Hawaii," Jane said dreamily. She turned to Sakura, her green eyes large and bright. "That's where we'd be doing the photo shoots. Hot summer. Eveningwear. Office wear. Swimwear. Totally. Hot. Hot. Hot."
Sakura chuckled. She could totally see it, Jane having heaps of fun in Hawaii after a long day of hard work. Then maybe she'd even throw her glasses away, unbound her lovely blond hair, and wear a bikini. She'd totally turned heads—that Sakura was sure of.
It was fifteen minutes later when the brother and sister left, and Sakura returned to her studio. She stood, staring at the painting she had started since last spring back on St. JosephIsland. After that incident, after she had left St. JosephIsland to start anew, she hadn't the heart to finish this particular painting. She had left it sitting in the attic of the apartment for quite some time, almost a year in fact, letting it gather dust, until last week. She didn't know why, but she just wanted to finish it now. Hence, here it was, sitting in her studio, ready for her to do the finishing touches.
She sat down and took a deep breath as she eyed the unfinished painting. Even in its incompleteness, it still looked beautiful, at least to her anyway.
The painting was of the cherry blossom tree on St.   JosephIsland. It was the very same tree she had taken the photo of that day when she had first met the Princeton brothers. It was the very same tree where she had slept under that day and then woken up to find Darcy there with her. It was the very same tree where Darcy had kissed her under. It was also the very same tree where she had laid under and cried her heart out when she had found out Darcy had been in a relationship with Kate.
Her heart suddenly ached at the thought of him. She gritted her teeth as she felt tears burning within her eyes. No, she mustn't think about him. She mustn't. She had tried so hard to forget about him, about them, Darcy and Sebastian, the two men who had stolen her heart last spring.
Why had she run away from them?
Sakura felt her heart thumping furiously within her chest. The reason? It was because she loved them too much, because she didn't want to hurt any of them. She had known that by choosing one would surely hurt the other. Then there was also the fact that she didn't want to cause conflict within the family, especially where Alaina and Daddy James was concerned.
It had been obvious that Alaina and Tara had never liked her and had done whatever they took to get rid of her from the family. She knew Daddy James loved her, but Sakura didn't want to be the one responsible for the rift between Daddy James and Alaina. With Sakura out of the picture, the family could live peacefully, that much Sakura knew, and hence she had left.
Then there was also the fact that Sakura herself had wanted to live her own life and to find her mother. Those alone were reasons enough for her to leave the Princeton family. She had known it had been heartless of her to leave them without saying a word, but she also had known they wouldn't let her leave just like that if she had told them.
Unconsciously, she touched the Sakura pendant of her necklace, caressing the pink gem.
'Sakura, you've done the right thing,' the little voice at the back of her head said.
With a nod in agreement with the voice, she picked up the paint brush and continued with her painting. She worked long and hard, only eating snacks when she was hungry. By midnight, she was finally finished. Yes, she thought, standing back and gazing at her masterpiece. She had done it. The painting of the Sakura tree was done. Tears brunt in her eyes as she gazed at her new baby.