
Someone grumbled in his sleep. It was Tristan behind her. When he quietened down, she moved over to the side, crossing over Logan. Suddenly, the stupid man stirred, turning his body just so. Sakura knew she was going to fall as his action caught the hem of her yukata. She found herself falling forward and shrieked out in dismay.
Sebastian woke up at the sound of the female voice squeaking and found himself being greeted by Sakura landing on top of him. He was bloody surprised, and mighty pleased to be greet in such early hour of the morning with such a beautiful and soft body. Because she was so small, her weight was nothing to him and so he didn't feel anything when she smashed onto him. Though he couldn't say the same for her. She looked like she was hurt rather badly, what with the painful face she was pulling.
She gasped and said, "Toby!" She glanced down, hoping like hell she hadn't squished the little pup to death.
He was whimpering and Sakura said, "I'm so sorry, Toby."
Sebastian chuckled, his deep timber voice echoing loud in the quite room. "I think he's all right," he said.
Sakura tried to site up, but Sebastian tightened his hold on her and made her roll over him instead, to give Toby some space between them.
Sakura found herself flat on her back, with Sebastian beside her. He was resting the weight of his body on his elbow as he gazed down at her.
"Good morning," he said, a handsome smile on his lips. "Are you all right?"
Sakura pulled her yukata about her person, trying to over herself properly. She shuffled herself back, to get some space between them but found her endeavor was useless because she was trapped by another body to her other side. She turned over and met Darcy's dark gaze. He was watching her intensely.
"Why are you up already?" he asked. "It's not even six yet."
She blushed and muttered, "I usually get up this early. It's my biological clock."
Toby chose that moment to wriggle out of Sakura's arm. Once he was free, he jumped onto Darcy's chest, gave him a good click on the cheek in greeting and then hopped over on to the sofa on to Conrad, landing on the youngest brother's chest. The dog then snuggled under Conrad's blanket and made himself comfortable with the brother.
Sakura sat up and said, "I'm going back to the apartment."
"At this time?" Darcy queried. "Don't you think it's a bit inconvenient for Lady Haruka?"
Sakura must admit he was right.
Sebastian gently nudged her back down in between them, moving his pillow so that she could share his. "Nicolas already informed Lady Haruka about you staying here for the night."
Sakura sighed as she once again found herself in between the two men. When Darcy pulled his blanket so that she could have some of his, she said, "No, in that case, I'll just go and get some coffee."
She moved, stood up, and pulled her yukata properly on her person. Then she said, "Excuse me," and stepped over Sebastian's body.
She was just opening the door when Sebastian said, "In that case, I'll join you."
"Me, too," Darcy said.
The three came into the kitchen and met Beth there, who was getting breakfast ready.
"Good morning, Beth," Sakura greet.
Beth nearly jump out of her skin. "Sakura?"
At Beth's questioning look, Sakura said, "It's a long story. I'm going to make some coffee. Would you like one?"