
Sakura, she thought, you looked like one of those high fashion models who was about to do a catwalk. Her heart did a somersault. Oh God, yes, that was exactly what she was about to do in twenty minutes times, and it was all due to a case of mistaken identity.
She was supposed to be here, minding her own business to steal a sneak peek at her supposedly mother Haruka Tanaka, but now looked at where it got her.
The gown! She couldn't believe she was wearing a famous designer gown that no woman had ever worn nor anyone had ever seen before. Well, until tonight in-
She glanced at the huge clock on the wall to the right. Her heart did another jolt. Jesus! In only eighteen minutes times. Breathe, Sakura, just breathe-she told herself. Oh God! She had to call Jane. Jane would know what to do. Jane would sort all this mess out.
Her hands shaking, she dug into her bag and searched frantically for her cell phone. She found it and quickly dialed her friend's number.
Her whole body was shaking with nervousness as the phone rang and rang and rang.
"Hello?"
"Jane?" Sakura shouted into the phone, panic in her voice. "Jane?"
"Oi! You there. Quickly take this to Mr. Tachibana. Oh shit! What are you doing? That's supposed to be over there. Quickly fix it. Now! And how are the backstage people going? What the heck! We're on in fifteen! Oi, you fix her dress now. Shit! Where the hell is that Chris! Bloody hell, Chris! I need help here!"
Sakura gritted her teeth. She knew Jane was busy with work, but Sakura needed help. Pronto!
"Jane?" she shouted into the phone again.
"Huh? Oh God! I'm sorry, is that you Sakura? Where are you? I can't believe I've lost you in this crazy mess."
Sakura thought-forget about the crazy mess! She was the crazy mess!
"Jane? I need you. Please come quickly. I'm in trouble," she begged. She was almost on the verge of crying but managed to control herself because she didn't want to mess up her beautifully made-up face that three make-up artists had worked so hard on. She just couldn't believe that she was in this stupid predicament. That was all.
"What? What's wrong?"
"They mistook me for Sakura," she said.
"What? Hold on a second. I can't hear you properly in this crazy noise." A moment later, "What was it again?"
Sakura sighed and shouted into the phone again. "They mistook me for Sakura."
A pause and then, "But you are Sakura."
"No, that's not what I mean. The make-up artists mistook me for Sakura, the famous Japanese super model."
"Holy Shit!" Jane swore loudly into the phone. "Just wait there. Where are you?"
"The dressing room," Sakura replied, her voice shaking. "Please come quickly."
"Right, be there in a second."
"Okay," Sakura whispered into the phone, her heart thumping hard out within her chest. She took a deep, calming breath and closed her eyes. Yes, everything would be all right. Jane would be here soon.
"You looked shorter than I remember," a seductive voice with a hint of Japanese accent said softly.