
"That our Sakura for you," Logan said. "Our darling adopted sister couldn't wait to meet us."
The brothers understood the irony of Logan's words and chuckled.
"Why is she taking so long?" Conrad asked, flicking his eyes to the door.
"Look," Ned said, serious all of a sudden. "You boys know where she lives now and what she does. You knows she's in good health and that she's fine. You mightn't like what I'm about to say but I'm going to say it anyway. She doesn't want to see you boys yet. She needs time to come round. If you know what I mean."
Conrad didn't like the sound of that and said, "What if she doesn't come round?"
"She will," Ned said. "I know her more than you boys do. I've been with her since she was a little girl. Whilst you boys running round trying to please Tara and Alainna and then gone off to your fancy private school, she was with me, learning how to cope with the bully from school and at home."
At the reminder of their childhood, the brothers immediately fell quiet and tense with guilt.
"So my suggestion is to leave her be for a while. You can trust me."
"We trust you, Ned," Sebastian said. "How long do you think she needs?"
"A while," Ned replied. "Trust me, you can't rush her. Her priority right now is to find her biological mother, and her seeing you boys again just doesn't help."
"What if we come to visit once a week?" Conrad asked. "I mean like casually? Or coffee?"
Ned laughed. "I'll see what I can do."
"So you'll try to make her come round?" Darcy asked.
"Yes," he said. "But it will take time."
Nicolas stood then and said, "I'll give you a call sometime this week."
Ned couldn't help but laughed again. "With reports? Sure." In which case, he opened the door, ushering them out.
When Logan put Toby down on the floor, the dog groaned in displeasure.
"Can we come and take Toby home sometime?" Conrad asked Ned as they came down the stairs.
"Why not? I usually take him out for long walks whilst Sakura works," Ned replied. At this offer, Conrad couldn't stop smiling.

Alexia's Note: Please, guys, vote and share this story with your friends and followers. I really want to make this book popular. So please help me out. I will ever be so grateful. Don't forget to like me on Facebook http://www.facebook.com/AuthorAlexiaPraks and follow me on twitter @AlexiaPraks. You guys are awesome ^_^