
My Dear Sakura

"You're late," Hayden said to Darcy the moment the brother walked into the living area of the apartment.
Darcy eyed Hayden and noted that he was dressed a bit more formal than his casual jeans and t-shirt. He looked as though he was about to go out.
"Heading out somewhere?" Darcy asked. "I thought we were going to discuss about Sakura."
"Lady Suzuki invited us for lunch this morning, and you can't refused. Our dear brother Nicolas had already accepted."
"Then he can go by himself, or with Sebastian," Darcy said, brushing pass his brother into the living area.
Tristan greet him by hooking his arm around Darcy's neck in affection. "And let you miss out on all the fun? By the way, you haven't yet meet Akira, Sosuke's younger sister." He chuckled. "She's one hot chick."
Darcy scowled at his brother. "Not interested."
Nicolas, who was just entering the room at that moment, said, "Whether you're interested or not, you're coming to lunch with us. Lady Suzuki has already prepared us the meal. It's impolite to refuse her invitation."
Darcy shoved Tristan away from him and headed over to the sofa. He collapsed on the soft thing and sighed. "Fine, I'm coming but afterward, we have to discuss about Sakura."
Sebastian, who was standing by the French door staring out at the cherry blossom outside in their courtyard, said, "Beth told us last night Ned lives in New York."
At this, Darcy shot up and queried, "Does he know where she is?"
Sebastian turned and said, "We don't know. We're meeting him next Sunday. Hopefully, he can help us."
Darcy nodded and Conrad said, "I bet he knows where she is. She just can't run off by herself."
"Why couldn't he meet us today?" Logan asked from the other side of the room.
"He's busy," Nicolas said. "Beth said he's running a gallery or something with a co-owner."
"I'm not surprise since he's a painter," Hayden said, nodding his head.
"All right, we better to go down," Nicolas said, heading to the door.
"What's the hurry, Nicolas?" Logan teased. "Or are you eager to see Akira? Hum, or should I call her Akira-chan?"
Nicolas frowned at him and said calmly, "Akira has nothing to do with me."
"Damn right," Tristan chimed in. "Or didn't you see how upset she was with Nicolas at the way he treated her? You are such a ruthless bastard, Nicolas. You'll never the girl that way. She hates your guts. And she called baka. Isn't that like a swear word in Japanese?"
Logan laughed. "It means fool or stupid and a whole lot of nasty things."
Nicolas's scowl darkened and snapped, "We're leaving now."
Sebastian just shook his head as he followed Nicolas out the door. Darcy reluctantly got up from the sofa, and he and Conrad followed suit. Hayden said, "What are you guys waiting for? We better go."
"Coming," Logan and Tristan said in unison and all three left the apartment.
It was only a few moments later that they were at the front door of Haruka's apartment. Sosuke, who was dressed in a dark yukata, greeted them with a warm smile, and one by one, allow the brothers to enter after they have taken their shoes off. In the living area, Haruka, who was also in a light blue yukata, came over and bowed her head slightly at the brothers.