
"Err..."
Akira didn't get to finish her sentence because Sakura rushed out the door. Akira turned to look at Jane.
"I wasn't finished yet," Akira said. "Her front isn't done up properly."
Jane just smiled and shrugged her shoulders.
Sakura knew she was late, and she hadn't yet finished setting up the low tables. She was in such a rush that she didn't look at where she was going. She raced along the corridor, intending to go into the dining room. Suddenly, she smashed right in to the arms of one of the men she had been thinking about all day. She froze the moment she felt him embracing her. She slowly lifted her gaze and swallowed when she saw the hot, intense mauve-gray eyes watching her.
Sakura licked her lips and said, "Darcy, you're early."
Tristan chuckled from behind. "We're not early, Sakura darling, we are on time."
Sakura hesitantly moved out of Darcy's arm, blushing. Then she looked behind Darcy to see both Tristan and Logan. All three men were wearing the yukata as well, and they definitely looked hot, especially because they didn't wear any shirt underneath and the V-shape about the front was showing their muscular chest very clearly. For Darcy, she could slightly see the tattoo of the Sakura flower. The view was very enticing, and she had the uncontrollable desire to caress the firmness of his toned chest. She quickly flicked her mind away from the too tempting, too hot looking, brooding Darcy and wondered where everyone else was.
To answer her questioning gaze, Darcy said, "Everyone is already in the living room."
"Oh," was Sakura's reply, her eyes on him. She noted the intense gaze scorching on her person and felt a delicious shivered coursing down her body. She quickly glanced away, breathless.
Logan came around to her and gave her a great big hug. He squeezed her tight and said, "You look beautiful, Sakura, in that yukata. Here, let me arrange it properly on you."
Logan was about to touch the material of the yukata about her chest when Darcy slapped his hand away.  Logan said, "Then why don't you do it? She can't go in looking like that."
Confused as to what Logan meant, Sakura glanced down at herself and wanted to die. Though her yukata fitted her perfectly, her front wasn't arranged properly and was left wide opened, showing off her milky white skin. She blushed and started pulling the material up.
"You're not doing it right," Darcy said, his hand on her, stopping her action in her track.
Sakura's heart fluttered in her chest as she gazed up at him.
'He doesn't love me anymore,' she told herself. When he let go of her hand, she dropped them to her sides, weak.
Darcy gently touched the material of the yukata about her chest, his fingers lightly caressing her skin. She sucked in her breath and a slight groan escaped her lips. She avoided his gaze as he rearranged the yukata for her. Her body was tense and as stiff as a pole. When he was done, he dropped his hands and took a step back.
Tristan cocked his head to one side and looked at Darcy's handy work. "Nice. Very nice." Then he grabbed Sakura by the elbow and said, "Shall we join the others?"
At Sakura's tentative nod, he led her toward the living area. Just as they were about to enter, Sakura turned to look over her shoulder at Darcy. She winched inside when she realized that he wasn't even looking at her. He was staring straight ahead, his face a mask of stone.
She sighed and returned her attention to Tristan, who was saying how excited he was about the upcoming photoshoot in Hawaii.