
The noise drew her attention to her beloved pet, and she smiled. "Hey, Toby, did you sleep well last night?"
Again, Toby barked.
"I didn't squeeze you, did I?" She chuckled. "I slept like a dead log."
At this comment, the brothers looked at one another. Clearly, Sakura didn't remember what had happened that morning when she came into the living room and started screaming in front of them.
When Toby barked again, Sakura laughed. Some ten minutes later, she finished her meal and excused herself to get freshen up. Alone in the bathroom, she stripped herself naked and took a long hot bath, Toby sitting there waiting patiently for her to finish.
She laid there, staring up at the ceiling, thinking about Mrs. Byrd and what she was going to do next. She also wondered what Daddy James had found out about the woman. She was about to doze off again when a knock came at the door, waking her from her drowsiness.
"Who is it?" she asked.
"Sakura?" It was Sebastian's voice. "Are you all right in there?"
He sounded worry, and Sakura frowned. Why wouldn't I be all right? she wondered. She said, "I'm fine. I'm just having a bath."
"Just want to make sure," Conrad shouted from the other side.
"Take your time," Tristan said.
"Don't mind us." Logan's voice came next.
"Hurry up, Sakura," Hayden muttered. "Dad wants to talk to you."
Sakura perked up, splashing water everywhere. Toby barked and got to his feet as well.
"Don't listen to him, Sakura," Darcy said. "Take your time."
Sakura reached out for a towel and wondered if all seven of them were at the door. No, wait. Nicolas. She hadn't heard his voice so he couldn't there out there right now with is brothers.
She was wrong. Nicolas said, "Sakura. Lady Haruka phoned. She was asking how you are. She's on her way to see you now."
"What?" Sakura shrieked. "Please don't tell her to come. It's so inconvenient. For her I mean. I'm not that important for her to worry so much about me."
"Well," he said. "She's coming regardless."
Sakura sighed. "All right. All right. I'm getting ready. Be out in a moment."
Sakura quickly showered to wash off the soapy bubble from her body and then dried herself. She quickly dressed in her jeans and jumper from yesterday and then put some moisturizer on her face. A layer of lip gloss when on her lips next, and leaving her long hair wet, she rushed out the bathroom.
She was glad that the brothers weren't there at the door when she came out. With Toby by her feet, the pair made their way along the corridor into the living area.
Her adopted parents and brothers were waiting for her patiently. She came to sit beside Brenda and James whilst Toby chose to jump on Darcy's lap and made himself comfortable there.
Sakura said to her adopted parents, "Why are the brothers here?"
James glanced at his sons and then turned his attention to his adopted daughter. "Sakura, your brothers need to know what happened that night eighteen years ago."
"Why?" she asked, a guarded look on her face.
Sebastian said, "Sakura. Dad said you might be in danger."