
"What do you want, Mom? I told you not to ring me unless it's an emergency!"
Julie gritted her teeth and snapped, "Tara darling, this is an emergency." Her voice was shaking, and she knew Tara could hear that.
"What is it? What's wrong?"
Julie took a deep breath and said, "Meet me tonight at the Madam Lounge."
"What? Why can't you tell me now?"
Julie snapped. "It's not safe. Just meet me this evening in my office."
"All right. I'll be there."
The beeping sound came through instantly, indicating that Tara had hung up. Julie once again felt herself shaking with fright, her eyes on the closet where the ancient box was hidden.
* * * * *

"Get off me!" Tara muttered in annoyance, shoving a hand away. Ray Woods lifted his head and raised a brow at her.
"What the fuck is wrong with you?" he queried. He was quite annoyed that she had interrupted him having his way with her.
Tara folded her arms against her bare breasts and said coldly, "It's my mother."
"Oh?" He sat up and sighed. "What the fuck does she want?"
"She wants to meet tonight," Tara said, looking heavenward. "Thing is, she sounded like she has just shit herself."
Ray laughed. "That's be funny."
At Tara's glare, he said, "Your mother is a bitch, Tara. We both knows that. I've worked for her doing her dirty job for five years now. I know that woman is mental."
Tara snorted. "If she's mental, then why the hell are you working for her?"
Ray shrugged his shoulders. "She pays good money. And I like the job."
Tara saw him smile, and knew what he meant. He loved living dangerously and doing illegal things. That was what drew her to him the moment they had first met a year ago after James Princeton had kicked her out of his family. She was so pissed that her plans in getting rid of Sakura had failed that she returned to New York and started drinking herself stupid. When she became broke, and of course, couldn't ask Alaina for any more money to keep her going, she had turned to her own mother, who supposedly died eighteen years ago, for help. Of course she had found out since she had turned sixteen nine years ago when she had received an anonymous letter that Margaret Byrd wasn't dead. At first she had been so pissed with her own mother for pulling out such a selfish stun, for burning down the orphanage and running off, leaving her to fend for herself. But then again, the circumstance had also given her the opportunity to be adopted by one of the wealthiest families in America, with Alaina's help of course. She had used her wits and trick to get the gullible girl to become her best friend and made her do everything she had ever wished for.
Tara sighed and got out of bed, naked. Ray admired her slender form and said, "Where are you going?"
Tara turned to look at him and said, "To see my mental mother."
He laughed. "I guess I will have to presence myself as well. She probably have a fuckingly good job for me to do."
Three hours later, Tara and Ray walked into the Madam Lounge, a private club for men to enjoy their drinking and sex. Tara snorted in disgust at the place. She couldn't believe her own mother own such a despicable business establishment.