
You always make me smile and I thank you for that.
You are my favorite brother, and I love you dearly.
Sakura
Conrad blinked and read through the contents again. Then he realized what it meant. No, he thought. It couldn't be right. Someone must be playing tricks on him. It must be Tristan. He rushed out of his room and ran to Sakura's bedroom. He didn't even bother to knock and he burst in. He found the room as it was before, clean and tidy. But there were things missing. The laptop, the camera, and Sakura's bag were all gone. That was when he realized she was really gone. He collapsed onto his knees and whispered, "Sakura."
Nicolas, Tristan, Logan, and Hayden came into her room then. They found Conrad beside Sakura's bed. That was when they, too, realized she was gone-really gone.
Conrad lifted his head to his brothers and said sadly, "She left us."
* * *
Sebastian stared at the little card on his bed, his heart thumping loudly within his chest. He knew the instant he'd seen the card who it was from and what the meaning of it was. He, however, refused to think about it, refused to pick it up and read the contents. That was when he heard someone rushing into Sakura's room and a moment later more footsteps.
"She left us," he heard Conrad say.
It was as though the world had collapsed on him, and he felt sick to his stomach. Suddenly he felt dizzy, and his legs staggered. He sat on the bed, finding it difficult to breathe. He felt as though he was being suffocated.
Then, as if he couldn't stand the torment of not knowing what that card said, he reached for it. Slowly he took a deep breath and opened the card.
Mono no aware.
I love you.
Sakura
Sebastian closed his eyes, his face contorted with anguish. "Sakura," he cried softly under his breath. "Sakura." His body was shaking uncontrollably as he sat there, silently crying his heart out.
Why did you have to leave? Why? Who told you to leave? Have you no heart? You said you love me. So why did you leave me?
"Why?" he whispered. "Why?" Then he shook his head, refusing to submit to this stupid fate she'd made out for him. He wouldn't accept this. Not Sebastian. He wasn't just going to sit here and let her run off just like that. Oh no. He'd track her down and bring her back.
"Mono no aware bullshit!" he swore. "I'm going to find you, Sakura, and I will never allow you out of my sight again, ever!" He lifted his head then, a determined look in his azure eyes, his face a hard mask.
* * *
Darcy opened his eyes. His head hurt. In fact, his whole body was in pain. What happened? Why couldn't he remember anything? Slowly, he brought his fingers to his lips and stroked the pale flesh. He closed his eyes again, trying to remember what had happened. All that he remembered was him trying to save Sakura in the sea. Is she safe? Where is she?
He continued to stroke his dry lips as his mind searched far and wide for that elusive memory. Why did he have the feeling that someone had kissed him last night? The warm lips. The gentle touches.
Oh, God, he couldn't remember.
Then he saw the card sitting on the bedside table. He reached out for it and noted it was very pretty. It was a watercolor painting of a cherry tree, the very same tree that he and Sakura had sat under and where he'd kissed her. Suddenly, his heart ached within his chest and his body tensed as though he knew.