
"Thank you," she sobbed.
It had been much later when he found out the meaning of Sakura's words. His own children, Tara included, had been treating Sakura unfairly. The little girl believed that if he and Brenda didn't show any sign of love toward her, then her new brothers and sisters wouldn't hurt her. Of course, James would never tolerate such malicious behavior from his children and had taken the bull by the horns by setting them straight and telling them he wouldn't take such nonsense from them and was indeed very disappointed. They were the Princetons, after all, and should set good examples to the public.
James had known his sons were smart, and true to his thinking, by the end of the month, he'd decided the lesson was very effective indeed. Perhaps it had been too effective because the boys began to ignore Sakura completely, to the point that she no longer existed in their lives.
James put down his knife and fork, knowing very well he'd have to talk with Sakura later tonight. After all, she couldn't very well hide away in her room for the next few weeks when everyone was here preparing for Mary's wedding.
He turned his attention to his sons, eyeing them from one to another. They were all enjoying their meal to the max, and of course, he wasn't at all surprised they didn't pay any attention as to who had been responsible for preparing their meal.
After the dinner, they retired to the drawing room where Beth served them standard coffee and tea. James looked as though he was about to balk as Beth gave him a cup, and the brothers wanted to laugh.
"It's not half-bad," Hayden said, taking a sip.
"I too was looking forward to the coffee," Dale commented, and Molly shook her head.
It was a bit later that the brothers decided they needed a walk to work off their big meal and headed out to the pond to the north of the house near the woods. It was amazingly beautiful as the brothers took in the scenery. The pond was surrounded by cherry, magnolia, and other trees native to the island. The moon was high above on the horizon, reflecting on the glassy water. The air was warm and breezy, and now and again, native life stirred in the distance.
"I forgot how quiet and peaceful it is here," Darcy said softly, gazing up at the moon. He realized then that this was the place he wanted to be, the place he belonged. Yes, he needed peace and quiet. He needed solitude.
Nicolas remarked. "Beautiful scenery. I can't believe it's in our backyard."
"Dad must have hired a new gardener," Logan said. "As well as a new chef."
"That was the best meal ever!" Conrad shouted out into the night, stretching his arms out as if he were on top of the world.
"You always eat too much," Tristan commented, gazing off at the night stars above.
"Speak for yourself." Logan chuckled.
"Speaking of which...," Nicolas said suddenly. "Alaina and Tara haven't arrived yet." There was a note of concern in his voice that the brothers couldn't miss.
"Probably enjoying their time in town," Logan said. "Not that there's much in town here."
"Should probably shoot them a text or something." Sebastian suggested.
"Yeah," Nicolas said and pulled out his BlackBerry.
Logan came up and hooked his arm around Tristan's neck. "So what happened to your girlfriend?"
Tristan frowned at his brother and naturally told him to bugger off.
"Come on," Logan egged his brother on. "I'm your brother and best friend."