
Cake Flavor? Sakura Please!

Baby-blue eyes glared at her accusingly, and that pretty face scrunched with disgust.
"You can't steal Darcy from me!" nine-year-old Alaina hissed.
Ten-year-old Sakura looked down at Alaina's small hands that were squeezing hers so tight it was painful. She wanted to tell the girl to stop hurting her and let her go, but Alaina only sneered at her.
"You want me to let you go?" Alaina asked sarcastically, her head cocked to one side, her eyes narrowed darkly.
"Let her go! Let her go!" Ten-year-old Tara's voice echoed all around her, singing and laughing merrily. "Let her fall. Let her die."
"I'm letting you go," Alaina said. "So go and die."
Very slowly, Sakura watched in horror as Alaina unwrapped her hands. "No!" she screamed, watching Alaina as she slowly fell backward from the tree house, her small body flying down toward the ground as if she were falling from a cliff edge down to the angry sea below.
Sakura screamed, her eyes wide with fear, as Alaina was about to hit the hard ground below. Suddenly, it was Sakura who felt her own body falling-down, down, and down.
Splash!
The hungry water was everywhere around her, engulfing her, wanting to eat her alive. She struggled and tried to scream for help. She was dying, and she knew she couldn't do anything about it.
Blue eyes. A pair of beautiful, sky-blue eyes were watching her. A boy's hands were reaching out for her.
"Sakura!" he seemed to be shouting. His voice, however, was muffed by the water as his hands desperately reached out for her.
"Sebastian!"
Sakura woke up with a start, her body hot and sweating and her lips chanting Sebastian's name. Her heart pounded hard within her chest, and her head was spinning out of control.
She closed her eyes again, told herself to calm down because it was only a dream. No! A nightmare. A long-ago nightmare she thought she'd forgotten, but in fact it had lain dormant deep within her mind.
She turned on her side and tried to sleep, but it was impossible. She kept seeing those blue eyes, wide with fear, as they stared at her.
"Sebastian," she said under her breath as she gazed at the bright moon that shone through her opened curtain. She touched her hand to her chest where she felt the pounding of her heart. "Why?" she whispered. "Why would you sacrifice your life to save me?"
Soon she closed her eyes again and returned to sleep. This time though there was no nightmare.
The next morning, Sakura felt like a zombie. She was so lost in her own thoughts that she didn't know she'd reached the dining room.
"Good morning." Conrad greeted her the moment she stepped through the door. In fact, she didn't even have time to take a seat when he instantly had his strong arms around her person and gave her a really tight hug.
"Did you sleep well?" he asked.
Sakura wanted to tell him of course not. She had a nightmare, if he wanted to know the details. But instead she watched in horror as Conrad moved his face toward her, his lips coming down fast toward her forehead. She closed her eyes, wondering what Conrad wanted to do, when she felt strong hands around her slender arms and then a hard, swift pull of her body, releasing her from Conrad's hug.