
Mind made up, she started walking back toward the exit. Kate intercepted her and roughly caught her arm, which surprised Sakura. Kate smiled darkly, and then with all her might, she shoved her back, slamming her against the wall of the cave.
"Where do you think you're going?" she gritted out, her voice ice cold.
Sakura wriggled her arm free from the tight grip, her heart hammering in her chest. Oh, shit! Kate was here to hurt her-again! Suddenly, the images of Kate bullying her in high school came back to her in full force. Kate slapping her face. Kate slamming her head against the locker. Kate kicking her. Kate slamming the basketball against her face in PE.
Sakura felt tears burning in her eyes. "Home," she gritted out coldly. "Now leave me alone."
Kate smiled pleasantly as she cocked her head to one side. "Home? Sakura, do you even have a home to go to?" Then she laughed maniacally. "If you mean Princeton Mansion, I don't think that's your home." She pulled Sakura by the collar, which took Sakura by surprise. Then she shoved Sakura forward. "You don't have a home, you slut. You don't belong at Princeton Mansion. In fact, you don't belong with the Princetons at all. You're just a freeloader, sucking their life and money."
Sakura gritted her teeth and pulled back. "What are you talking about?"
"What am I talking about? What am I talking about?" Kate asked sarcastically. "Why don't you just get it straight in that dumb head of yours? That you don't belong with the Princeton family. That all you've ever done is cause the family to break apart. Let's just face it, why don't we? You've destroyed both Tara's and Alaina's life."
Sakura shook her head as Kate started moving toward her in a threatening way, like she'd always done in high school.
"First, you burned down the orphanage and killed Tara's mom because you bloody well hated Tara's and her mom's guts so much. Then you played the helpless little girl so you could get adopted by one of the wealthiest families in America. Then, of course, you use your bloody tricks to take poor Darcy away from Alaina, spinning his head with lies and making them turn against one another. Now you even take dear Sebastian away from poor Tara. Now, did I forget something else? Ah, how about James? He's so bloody smitten with you that he forgot about his own children. Oh, Alaina told me all about how you used your bloody tricks on James. How he took Alaina's inheritance away and gave it to you."
"What? That's not true," Sakura said, shaking her head. "Kate, I don't have to listen to your stupid accusations. Now get out of my way. I'm going home."
"Shut up! Just shut up, bitch," Kate said. "You know, these people are good people, and I, for one, will not allow a wicked bitch like you to hurt them." She grabbed Sakura by the hair and roughly slammed her head and body against the rocky wall of the cave.
The impact was so great that it nearly broke Sakura's bones, and she fell to the ground, her head spinning and her body aching. Her breathing was short as she tried to get up to get away from the woman who obviously wanted to kill her. She needed to gain control of herself. She needed to defend herself. She had to. She couldn't allow this woman to bully her anymore, to hurt her anymore.
When Sakura managed to gain control of her body again, she looked up to see Kate taking a Swiss Army knife out of her belt.
Sakura gritted her teeth and pushed herself up, ignoring the pain that was coursing through her body. She tried to get up but found that her body was too weak and the pain was too unbearable. Suddenly Kate was on top of her, kneeing her to the ground.