
Sakura didn't answer. She was now only wearing her white tank top and super skinny jeans. She breathed a sigh of relief because her body was covered with sweat. She pulled her hair back and formed it into a loose bun at the top of her head. She didn't know she looked rather fetching with her skin glistening with sweat, her cheeks blushed a perfect pink color, her lips dark red, and her eyes bright with determination.
Mary hid a smile. Gosh, Richard was going to have a hard time concentrating again, like always when they'd played basketball.
Mary wasn't wrong. Richard swallowed hard the moment Sakura returned to court. Conrad blinked and then couldn't stop staring. Tristan and Logan chuckled and eyed each other. They suddenly realized there was a possibility they could win the game.
Sebastian wasn't pleased, and his scowl darkened. Hayden whistled. Peter grinned. Nicolas took his glasses off the bridge of his nose, gave the lenses a good rub, and put them back on again.
Darcy felt his stomach flip. Suddenly, he wanted to pull her into his arms and kiss her again until they were both breathless.
Sakura stood in the middle of the court, her hands on her hips.
"Are we playing?" she asked no one in particular.
Sebastian wanted to lift her over his shoulder and take her away-where, he didn't know. Just away from here, and he wanted to kiss the hell out of her because at the moment she was taunting him with her exquisite beauty. Then the image of her kissing Darcy back in woods flashed in his mind, and he saw red. He gritted his teeth and growled, "Let's go!"
The game continued, and Sakura somehow found that the men weren't as tough as she thought they'd been. Even Nicolas was toning down his aggression. But not Sebastian. He was still as hostile as ever.
Conrad threw the ball at her. Sakura caught it. Sebastian materialized before her as if out of nowhere. She knew he was going to take the ball from her. Not this time, though. She twisted and jumped. Sebastian wrapped his arms around her waist and got his legs twisted against her. The ball fell from her hands. Sebastian tightened his arms around her, and they both fell down, rolling together across the court.
They came to stop on the other side, Sebastian on top of her.
Sakura could feel his manly strength above her. She could feel his naked skin, warm and sweaty, against her palms. She fluttered her eyes open to see his face close to hers, his eyes watching her intently.
"Are you all right?" Nicolas asked from above, his voice loud with concern.
"Get off her, Sebastian," Conrad said, pulling Sebastian back.
Sebastian sat back and watched her. Sakura tried to sit up, but pain shot through her ankle. She gasped.
"You sprained your ankle?" Tristan asked.
Darcy rushed over and came to support her from behind. "You okay?" he asked with concern.
"I'm all right," she replied brokenly, giving him a reassuring smile.
"Bloody hell!" Sebastian grunted, and without further ado, he scooped her in his arms. Before anyone could say anything, he carried her back to the house.
"Game over, then?" Logan said to no one.
"Game over," Tristan said. "We lost."
"Shit!" Logan swore.
Darcy watched Sebastian go, his eyes dark.
On the other side of the court, Tara gritted her teeth and wanted to scream. "Bitch!" she hissed under her breath.