
Once the housekeeper was gone, Sakura made quick work of her escape. She took out the extra pounds of pork, marinated it with her special marinade and then scribbled on a piece of yellow Post-it note the cooking instructions for Beth. Then she grabbed a large tray and tossed on some chocolate biscuits, mini-sandwiches, muffins, and an apple and a bunch of red grapes. After that, she grabbed a bottle of apple juice and a glass and then rushed off to the back stairs where she was sure no one would see her. Toby followed closely behind.
She hid in her room that night, working on her photos and putting them up for sale on her website. Now and again, she munched up her snacks to her heart's content, tossing a wee bit for Toby to enjoy. It was just a little after six o'clock when she heard them all raiding up the stairs onto the second floor.
Holy smokes! She'd just remembered that all the brothers' bedrooms were on the same floor as hers.
Her hands froze before the keyboard as her heart continued to pound outrageously fast. She turned to stare at the door, hoping they wouldn't open hers by accident. Surely, dear God, they remembered their own bedrooms and wouldn't randomly walk into hers, which of course was at the very far end of the house.
"That was the best afternoon tea I've had in a long time," she heard Logan say.
"You have afternoon tea?" Sebastian asked.
"Can't wait for dinner," Conrad said. "I heard there's roast pork."
"Need a shower," Darcy stated.
She sensed they were getting closer and closer to her room. Something wasn't right. Her body tensed up. She glanced at Toby, who was looking at her in confusion, wondering what was wrong with her.
Woof!
She wanted to die.
"What was that?" Nicolas uttered.
"What?" Tristan asked.
"I thought I heard something," Nicolas replied.
"You're going senile, old man," Tristan said. "Hearing things."
Sakura put a finger to her lips, telling Toby to be quiet. Toby cocked his head to one side, still confused.
Suddenly, she heard footsteps coming toward her door. Sakura swallowed. And before all hell broke loose, she raced to the door and quickly locked it. An instant later, the doorknob wriggled as if someone were trying to open it.
"It's locked," Sebastian muttered.
"Of course it's locked," Nicolas said. "No one stays there."
"You got the wrong room, handsome boy," Tristan shouted. "Your room is next door."
A few moments later, the hallway was quiet again, and Sakura sighed with relief.
"Oh God," she muttered under her breath. "Way too many surprises in one day."
About half an hour later, she heard them leaving their rooms one by one to go down for dinner, and it was only then she was able to fully relax.
She nearly jumped out of her skin when Brenda knocked on her door.
"Sakura, sweetheart, you're not coming down for dinner?" Brenda queried from the other side.
Sakura rushed to open the door and said, "Hi, Mom. Sorry, I have a really bad headache. Mind if I stay in bed?" she asked, feigning sickness.
"Then take some aspirin and rest. I'll tell Beth to bring something up for you. You know you should look after yourself more. You should just relax. You're on holiday, after all."