
Sebastian caught her eyes as he stroked back his wet hair. He noticed the look on her face and swallowed hard. Shit, he thought longingly. Holy shit! He couldn't believe what he was seeing. Did she know she was staring at him that way, that she was practically ogling him with desire?
Conrad's words penetrated Sakura's muffled mind. "He isn't usually that slow."
"Why the hell did you do that?" Darcy shouted from the pool.
Sebastian glanced away, knowing very well that his body had willingly responded to his adopted sister's intense stare, to what those beautiful eyes of hers were implying. He distracted himself from her by saying, "What? I won, didn't I?"
"You were mocking us, Sebastian," Logan said none too gently. "What? Because you didn't want to make a fool out of us in front of Sakura? Oh, thanks a lot, dear brother."
Sebastian wasn't listening to them. His mind was elsewhere. God, how was he going to deal with this forbidden blaze of desire that he was obviously having toward his adopted sister? And it seemed, whether she knew it or not or whether she liked it or not, she too was beginning to feel the same way toward him.
He came up to her, standing mere inches from her, his massive height easily towering over her form.
Sakura gasped involuntarily the moment he stopped in front of her. She gazed up at him and caught her breath. He was truly an amazing specimen. His face was gorgeous as he gazed down at her. Those azure eyes of his gazed down at her, penetrating deep into her soul. Because she couldn't handle how intensely he was staring, she dropped her gaze and found herself gawking at his massive chest instead. Smooth-so smooth and still wet. She itched to touch him. Oh, God! What was wrong with her? She shut her eyes, telling herself to stop being so stupid.
When she opened her eyes again, she found herself staring at his abs. The heat! Oh, God! The heat within her body.
Sebastian cleared his throat. He said to her, sounding more like a growl than anything, "Monday morning, ten o'clock sharp, we begin our lessons." Then he turned on his heel and walked out the door.
Sakura stared after him, confused. "What happened? I don't understand?" she whispered to herself.
Nicolas said, "If he were to put in all his effort like he used to, he would have finished before any of us even got halfway."
Sakura wasn't referring to that. She was referring to her own response to seeing Sebastian in such a state. "Right," she said, nodding her head but still confused.
"Oh well," Tristan said. "I did try my best." He got up and walked to the door. "It's shower time."
One by one the brothers headed out the door.
Sakura turned her attention to Darcy, who was just getting himself out of the pool. She noted that his toned, muscular body was wet, beads of water kissing his tanned, smooth skin. As he stood up, he stroked back his dark hair, and incidentally, his eyes met hers. Her breath caught at the back of her throat as he gazed at her. Her heart began to race and her fingers tingled. Her whole body buzzed with a warm sensation, and she felt lightheaded all of a sudden.
"You should go and have lunch," he said. "You haven't eaten anything since yesterday."
Sakura cleared her throat. "Yes, I will later."
He nodded at her and then left.