
Sakura Tanaka, Lady of Beauty

It didn't turn out right. It was supposed to be a dragon, but this piece of art work looked more like a Teddy bear gone seriously wrong than a dragon. Sakura Tanaka sighed in vexation as she put the jug of hot milk down. She'd just have to practice some more, she supposed.
She placed the two cups of coffee onto an antique silver tray and turned to her two guests, brother and sister Luke and Jane Hamilton, who were waiting patiently for their hot drinks.
"Sorry about that," she said softly, placing the tray onto the coffee table before them. "My coffee art seemed to have turned for the worse recently."
"No worries," Jane said, gladly taking a cup. "I'm not here for the art. I'm here for the coffee. It's totally worth waiting for." She inhaled the lovely aroma as she closed her eyes. When she opened them again, her thick glasses was already fogged up from the hot steam. Jane didn't care, however, and took a quick sip. The hot liquid burnt her tongue instantly, and she quickly swallowed. Then she huffed and puffed, sticking her tongue out to let it cool.
Sakura laughed at her new friend's reaction. This of course attracted Luke's attention.
The man couldn't help but gazed at her, taking in her exotic beauty. To say she was beautiful was an understatement as there was nothing he could think of that could compare to her uniqueness. Her long tresses, an ombre colors of pale blonde and brown, was braided loosely and resting on the left side of her slender shoulders, the length came all the way down to her small waist. Her skin, smooth and porcelain white, begged to be caress and touch. Then there were those eyes of hers—the two different colors, one azure-blue and the other mauve-grey, so mysterious and intense, and they fascinated him so much he couldn't stop staring. Those two colors weren't her real eye color, and Luke knew for a fact that her eyes must be brown. Though how dark and how deep a brown, he wasn't sure.
This new obsession of his, was to Luke's mind, merely an observation and nothing more. Yes, Luke liked to observe—that was what Luke told himself he was doing—observing and not gawking at Sakura Tanaka, the gallery owner, painter, and freelance photographer.
Today she was wearing one of her long, flowing skirt, a peachy white blouse she buttoned all the way up to her swan-like neck. The front of the pretty blouse also had frills which added more femininity onto her already elegant and feminine person.
To Luke, Sakura looked like a Victorian noble lady, so refined and elegance and certainly should be valued like a precious diamond no commoner like he could ever afford or touch. She should be put upon a pedestal, to be marveled at with love and affection.
Yes, that was what Sakura Tanaka was to Luke, and Luke was sure she gave the same impression to every other man who happened to catch a glimpse of her as well.
"Dear me, Jane," Sakura said, her voice so soft and so sweet, Luke felt his body tingled with pleasure. "You should at least wait until it cooled a bit. How's your tongue doing?"
Jane pulled a face and nudged her thick glasses up the bridge of her nose. "Blast it! It burns, Sakura! It burns."
Sakura laughed again. "Who told you to hurry? No one is going to steal your coffee."
Luke said, "It's a privilege to drink your coffee, Sakura. Those famous cafés up in Manhattan doesn't compare. I'd gladly pay for mind if only you let me."
"Don't be silly!" She waved, frowning at him.
Gosh, Luke thought, she still looked pretty even with the frown on her face.