
It was then that Haruka eyed Sakura's necklace. The pink diamond, not unlike her own, the one which Sakura had worn at the show, shone against the light as it dangled about Sakura's chest. Haruka felt light headed and the world around her suddenly spun. She found herself falling backward as her eyes shut.
Akira shouted, "Oba-chan!"
Sosuke leaped toward his aunty and cradled her in his arms while Akira hovered over with a pale face.
"Oba-chan, are you all right?" Sosuke asked with concern.
Sakura panicked the moment the woman was about to faint. The woman looked so frail all of a sudden, and of course, she blamed herself for that. The shock of her ruined necklace must have send her sick.
Sakura turned to look at Jane for support with a pale face. Jane moved closer and said, "It's okay, Sakura. Just hang in there."
Sakura nodded and returned her attention to Haruka, who was slowly gaining her sense back. She asked, her voice quivering just a little, "Are you all right?"
Haruka managed to come around and said lowly, "Don't worry, I just feel a little light headed, that is all."
"Are you sure, Oba-chan?" Akira asked. "Should we take you to see the doctor? You look awfully pale since yesterday."
Haruka sat up straight as Sosuke aided her. She cleared her throat and turned to Akira. "Darling, a glass water please?"
"Of course." Akira nodded and rushed off to do her bidding.
Haruka returned her attention to Sakura, her eyes on the necklace. She began, "I was wondering about your necklace, Sakura-chan."
Sakura glanced down at her own necklace, the one she had worn and never take off, the one which was with her since she was born. She tentatively touched the pendent, her eyes had a faraway look about it. "I've had been with me since birth. I was told it was with me when..."
Haruka fisted her hands tight and her body was tense as she waited for Sakura to continue. When Sakura hesitated for too long, she urged, "When?"
"When I was found on the doorstep of Queen Mary Orphanage on St. Joseph Island."
Haruka sucked in her breath and closed her eyes. She willed herself not to faint when she heard Akira's voice.
"Oba-chan? Water."
Haruka flashed her eyes open and thanked her niece for the trouble. She took slow sip of the cool liquid, and slowly her heart slowed to its normal beat and her body clamed. Once she was done with the glass of water, she handed it back to Akira.
Finally, Haruka returned her attention to the box by Sakura's knees. Sakura notice the woman's attention and quickly handed the thing to her.
Haruka opened the box, her expert eyes roaming the masterpiece of pink diamonds. There, she noted a single gem missing. She gently closed the box and handed it to Akira as if it was of no importance.
Sakura couldn't handle it any longer and said, "Can it be fixed?"
Slowly, Haruka nodded. Sakura sighed in relief at this, but her relief was short lived when Haruka said, "I'm afraid it will be very expensive. The pink diamond is very rare. To find it and then cut it..."
Sakura felt her heart sank again. "In that case I think I will have to get a loan from the bank."
Akira gasped. "Do you know how much it'll cost? It'll take you years to complete the repayment. Besides, what bank would lean you that type of money for a diamond?"