
Sakura frowned, her nose twitting at the odd scent.
"What's that smell?" she said softly without thinking.
Margaret Byrd jumped and twisted around, her eyes large in horror at Sakura. Then gritted her teeth and snapped, "What are you doing here at this time of night?"
Sakura shrugged back and said, "I want a glass of milk. I'm thirsty."
Margaret dumped the large tine of gasoline to the concern of the room and marched to Sakura. Heaving with frustration and anger, the woman raised her hand high and then swung across, smacking her plumb, hard fist against the little girl's face, throwing her small body back and landing her backside against the cold floor and her head to hit against the cupboard.
Sakura became limped and whimpered as the pain screamed in her body. She was shaking from head to toe as she stared at the large woman heading toward her. She was so afraid that tears burnt in her eyes, and she automatically protected herself by hugging her body into a small ball.
Margaret wouldn't have any of it and roughly grabbed the girl by her long hair, yanking her up as she said, "You didn't see anything of this, you hear? You didn't see me pouring gasoline in the kitchen. You didn't see me here. I'm dead. Do you understand?"
Sakura shook her head, tears poured down her cheeks. She didn't understand anything. All she wanted was for the woman to let her go and leave her alone.
Margaret did not of those things and shook Sakura hard. "Listen here you little brat, I'm dead. You understand. Margaret Byrd is dead. If anyone ask, say I died in the fire."
Still, Sakura shook her head. "Please," she begged. "Let me go. Please."
Margaret tightened her hands on the little girl, her eyes large with madness. "Look, Sakura, I promise I won't ever hurt you again if you just tell everyone that I'm dead in the fire, all right?"
Sakura blinked, and tentatively, she nodded. She wanted the woman to stop hurting her.
Margaret smiled. "Good girl." Slowly, she let Sakura go and took a few steps back. She fumbled her hands into the pocket of his dress and took out a lighter.
Sakura watched, her eyes large as the woman started flicking the thing, again and again, her hand shaking, until a small flame was born. Then she threw the light onto the benchtop, and instantly, it was engulfed with fire. Sakura gasped in fright and shouted, "Fire!"
Margaret opened a draw as the fire spread faster, devouring everything in its sight across the kitchen. The woman took out a dough roller. With the thing in hand, she turned her attention to Sakura.
"Sakura?" She smiled at the little girl. "Remember what I said, yes? Tell everyone that I'm dead in this fire."
Sakura, her body stiffened in shock at the sight of the burning fire surrounding her, nodded.
"Good girl," Margaret said. Then she raised the roller high and sent it down toward Sakura's head.
Little Sakura watched in horror the wooden equipment flew toward her in one forceful blow, smashing against her face and throwing her across. She landed on the floor, her small body in a mangle of a position. She felt numbed all over and all she could see was darkness. Her instinct, however, told her she was in danger, and she tried to open her eyes. Her whole body shook as she reached her hand out for the woman who had just hit her for help. She was crying and she knew she was going to die here in the fire if she didn't get help soon.
Through the hazy of her vision, she watched as Mrs. Byrd opened the door, a heavy bag in her hand. With a smile on her face, she walked out.