
Awakening of the Past

Sebastian hadn't had such wonderful sleep for a while. There hadn't been any noise like in New York at all, just what he'd always wanted. Quiet. Peaceful. And he wondered why he had left home in the first place. When he woke up this morning, it had been to the sound of birds chirping outside his window and then soon after that the voices of girls talking. He was pretty sure it wasn't Alaina or Tara. The maids perhaps?
Now fully awake and refreshed after his shower, he sighed in content. It couldn't get any better than this, sitting here with his brothers in the morning sun in their pretty courtyard with cherry and magnolia trees in full bloom surrounding them.
Woof! Woof!
"Holy smokes!" Conrad said, perching up in his chair. "Is that?"
"Toby," Darcy supplied, more interested than he wanted himself to be.
The dog appeared from the direction of the pond and dashed straight at them. Toby stopped by Tristan and greeted him by jumping around the man's leg with delight. Tristan picked him up and let him sit on his lap as he fed the dog his bacon.
"Man, Toby really likes to hang around here, doesn't he?" Conrad said.
"That's because his owner lives nearby," Hayden put in.
"We should return Toby and the memory stick to her after breakfast," Nicolas suggested.
"I concur," Tristan added, feeding Toby yet another piece of his bacon.
Logan, who was sitting beside Tristan, stroked Toby's head. The dog was obviously enjoying being the center of attention and stuck his tongue out in delight.
Darcy reached out, got himself another perfectly cooked, golden-brown toast and was just about to sit down when he saw her. His heart, to its own accord, did a good somersault at the sight, and naturally the toast decided to do a somersault of its own as well all the way to the marble floor because Darcy's fingers and thumb seemed to have lost their gripping function.
She was in their house, and Darcy couldn't believe his eyes. He felt another hard thump in his chest.
"She's in our house," he whispered in amazement.
The brothers turned their eyes toward the house, and sure enough, the girl they were talking about was there. Not to mention the fact that she looked amazing in that lilac dress and heels, and yes, talking to James-their dad-in a most intimate way.
When they thought it wouldn't get any weirder, James pulled the girl into his arms and kissed her on the cheek.
The brothers stared at the scene before them in shocked surprise, confused, as millions of questions ran through their minds. A moment later, she pulled back and rushed out the opened French door and right into the courtyard.
Sakura nearly fell off her three-inch Jimmy Choo pumps when she came face-to-face with the seven brothers again. This isn't happening, she thought to herself. She couldn't believe it. Just couldn't! She thought she'd get away with it. She thought they would still be in bed until midday, and she therefore wouldn't have to face them. At least not this soon.
Well, at least she was decently dressed this morning and in a better position.
"Toby," she said.
"Woof!" the dog replied.
"You found him." James suddenly appeared behind her, one hand holding his coffee cup and one arm wrapped around her shoulder, which of course caused the brothers to stare at him in confusion.