
Toby started barking aggressively at Tara again. Sakura stroked his head, telling him to calm down. The dog obeyed her and stopped barking. She turned her attention to Tara and said, "I think binge drinking and sleeping late causes your headache, Tara, not my sweet Toby barking at you." She walked past Tara toward the stairs and then decided to add, "By the way, you really should lay off those cigarettes and alcohol because they really do give you wrinkles. Not good for a supermodel, don't you think?" With that, she headed up the stairs without a backward glance.
Toby took the opportunity to growl at Tara once again, telling her to piss off. Sakura couldn't help but smile at her little dog's aggressive behavior. Toby really did protect his master all right, as any good dog should.
The brothers were speechless. Sakura had grown-both outside and in-and now nothing could faze her. Conrad couldn't help but laugh.
"What the hell are you laughing about?" Tara asked him angrily.
"I think you should stay away from Toby, Tara," Conrad said. "He doesn't like you very much. You might get bitten." With that, he headed into the drawing room.
Tara glared at him as he left, her chest heaving with anger. Then she turned to the other six brothers.
Darcy was able to relax and released his tight fists once he noted Sakura had disappeared from sight up the stairs and was saved from Tara's further onslaught of bullying.
"Did you see her? The way she behaved?" Tara asked the brothers.
Darcy ignored her outrageous question and headed past her up the stairs. He wasn't in the mood to interact with a bitch who was half-drunk and harassing her own adopted sister.
Nicolas frowned at her. "This is a family reunion, Tara. I don't expect such behavior from you, and I'm sure Dad expects the same. You are still a Princeton, after all, and should behave accordingly."
Tara bit her lip, her hands fisted tight on her hips. Princeton, my ass, she thought sourly. She never considered herself a Princeton. She was only using the name to secure a high life.
"Don't do it again," he warned coldly, nudging his glasses up the bridge of his nose.
Tara didn't reply as she stood there, fuming.
Nicolas dismissed her by saying, "I need a shower," and headed up the stairs.
Tristan, Logan, and Hayden all headed into the drawing room. None bothered to pay her any attention. Finally, Tara turned to Sebastian, who looked as though he was ready to murder her. His face was dark, his eyes narrowed, and his stance was tense.
Tara, however, didn't see it that way. She thought Sebastian was pissed with Sakura's behavior. She softened her face and asked, "How did you come back with her? I didn't even know she lives here. James and Brenda never told me."
Though she had been adopted by the Princetons, Tara had never gotten used to calling James and Brenda Mom and Dad. She hated calling them by those endearments and had refused to submit to their gentle urging. She didn't care, had never cared, even if it hurt their feelings. For her, Melissa Byrd was her only mom, the woman who had loved her and had sacrificed so much for her to get her this far. Her dad, on the other hand, was someone who had never really existed in her life, and she pretty much didn't care if he was dead or alive.
"We were at Lauren's birthday party," Sebastian said, walking past her, ignoring her. Then, before he disappeared down the corridor, he turned and added, "By the way, you should shower. You stink of alcohol."