
Hayden Princeton, Prince of Rebel

The brothers had decided that Sakura was in great danger where Richard Collins was concerned after all. The man was a flirt-even worse than Tristan-and they knew he had his sights set on Sakura the moment he laid eyes on her. He looked like he'd just seen an angel descending from heaven.
Yes, the brothers decided they no longer liked Richard very much. Not that they had ever liked him very much before anyway. They'd always considered him a bit of an oddball and rather fishy. Of course, after they'd seen how he hugged Sakura for a bit too long and how he had his arms around her as if she belonged to him, and of all things gave her a peck on her left cheek? That was the final straw. Their expressions were fouler than the northern storm that was raiding the Scottish sea as they watched Richard taking advantage of their Sakura. Sebastian was all but ready to pull the man away from the helpless girl and throw him into the ocean. Darcy was thinking of giving him a good knock to the face.
"How are you, my dear Sakura?" Richard said, his voice rather too charming for the brothers' liking. Darcy narrowed his eyes dangerously at Richard. Conrad gritted his teeth in annoyance.
"Richard, you haven't changed a bit," Sakura said, all but being squeezed in Richard's arms. She chuckled uncomfortably and blushed intensely. She surely hoped the brothers weren't watching them. One glance in their direction, however, told her a different story. They looked as though they were ready for war.
"And you have changed a lot since I last saw you," Richard remarked. "What? Since you were sixteen? Look at you now, all grown up." He said the last sentence so softly and so sensually, as though he were caressing every single word with his tongue.
The brothers noticed this, and it bothered the hell out of them-especially Tristan, who scowled darkly. He decided that Richard had improved his flirting technique, and he didn't like that, especially when used on Sakura.
Sakura cocked her head to one side in thought. "Yes. It's been a rather a long time, hasn't it?"
Nicolas decided the hug was long enough and interrupted them. "Richard, long time no see," he said. He extended his hand so Richard had no choice but to move away from Sakura to do the manly, friendly handshake.
"Nicolas," Richard responded. "Man, it's been a long time." Then he turned to wave at the other six brothers who all gave him a cold greeting. He turned back to Sakura. He was about to give her another peck on the cheek when Sebastian saved her by pulling her to his side.
"Come on, let's get going," he said, leading her away.
Sakura was pleased she was saved from the embarrassment of getting another peck on the cheek she didn't want. She looked up to Sebastian and gave him an appreciative smile.
Sebastian decided to return her smile with a cold scowl and said none too gently, "Stay away from him."
She returned his scowl and muttered, "Why are you telling me what to do?"
"Because I'm your brother," he replied with a no-nonsense tone of voice.
Annoyed at how he was treating her, she shrugged her arms free from his tight grasp to tell him she wasn't pleased with his behavior. Then she stomped past the brothers and headed straight to Mary, who was busy hugging and kissing her fiancé, Peter, as if she hadn't seen him for centuries.
"What did you say to her?" Tristan asked, interested.
"She's totally pissed," Hayden added with amusement.
"I told her to stay away from Richard," Sebastian replied. "Did I do something wrong?"