
Deep down she was very glad all the brothers were still single because it made her feel special, like all those times when they'd been children when she was the center of their worlds. Now she wanted that again. She wanted all seven of them around her. But most of all, she wanted Sebastian Princeton. She wanted him to love her as a woman. She wanted him in her bed, making love to her and calling her sweetheart. But then again, she also wanted Darcy-despite he was a year younger than her and didn't seem to have any interest in her whatsoever, which of course made the chasing even more exciting. Oh God! The choices. They were so hard to make, and she felt just like a kid in the candy shop.
Tara grinned and lay back, feeling the warm sun on her skin. She had this whole spring to work on it. Sooner or later Sebastian Princeton-or Darcy Princeton, for that matter-would be hers.
"I can see South Hampton from here," Darcy said from the high-diving platform, drawing everyone's attention to the one and only town on St. Joseph Island that suddenly appeared in the distance.
It was a picturesque island with Mount St. Joseph standing grandly in the middle, the lush, green woods surrounding it and the historic, Victorian town securely nestled against its bosom to the west side.
This was their hometown, had been the Princeton's hometown since 1750 when the first generation had arrived from England and made this island theirs.
Darcy felt his heart do a somersault, and an odd pain spread out across his chest. It wasn't physical pain, but a type of emotional pain he was sure he'd had before that was now buried deep within his heart, forgotten. Now it was there again, and he didn't have a clue why. He fisted his hands, feeling frustration building up within him as he watched the island getting bigger and bigger as the yacht sailed closer and closer.
Sebastian strode to the side of the deck and gazed out at the island in the distance. Suddenly, he felt an odd thump in his chest, as if there were something on the island that made him pause, and he wondered why.
Not long after, the luxury yacht, the Lady Elizabeth, came into the harbor of St. Joseph Island, and soon they were ready to drive home to Princeton Mansion, which was located on the other side of the island, about twenty-five minutes' drive from town.
The brothers decided to split up into the two out of the three Mercedes-Benz they'd brought along in the yacht. Tara and Alaina, on the other hand, decided they'd stay in town and do some shopping before driving home.
Once they were out of the busy, tourist-infested town, they pretty much had the road to themselves, and Tristan being Tristan went over the speed limit and, just to annoy Sebastian, dangerously overtook his brother.
"He's being bloody childish," Sebastian said under his breath.
"He wants to annoy you-again," Nicolas commented matter-of-factly, his attention on his tablet.
"Tell me when we get home." Conrad informed them before closing his eyes and making himself comfortable on the back seat, resting his head on Darcy's shoulder.
Darcy grunted and shoved him back. "Oi, find another pillow."
Conrad pulled a face, made himself comfortable on the other side, and closed his eyes again.
Sebastian frowned when both Tristan and Logan waved at him, urging him to try to overtake them if he could.