
Sebastian frowned and flashed his mind back to yesterday, trying to pinpoint anything that could have caused that sudden change in Sakura's personality. There had been the appointment with Dave. But she had been fine then and after that at the drug store. She had been fine there too. No, that was right. They were about to have lunch here in the Italian restaurant downstairs. Then Sakura had said she had needed to use to restroom. It was when she came back out that she had changed so suddenly. What had she seen? Who had seen met?
A woman. That was right. She had bumped into a woman, hadn't she? What had that woman looked like?
Sebastian cocked his head to one side and murmured, "Pale blond hair. Wearing a dark blue suit."
"What are you on about, Seb?" Tristan asked his brother.
Sebastian lifted his head, his finger rubbing his lips, thinking.
"Sebastian," Darcy said. "You saw something."
Sebastian nodded.
"What was it?" Nicolas asked.
"Sakura bumped into a woman yesterday. After that, she just reacts and looked scared, like she saw a ghost."
"Sakura!" Darcy said, his voice loud and horsed, echoing with tremor. He rushed off his seat and came to her in a second flat.
Sebastian turned and felt his gut retching with dread. Shit! She looked like a dead person walking. He quickly got of his seat and came to her after Darcy.
Darcy stood close, cupping her face, calling her name. "Sakura, look at me. It's me, Darcy."
Sakura just stared at him, unseen, her eyes dark and unfocused.
"Sakura, sweet heart, Sakura," Sebastian called.
"She's not responding," Darcy said, feeling sick.
The rest of the brothers came rushing to them, calling her name, begging her to respond.
Sakura shook her head and started crying out, moving back away from them.
"No. Please. Don't hurt me. I'm sorry. Please. Let met go. Don't hurt me," she begged, crying and shaking her head.
Darcy pulled her into his arms as she fought him with her all her might, screaming and kicking, begging to be let go.
James and Brenda rushed in over the noise, their faces dark with dread when they saw their adopted daughter.
"Shit!" Tristan muttered. "Is she going to be all right?"
"Sakura, look at me sweet heart. Look at me!" Darcy commanded. "It's me, your Darce. It's me, Snow, Darce."
Sakura continued to shake her head and begged to be let go. Darcy wouldn't give up, however, and hugged her tight. They knew she was having one of her nightmare attack.
"Sh... It's all right. I'm here with you. Remember how I said I'll protect you from your nightmare?"
Suddenly, Sakura stopped struggling and calmed down, her body going limp in his arms.
"That's right. I made a promised and I don't break it. I'm here, Snow. I'm here." He stroke her face and hair as she stared up at him, her eyes teary.
She reached her hand out and touched his face. "You promised," she whispered.
Darcy nodded. "I promised to be your protector."
She smiled. "Darce, my Darce." Then she closed her eyes and collapsed in his arms.