
Sakura wiped her tears and nodded her head.
"I'll inform Lady Haruka that you'll be staying here with us for a few days."
"Thanks," Sakura said. She came over and kissed James on the cheek before heading out the door, with Brenda following behind her.
In the spare bedroom, Brenda switched on the bedside lamp and then turned down the duvet, getting it ready for her adopted daughter. Sakura hugged the woman, thanking her for her love and help.
Brenda patted her shoulder. "Sleep and we'll figure this out together."
Sakura nodded. Once Brenda left her alone, Sakura pulled down her jeans and took of her jumper and bras. In just her panties and tank top, she climbed into bed and closed her eyes. Not a moment later, her exhaustion overtook her and she fell asleep.
In the living area, James was still there on the sofa with Toby on his lap when he looked up at his wife.
"James," Brenda said. "I believe Sakura, and I'm scared for her. What if Mrs. Byrd does do something horrible? I mean that night. James, Sakura was only a child."
James placed his hand on top of his wife, to comfort her. "I'll be safe here with us."
"What are we going to do?"
"We need to find out about Mrs. Byrd," James said.
"I doubt she still uses that name," Brenda said logically. "From what Sakura have told us, it sounds like she wants to disappear."
"Yes, she'd be adopting another name after that night."
"What about Tara," Brenda queried. "Do you think she knows about her mother?"
"I don't know, love," James replied honestly.
Brenda frowned. "I'm scared, James. If Tara does know about her mother, I don't want Alaina anywhere near those two."
"Then we'll have to work on bring her back," James said.
Brenda nodded. "How are we going to do this?"
"I'm sorry, love, but you're the only one Alaina would keep in touch with."
Again Brenda nodded. "And what about Mrs. Byrd?"
"I know some people who could help me," he said, smiling at her. "Now go to bed, and I'll deal with this."
Brenda nodded and got up. She kissed her husband on the lips before heading out the door.
Alone, James picked up his cell phone and dialed a number. As he stroked Toby, a voice came through. "Hello?"
James smiled. "Erick, it's me."
"Ah, Mr. Princeton. What can I do for you, sir?"
"Do you remember that case about the orphanage being burnt down eighteen years ago on St. Joseph Island?"
"The one you asked me to investigate all those years ago and nothing came up?"
"Yes, that one. I have a witness who has seen the woman named Mrs. Margaret Byrd."
"What? But that's impossible, sir. There's a record of her death certificate. She died in that fire."
"Well, this important witness says otherwise. She was one of the girls in the orphanage. She lived with Mrs. Byrd for seven years. She won't forget a person she knows. As won't you."
"Hum, I'll look into it, sir. And thing else?"