
It was six in the morning as usual when Darcy met Sebastian at the corridor, ready to go for their swim.
"Morning," Darcy greeted his brother.
"Morning," Sebastian replied, a big, fat grin on his face.
Darcy noticed and knew the private moment last night with Sakura must have put Sebastian in a very good mood. He wondered what they had been talking about. It was a little hard not to think about the possibility of them kissing. Darcy tried not to get too worked up about it, but hell, it was impossible.
They came into the pool area together, and the moment they walked in through the door, they heard water splashing. Curious to know who had arrived before them, which was unusual, they hurried nearer the pool area. On the edge, both men watched in awe as that exquisite slim body glided like a mermaid under water. The female was a breathtaking sight to behold, and when she came up on the other side, both sucked in their breaths.
She was wearing a navy blue bikini, just like the one they had spotted a few weeks back. When she climbed the steps onto the floor, her body was dripping wet with water, and to be sure, the intoxicating sight of her was turning the brothers on. Of course they didn't realize that they were staring, nor that they were holding their breath, waiting for her to turn to face them. When she finally did, they swallowed hard.
"Sakura," Darcy said her name softly under his breath, realizing he hadn't been hallucinating after all that early morning a few weeks ago when he had seen her walking down the hall in that particular bikini. God, if only he had been faster and surer of himself, then he would have caught her and... Well, it was too late for that now.
Sebastian felt like someone had punched him in the stomach-hard. That morning when he had come in to find a young woman swimming, it had been Sakura all along, and he bloody as hell couldn't believe it. She had been here with him, and if only he... Well, that was too late now.
When Sakura turned, she was surprised to see the two brothers there, watching her. "You two were so quiet, I didn't even hear you." She came around the pool to stand in front of them. "You guys always swim so early in the morning?"
At the brothers' nod, Sakura suddenly paled as she realized it had been Sebastian after all that first day she had been here. But she kept quiet, since she thought that he mightn't remember that incident at all.
"Sakura," Darcy said. "You swim."
She chuckled. "I taught myself after that... after what happened last year. It was really hard. I was so afraid of the water for so long, but I told myself that I had to do it. I just can't be afraid of it and let it beat me."
Sebastian took a hold of her hand and said, "You are a natural in the water."
"Thanks," she replied, smiling. "You guys still race?"
At Sebastian's nod, she said, "I want to see you race." She turned to Darcy and gave him an imploring smile. "Please?"
Darcy nodded his head without hesitation. After all, he wanted to show her that he was as good a swimmer as Sebastian was. "Anything for you."
Sakura clapped her hands together in excitement, and Darcy was just heading over to the edge of the pool when Sebastian said, "Wait a minute. What's the prize?"
"I beg your pardon?" Sakura asked, blinking.
"What's the prize for the winner?" Sebastian asked again. "It just doesn't seem fair for you to watch us race, and the winner doesn't get a prize."
Darcy agreed. "True." He turned to Sakura and cocked his head to one side. "Come on, Sakura. You've got to give us something."