
All Hayden could do was look at his older brother, stunned.
Sebastian put on the helmet and got on the bike. Sakura was so shocked that her mouth hung open in disbelief.
"Well?" he asked. "Or have you changed your mind already?"
Sakura couldn't answer. Sebastian decided for her by nudging her to him and made her sit behind him.
"See you at home," he said to Hayden. Then he started the engine and drove off so fast Sakura had to quickly wrap her arm around his waist so she wouldn't fall. Once she got her composure, she glanced behind to see Hayden getting into the car and Darcy staring after them, his face a hard mask.
Honestly, she thought this man in front of her was being very unpredictable. She really had to give him a bit of her mind once they were home. But it wasn't home that they were heading to. Sebastian deliberately missed the turn and headed straight toward the beach on the other side of the island.
Sakura tugged at his jacket to get his attention, to tell him he'd missed the turn. He answered her by ignoring her, and soon they came to a nice clearing near the beach where he finally decided to stop.
Sakura couldn't help herself. She hastily got off the bike, pulled off the helmet, and confronted him.
"I can't believe you did that, Sebastian. I just can't. Oh my gosh! Who do you think you are? You deliberately missed the turn, didn't you? And you deliberately waited out in the middle of the road too. I can't believe this. And what is it all for? Is it because of last night? Is it? Is it because we agreed to start anew? Is that why you're doing this? I can't believe it. You never, ever noticed me before and now all this? This..."
Sebastian wasn't paying any attention to her tantrum. He was too busy admiring her sensual lips. He wasn't sure why she was overreacting, though. After all, he'd only wanted to protect her from Richard-and Hayden, of course.
She finally stopped ranting when she realized he wasn't paying attention. "You aren't even listening to me," she muttered under her breath.
He chuckled. "Why are you so riled up?"
Sakura sucked in her breath. Oh, God! Oh, God! He was smiling at her. And when Sebastian smiled, her heart started to do a disco dance. She realized then just how handsome he was when he smiled. He was so charming, especially with his pale blond hair that was a bit too long and his azure-blue eyes that were twinkling. Not to mention the dimple on his left cheek.
Suddenly he pulled her to him, his arms wrapped around her waist. "Sorry," he said, almost too gently for her liking.
She knew he didn't mean it because he was still smiling. What the heck is wrong with him?
"Did I annoy you?" he asked softly.
"You annoyed the heck out of me, Sebastian. I might have to tell Daddy James what you've done to me," she said, nodding her head. "Like I always did when we were children."
He chuckled. "The likes of you telling Dad?" he asked. "Not a chance. You'd rather suffer in pain than tell anyone about it."
Sakura frowned in confusion at him. "What do you mean? I told on you a lot when we were little."
He looked at her for a long while. "I may have been a child back then, Sakura," he said seriously, "but I wasn't stupid, and neither were my brothers."