
She glanced away and looked at all of them instead. They were an awesome sight, she thought. They looked like they were advertising for Levi's or something, with their long legs and tall frames. Oh my God! If she had her camera, she'd take photos of them and post them up for sale. Lots of commercial companies would buy them for their advertisements.
"Going out to lunch after this, are we?" Tristan said. "Good, I'm almost starving."
Conrad widened his eyes in surprise. "What?" he shouted. "No!"
"Actually, I'm slightly hungry already," Logan put in.
"Me too," Hayden said.
"We only just had breakfast," Darcy interjected.
"I'm still growing," Tristan replied easily.
"At twenty-six?" Nicolas asked teasingly.
"It's decided then," Sebastian put in matter-of-factly. "We're all going to lunch after this."
"What?" Conrad growled. "No!"
Mary laughed and shook her head. "You guys are hilarious!" she said through tears. "It's so much fun with you guys."
"What's so hilarious?" Darcy frowned at Mary. "These guys are a bore."
Sakura sighed, wondering why they were fighting about lunch and who was going or not. Surely they were all going, right?
Finally they reached The Dessert Room, and Sakura was very glad indeed that they didn't have to argue about lunch anymore. However, she wasn't so glad two hours later when the brothers all stood before her and practically begged her to taste their choices of cakes-not that they were much different since they were mostly chocolate.
"I thought this was supposed to be Mary's choice, not mine or yours," she said.
"But we're helping her," Conrad said. "Isn't that right, Mary?"
Mary nodded. "My choice is chocolate."
"Me too," Tristan said. "Speaking of which..." He moved and stood so close to Sakura that he could be kissing her. "Chocolate is similar to the color of your eyes. Deep, dark, and dangerously delicious."
Sebastian wasn't pleased with his brother's use of alliteration to describe chocolate and Sakura's brown eyes. For sure, the man was flirting with her. He grabbed Tristan's arm and yanked him away from Sakura, who blushed intensely.
"Stop flirting around," he muttered.
"All right, all right," Mary said finally. "Look, we're here for almost two hours now. Surely we've reached some type of conclusion. I want chocolate." She turned to Nicolas and asked him. "You?"
"Chocolate," Nicolas said.
Mary turned to Darcy, who said, "Chocolate."
Next was Hayden. "Definitely chocolate."
Logan said, "Of course chocolate. What else?"
"Chocolate, the color of Sakura's eyes," Tristan said, winking at her.
Sebastian said, "Chocolate." He eyed Sakura, who at that moment decided to lick the last of the white, fluffy cream by popping her finger into her mouth and sucking. All the brothers were watching her, their eyes fixed on her sensuous lips and the slender finger that slowly moved out of her mouth.