
She gasped and felt herself falling backward. Suddenly a pair of strong, powerful arms wrapped themselves around the small of her waist to prevent her from falling. She hastily responded by wrapping her arms around the person's neck. This was followed by their bodies twisting around together as if they were dancing, and then she felt herself falling backward again in another direction... and then thud.
The pain was most unbearable this time, as the heavy body was on top of her. She tried to breathe, but it was difficult, as she felt as though she were being squeezed like a pancake. She had to admit, however, that even though the huge body on top of her was hard and heavy, the feeling wasn't at all unpleasant and was rather warm.
She opened her eyes to see mauve-gray eyes watching her. She caught her breath at the back of her throat as Darcy whispered, "You walked into me."
She blushed and said, "You're squishing me."
Darcy didn't move, just stayed on top of her and gazed down at her. His heart was beating so fast that his chest was aching-aching with familiar angst and familiar delight because she was in his arms. She smelled beautiful too, of lavender, and it caused his senses to float with wonder.
She was warm and soft under him, begging him to do more than just lie still on top of her. He wanted to kiss her, like he'd always wanted to kiss her and take her into his arms when they were children, even after he'd started to believe the lies Alaina and Tara told him about her. Even after that awful incident at the tree house when he thought Sakura had wanted to kill Alaina and he hated her so much and treated her so badly, he had still wanted her. He hated himself for that. Hated himself for falling in love with the girl who'd wanted to kill his twin sister.
"Why aren't you getting up?" she asked. "I'm going to be a pancake soon if you don't move."
He couldn't help himself and smiled at her. Yes, it was both painful and pleasurable to be with her. The feelings that had tormented him a long time ago were now returning with a vengeance.
Darcy's smile was so beautiful that Sakura's heart skipped three times and then began to race hard. She blinked and licked her lips, wondering why he was smiling at her. She knew he still had a grudge against her since that awful incident years ago at the tree house. That was why he'd never talked to her again and had treated her so coldly. She'd never blamed him for that, of course, knowing very well that he was just being very protective of his sister.
"Your arms," he said logically, not at all displeased that her soft arms were wrapping around him like a lover's.
Sakura widened her eyes in shock when she realized she was hugging him tight. She hastily removed her arms and looked away, her cheeks even redder now.
Darcy didn't want to move. In fact, he liked being in that position on top of her. He could feel her soft body beneath his, and it was making his being respond with desire. Her face, fresh and beautiful, was only inches from his, and he knew he could kiss her if wanted to. But he knew he couldn't. Wouldn't. Because it was wrong. Very wrong.
Slowly-reluctantly-he moved back.
Sakura breathed in relief, and before she could bring herself to stand up properly, she felt Darcy's arm around the small of her waist, pulling her to him. Their bodies were so close to each other that they might fuse as they stood up together.
Standing there with Sakura in his arms, Darcy was hurting himself. He knew he was leading himself down a dangerous path that he shouldn't take, but it was just too damn tempting. He wanted to kiss her. No! He not only wanted to kiss her, but he wanted her to forgive him for doubting her innocence. He wanted her to forgive him of his horrible treatment toward her when they'd been children. He wanted her and her forgiveness so bad that it hurt inside.