
Brenda smiled and nodded. "Oh. Of course."
"What are you two on about?" Sakura couldn't help but ask after she'd noted they looked as though they were conspiring about something.
"Nothing," Brenda said.
"Ah, Sakura, Mr. Princeton is looking for you," Beth said. "Have you had your breakfast yet?"
"Nope. Thought I'd eat here first before heading out," she said and poured herself a cup of tea.
"I'm going to phone Peter," Mary announced.
Sakura waved to her friend to leave. She knew Mary was missing her fiancé already. It must be nice to be in love, she thought with a smile. She grabbed a scone and began to munch. But maybe not as nice as this delicious scone.
"I'm hoping to see at least one of my grandchildren getting married soon, you know," Molly said as she came into the kitchen. Sakura nearly choked on her pastry.
"Molly," Sakura said. "Good morning. When did you get here?"
"We stayed the night, naturally," Molly replied. "Since Dale really wanted that coffee." She was teasing of course. They had finished very late last night, James and Dale, talking about investments. Hence the elderly couple decided to stay the night rather than drive back into town. She came to hug Sakura and looked at her properly. "My, you do look fine this morning. Are you sure you were unwell last night?"
Sakura laughed uncomfortably. "Dale wants coffee, does he?" she asked. "I'll make him one."
"Make that two," Molly replied. "One for me."
"Okay," Sakura said, heading toward the other side of the kitchen where her fancy coffee machine was already warmed up for the day.
"Make that four," Brenda said. "One for me and one for James."
Sakura chuckled and began grinding the coffee beans. A few minutes later, four cups of delicious coffee were ready for enjoyment.
Molly couldn't help but quickly take a sip of hers, and she sighed in pleasure.
"So...," Sakura began. "Tell me which of your grandchildren should get married first."
"Someone standing right next to me," Molly said.
Sakura pulled a face. "Not likely," she muttered under her breath.
"A little bird told me you and Mark are going somewhere."
"Mark and I are going nowhere. If we are going somewhere, I will of course inform both you and Brenda first. How about that?"
"Hurray for that," Molly said. "At least that means you're a step ahead of my other grandchildren."
Molly and Brenda took their cups and headed out of the kitchen. Sakura couldn't believe they couldn't get enough of her coffee. But then again, she had been trained as a barista professionally and had worked in cafés during her university years, gaining a lot of experience to qualify as almost an expert in the field.
Sakura continued to enjoy her light breakfast as she contemplated what Molly meant when she said Sakura was a step ahead. A step ahead in what?
It wasn't long before Beth stormed into the kitchen again, shooing her out and telling her to get Toby away from the pond before he had the chance to drown himself. Sakura quickly put down her cup of tea and rushed out the door.