
Protection

Sakura was humiliated and blushed a becoming pink. She stole a peek at Sebastian to see if he was pissed because he had to carry her or if he was repulsed by her state of disarray and wetness, which she thought would really bother him because she was messing up his clothing.
Sebastian glanced at her and gave her a sympathetic smile.
Sakura didn't like that. She didn't like it one bit because she knew he felt sorry for her. Instantly, she was pissed with the whole situation. No, she didn't want Sebastian-or any of the brothers for that matter-to feel sorry for her. She wasn't weak. She was a strong woman. Well, at least she thought so. She wasn't a child who needed strong men to support her. Nor did she need a strong man to carry her.
She cleared her throat and said softly, "You can put me down, Sebastian. I can walk."
He ignored her and headed straight up to the second floor.
"Sebastian?" She tried again, thinking he didn't hear her the first time. "I can walk. You can put me down now."
He continued to ignore her.
"Sebastian!" she said again, tugging at the collar of his shirt to get his attention.
Sebastian finally turned his attention to her.
"Put me down," she begged.
"No," he replied simply.
Sakura blinked. "Why not?"
"Because you're still in shock, and your dress is too big and long," he said.
Sakura blinked again. "I beg your pardon?"
My dress is too big and long? What did that have to do with anything?
"You'll trip."
She frowned. Of course she wouldn't trip. She wasn't a toddler who had just begun to learn how to walk, for God's sake.
"I can carry you if you don't want Sebastian to," Conrad offered happily.
"She's fine," Sebastian said, heading straight to Sakura's bedroom door.
Conrad rushed up first to open the door for them. Just after Sebastian walked in and gently put her down, Toby dashed up and barked happily.
Sakura pulled the oversized dress around to properly cover herself. "Thanks for bringing me back," she said, her eyes on the carpet where her soaked dress dampened it.
"Go get changed," Sebastian said. "You'll catch a cold if you don't get that dress off."
The moment he said dress, she looked down at herself, the bridesmaid's gown clinging to her. She was a sorry sight all right.
"I'll find you something to change into," Conrad offered, marching up to her wardrobe.
"No!" she shouted. "It's okay. I'll do it myself." But it was too late already. Conrad had the wardrobe door wide open and was searching through it.
"Well, go on," Sebastian said, nudging her toward the bathroom. When she didn't move, he wrapped his hand about her arm and led her into the bathroom himself. Once there, he turned on the shower.
"What are you doing?" she asked, confused.
"Helping you," he said. He gently twisted her around so her back was to him. Then, without warning, he unzipped her dress all the way down her back.
Sakura wasn't prepared for that. In fact, she wasn't prepared for the big dress to fall from her person either. She screamed in fright, then caught it in the nick of time, at her waist.