
"I hope she's all right," Conrad said.
Sebastian glanced at Toby, who was having a nice, relaxing time on Conrad's lap.
"Me, too," he replied.
Darcy, now dressed in a pair of dry jeans and T-shirt, burst through the door. "Where is she?" he asked.
Sebastian nodded to the bathroom.
"Is she all right?" Darcy couldn't help himself.
The brothers didn't answer. Truth be told, they didn't know.
Darcy came to sit on the other side of Conrad, folding his arms across his chest. The three waited in silence, dreading to find out if their victim would be all right after the attempted murder. A few minutes later, Sakura opened the door, and they all hastily stood.
Sakura was so shocked to see three men in her bedroom waiting for her that she couldn't do anything but stare, momentarily forgetting why she was in such a rush to get out of the bathroom with her wet hair in a wild mess and her skin not yet dried properly.
Yes, once she had gotten hold of herself from the fear of her drowning, showered thoroughly, and gotten out, she realized Conrad hadn't given her any underwear. And why would he? He hadn't a clue as to where they were and probably didn't think she needed any too. And here she was, standing there with only the dress on, her skin still wet and her hair still wild, looking at the three uninvited men in her room.
Sebastian had a good, thorough look at his very pretty adopted sister. That white dress was rather fetching on her, showing off her very slender figure. The top bit, however, was designed in such a way as to hug the breasts. The neckline was rather low and showing porcelain-white skin that begged for a caress. Not to mention there were buttons in the front starting from about her diaphragm to the top. Gosh!Did she not think to button up properly? He could bloody see her skin beneath. And yes, that damn cotton material was rather thin, and since her soft, smooth skin was still bloody wet from the shower, it was showing the shape of her breasts and nipples very clearly.
Yes, she was enchanting. She would tease any man's senses. Oh, bloody hell! She was practically begging for a man to ravish her.
Sebastian felt his whole body shuddering in pleasure. Shit! He had to get control of himself. He moved closer to her, blocking his brothers from taking in her enticing sight. Sakura glanced up at him, wondering what his problem was since he was now scowling at her again. She wasn't in the mood for his nastiness and took a step to one side.
He blocked her by taking a step as well.
"What are you doing?" she asked tiredly.
He noted her weary expression and the weakness in her voice. Damn! Why was he being so unreasonable? She had just had a near-death experience, and here he was, scowling at her because she was wearing what Conrad had found for her. He didn't even have the sense to give her underwear. And apparently, neither did he.
He softened his face and gave her a smile instead. "Go back in," he said, gently nudging her around and back into the bathroom. "I'll find underwear for you."
Sakura twisted around so fast her head spun. "No!" she said. "I mean, I'll do it myself. Why don't you guys go down? I'll be there soon."
Darcy wasn't having any of it. He folded his arms across his chest and told her with his stern face that he wasn't going anywhere.