
Sakura sat there on Sebastian's rock-hard belly, saddling him like a horse as Toby continued to hyperactively bark in her arms. God, she could feel the firmness of his six-pack abs beneath her woman's place, and suddenly her insides were heating up and turning into mush. Her whole body was quivering with reactions.
Sebastian too could feel the heat that was radiating from her body to his and hastily moved up slightly so as to ease her from him. It was, after all, getting rather too comfortable for his liking, and he knew he was stepping on dangerous ground. He certainly didn't want to be turned on by his adopted sister-and in the presence of his brothers too.
His action, however, backfired. The movement caused Sakura's little bottom to slide down his tummy and land right on his crotch.
"Shit!" Sebastian swore under his breath, almost breathless at the contact.
"Ah!" Conrad pulled at his hair as if he were going crazy at seeing them in such an uncalled-for position. "Toby! What the hell are you doing! Sebastian! Get off Sakura right now!"
Sebastian could only close his eyes and rub his fingers and thumb against his forehead as he tried very hard to control himself from the massive buildup of desire coursing through his body.
"Shut up, Conrad. You're giving me a headache with your shouting," he snapped lowly.
Shit! Shit! Shit! If she were to move herself up and down him, or even worse, wiggle her cute bottom while she was on top of him, he was sure he wouldn't be able to control himself any longer, and his pride and joy would surely make its appearance.
Nicolas laughed. He couldn't help himself. Then to help, he scooped Sakura into his strong arms and gently lifted her up and away from Sebastian.
Once Sakura landed on her feet on the soft carpet, she finally managed to calm Toby down. She gave Nicolas an appreciative smile before noting the dark scowl Sebastian wore on his face. She knew he was upset she'd landed on him. She also knew he really disliked her, and this encounter must have really pissed him off.
"Sorry," she said. "I didn't mean to fall on you. It was an accident."
Sebastian watched her standing there above him, his heart pumping irrationally. He really wanted to pull her back down and perhaps even roll her over so she'd be beneath him. Then he'd kiss her hard on her luscious lips and take that cute T-shirt off her so he could witness her beautiful naked body. Then he'd kiss those amazing breasts of hers and then-
Then she rushed away and out the door, leaving Sebastian lying there, wanting and craving what he was forbidden to have.
"Oh, God!" Sakura whispered under her breath the moment she'd gotten out of the library. She closed her eyes and leaned her head back against the door, wondering in mortification if her adopted brothers thought she was some sort of stupid ninny.
What was wrong with her? Why didn't she get up the moment she'd landed on top of Sebastian? And furthermore, she'd even sat on top of him. On top of him!On top of his firm, six-pack that she could so feel beneath her.
Just thinking about it now made her blush with embarrassment, and she hugged Toby tighter against her chest.
"What's the matter, sweet Sakura?"
Sakura flashed her eyes open to see Tristan smiling at her-that flirty smile of his that any girl found most irresistible. His face was also only inches from hers. She could feel his warm breath on her skin.
She licked her dry lips and stammered, "No... nothing. I... I was just looking for Toby."