
Alexia's Note: Hi, Everyone. Sorry for the delay. Just so you know, I can't update until after work on Wednesday because it's a work day. So I do it in the evening. I would also like to thank everyone for wishing me a happy birthday. You guys are so so so soooooo awesome. Your comments and birthday wishes makes me smile. Trust me, I read all the comments on here.
Now on with Falling For Sakura: A Secret Proposal.
* * * * *
When Sakura woke up three hours later, she heard Toby barking excitedly, along with human voices. Feeling better and very curious as to the unusual noise, she got out of bed and headed to the door. With her long hair in a wild tangle of mess, her dress haphazardly on her slim form, and her skin flushed with renewed energy, she came along the corridor and toward the living area.
Her steps flattered at the threshold of the door, and she came to a sudden halt. The sight she beheld before her overwhelmed her with emotions. Her heart gave out a little tug, bursting with an unrecognized sense of warmth and belonging that it threatened to make her cry. Her throat tightened as she willed her tears not to show.
She had thought the brothers had returned to their apartment, but apparently, she had been wrong about that.
Nicolas and Sosuke was sitting in the corner, playing chess of all things. So far, it looked like Nicolas was winning. Tristan and Logan was with Akira. She was showing them her portfolio. The two men looked very interested and kept nodding their heads and doing their oohs and aahs and I like this pose and I like that etc. Darcy and Sebastian was in deep conversation about something, and Sakura was rather curious to know what the topic was that kept them so glued. She hoped it wasn't her. Conrad was lying on the floor flat on his stomach, playing with Toby, tickling and stroking the pup who kept barking and jumping around him. And Hayden was playing a video game of some sort on his smartphone.
Her family. They were her family, and despite that she had willed to keep the tear at bay, it still managed to brew in her eyes.
Darcy glanced up and saw her there at the door. He said softly, "Sakura, you're up?"
Sebastian flicked his gaze to her. "Feeling better?" he asked. He also wanted to add 'sorry it was partially my fault for keeping you up late most nights' but reframed himself from saying that out loud.
Sakura nodded, confirming Sebastian that she was feeling much better. Of course she didn't notice that every one of the men was gazing at her, rather with too much interest and forgotten what they had been doing a moment ago. Nicolas had a bishop in his hand and hadn't a clue why. Sosuke forgot that he was actually playing chess and nudged his glasses up the bridge of his fine nose, his eyes glued on Sakura. Tristan and Logan was more interested in their adopted sister who was posing quite naturally in her dress that didn't sit right on her person. Both Sebastian and Darcy just stared at her, quite enchanted by the presence of the young woman they loved. And Conrad sat up, grinning from ear to ear, Toby in his arms.
Akira cleared her throat to get the men's attention, but it didn't work. She sighed in indignation and then rushed up to Sakura. There, she stood in such a way as to block Sakura from the men's view and whispered, "Your dress isn't done up properly."
Sakura glanced down and found that the two front buttons had come off and that her cleavage and a good portion of her breasts were showing. She blushed and said, "Thanks."
Akira giggled. "You look awful, Sakura-chan. Let me help you get ready for your family reunion."
"Oh?" She raised her brows, wondering if the brothers had already told Akira and her family of her relationship to them.