
Ten-year-old Sakura was watching him, a beautiful smile on her lips. She looked like an angel. He could never get used to her beauty. With her long, dark hair and pale skin, she looked just like Snow White in the fairytale book.
"You're awake?" she asked softly.
Darcy adjusted his head that was resting on her lap so he could lie there more comfortably. Her thighs were soft beneath his head, and he liked that. He liked that a lot. He only wished he could sleep on her lap every night instead of his pillows.
He reached out his small hand and started playing with her long hair, coiling the strands about his fingers. He didn't know why, but he just loved being with her. She made him feel wonderful.
"Did you have a good sleep?" she asked.
"Yes," Darcy replied.
"Did you have a good dream?"
"Nope."
Sakura moved her hand and ruffled his dark hair. Darcy liked that. He liked that a lot.
"I don't have good dreams either," she whispered softly, gazing off into the distance.
Darcy looked up at her, noting her sorrowful expression, which in turn caused his own heart to throb with pain. Of course, he didn't understand why.
"Do you have nightmares?" he asked.
He watched her nod her head.
"Well, if you have another one, I'll come and sleep with you. I'll protect you from your nightmare. I'll be your bodyguard. I'll be your prince, Snow."
She laughed. "You're only a little boy, Darce."
"I don't care. I'll still protect you even if I'm just a little boy," he said firmly, giving her a dashing smile. He moved his hand from her hair to touch her face, his fingers caressing her skin.
"You're such a nice brother, Darce," she said, returning his smile.
Darcy's expression quickly changed to a scowl. He sat up abruptly, which caused Sakura to gasp in surprise. He turned to look at her long and hard, his mauve-gray eyes intense on her face. "I'm not your brother," he muttered darkly.
Sakura was taken aback. "But-"
"I don't want to be your brother-ever!" he said firmly. "I want to be with you forever, but I don't want to be your brother."
"Darce," Sakura whispered, her face pale and sad. "But I thought you liked me."
Darcy panicked. No! No! No! He didn't want to upset her. He just didn't want her to be his sister; that was all. So why was she so upset? Oh no! She was going to cry.
"I do," he protested, trying to soothe her sadness. "I like you a lot."
"Then why?" she asked. "Why, Darce? Why can't I be your sister like Alaina and Tara?"
Darcy watched two fat tears roll down Sakura's cheeks. He didn't understand why himself, but he just knew he wanted to stay with her forever and that he didn't want her as his sister.
"Because I..."
* * *
"Stop it! You're ruining my dress!"
Darcy flashed his eyes open. His heart skipped a beat.