
Darcy Princeton, The Prince of Darkness

Sakura knew she had a fifty-fifty chance of living or dying once she saw the car heading straight at her. Before she had time to react, she felt herself smashing against hard metal and flying back, landing on the road. She had a moment of sheer panic, wondering if she'd live, when Toby ran to her and started barking at her and licking her hand with concern.
Sakura stared up at the sky through her hair covering her face, wondering if she was dead already. Her head was spinning out of control. She closed her eyes, trying to get her bearings back.
The brothers rushed out of the car, their stomachs flipping in dread.
Holy shit! Sebastian wondered if he had just killed someone. He knew, however, that he'd stopped the car just in time. If he hit her at all, it was probably only slightly, which would have caused her to fall back like so.
When he saw the slender body lying there motionless, his stomach flipped again. He rushed toward her.
"Oh shit!" Conrad shrieked in dismay. "You hit a girl."
"I'm calling the ambulance." Nicolas dug into his backpack, searching for his cell phone.
"Are you all right?" Sebastian shouted, his voice hoarse, his heart pounding hard.
Darcy growled. "What do you think? You bloody hit her, for Christ's sake!"
Just then the black car drew up behind them, followed by, "Hey, what's the holdup?" from Tristan.
"Accident!" Conrad shouted back.
"What the hell!" Logan muttered as they all got out of the car.
Sakura stroked her hair back from her face and managed to sit up. Toby jumped into her lap and asked her with his eyes if she was all right.
"I'm fine, Toby," she said, patting his head in reassurance. The dog whimpered at her and licked her hand.
Sebastian sighed in relief when he heard she spoke, not to him but to the dog.
"Are you all right?" he asked again, thinking she hadn't heard him the first time. When she didn't respond, he wrapped his hand around her soft, slender arm to get her attention.
Sakura felt tingles of sensations rushing through her being, and she shivered at the alienated feelings. She held her breath as he continued to ask her questions she didn't want to answer.
"Did I hurt you?"
What the hell do you think? She wanted to shout at him. You nearly killed me with your reckless driving.
"I'm fine," she replied none too gently.
Darcy, who was on the other side, felt the odd, furious thumping of his heart the moment he heard her voice. Calm down, you old beast, he told his heart. Why was his heart beating so hard and fast? Why was the girl's voice so oddly familiar?
Curious, he glanced in their victim's direction, hoping seeing her would put him at ease, hoping it would explain the reason his heart was behaving so abnormally all of a sudden.
He only glimpsed her long hair and the side of her slender form as the majority of her person was blocked by Sebastian's large frame.
Darcy couldn't help himself. His legs moved without his command. He found himself by her side in an instant, opposite Sebastian. He said, "Are you sure you're not hurt? Let me see."
The voice! Oh gosh! The voice! Sakura had the feeling she'd heard that voice before. Only now it was deeper and manlier and caused her stomach to flip and her heart to race.