
"Good with me!" Sebastian shouted back, his eyes dark on Darcy.
Darcy was very aware that Sebastian had something against him and was only glad they weren't going to be in the same team. He ran over to where the other team was. The moment he got there, he said, "Hey," to Sakura and gave her a handsome smile.
"Hi," she replied, giving him a lovely smile in return as if she were very glad indeed to see him.
The brothers noticed and were instantly suspicious.
"Did you see that?" Logan asked Tristan quietly.
Tristan nodded. "They're friendly," he said in awe.
Conrad frowned at Darcy and instinctively moved closer to Sakura, as if to shield her from Darcy.
"I have to work harder," Tristan said to himself.
Logan chuckled at Tristan's statement. "Seems so," he said, then turned to Richard. "That means you're now on Sebastian's team, Richy boy." He slapped Richard's shoulder and nudged him to start heading that way.
"I got it," Richard reluctantly said and ran over to the other side.
Logan turned his attention to Sakura. "Ready?"
"I'm not playing," Sakura said, moving back a step. "Go find someone else. What about Mary?"
Mary laughed from behind. "I'd love to, but my wedding is in five days, my dear friend, and Peter won't tolerate any accidents."
"You're expecting an accident on the court?" Sakura asked.
"From the looks of things," Mary said.
"Sebastian is ready to kill everyone," Tristan said. "Even his team members."
"He'd better not touch Peter," Mary said, "or he'll have me to answer to."
"Oi!" Sebastian called out, frowning darkly from the other side. "Are we playing or not?"
"Yeah!" Tristan shouted back.
Sakura noted that all of the men on the other team-Nicolas, Sebastian, Hayden, Richard, and Peter-were taking off their shirts. Holy shit! She blinked and tried to breathe as normally as she could.
She noted that Tara and Alaina were giggling on the other side of the court. They were obviously enjoying the view.
"All right, let's go," Tristan said, taking off his shirt too.
Sakura wondered what was going on when Darcy and Logan took off their shirts as well.
Conrad said, "Show off!" And he, too, disrobed.
Tristan turned to her. "And you."
Sakura glared at him. "Not me, and I'm not playing."
"Oh, come on." Mary chuckled. "Remember how we used to play back at the farm? You always beat us despite your small frame."
Tristan laughed. "Is that so? Now don't disappoint me, Sakura. Come help me beat the crap out of them."
Sakura mumbled under her breath. "Fine. If we win, you owe me. Both of you."
Mary laughed. "Not me, just Tristan. I'm voting for Sebastian and his team since Peter's there."
Sakura sighed.
"Oi!" Sebastian shouted impatiently.
"Coming," Tristan yelled back and pulled Sakura along with him onto the court.