
"You're such a nice brother, Darce," she said, returning his smile.
Darcy's expression quickly changed to a scowl. He sat up abruptly which caused Sakura to gasp in surprise.  He turned to look at her long and hard, his mauve gray eyes intense on her face. "I'm not your brother," he muttered darkly.
Sakura was taken aback. "But—"
"I don't want to be your brother—ever!" he said firmly. "I want to be with you forever, but I don't want to be your brother."
"Darce," Sakura whispered, her face pale and sad. "But I thought you like me."
Darcy panicked. No! No! No! He didn't want to upset her. He just didn't want her to be his sister, that was all. So why was she so upset? Oh no! She was going to cry.
"I do," he protested, trying to soothe her sadness. "I like you a lot."
"Then why?" she asked. "Why, Darce? Why can't I be your sister like Alaina and Tara?"
Darcy watched two fat tears rolling down Sakura's cheeks. He didn't understand why himself, but he just knew that he wanted to stay with her forever and that he didn't want her as his sister.
"Because I love you. Because I never want to lose you, ever!"

Darcy felt his heart thumping loudly and furiously within his chest. His head was pounding at the reminder of their childhood.
Could this tree in the painting be the same tree on St.   JosephIsland? But how? No! It must be his imagination. No, he reasoned himself. It was just very alike, that was all, and nothing more.
"Ah, there you are," Melissa said from the distance. "It's ready."
Darcy turned to her then. "That painting, how much is it?"
Melissa blinked, momentarily confused. Then she turned her attention to the painting on the floor resting against the wall. The first thought that came into her mind was 'it's finished?'
"How much is it?" he asked again, his eyes intense.
"I'm not sure," Melissa said uncertainly, taken by surprised by his tense tone of voice. "I'll have to ask first."
"Who's the owner?" Darcy demanded.
"Ms. Tanaka," Melissa said. "But she's out."
Darcy gritted his teeth. "I want that painting. How much is it?"
"I don't know, sir," Melissa replied again. "You'll have to wait until Ms. Tanaka return." Then she thought, 'well that was stupid of you, Melissa'. She grinned pleasantly and said instead, "But I'm sure it's not so much different from her other paintings. How about I look up in the computer for you? She usually logs in the price for her painting in the computer."
"Please, do that," Darcy said.
Once Melissa quickly rushed to the back of the gallery, he turned his attention back to the painting. He went down on his knee and inspect closer. He noted that the paint was still slightly wet.
"Sakura," he said softly.
A moment later, Melissa came back out. "Thank god," she said, laughing uneasily. "I've found the price. It's five thousand." The exact price, she thought, for that sexy red dress she had wanted for ages.