
She shook her head. "Rich boy too busy daydreaming," she chuckled softly under her breath.
A few moments later, she rushed into the dining room in her pair of beige round-toe pump and made herself a quick breakfast of toasts and coffee. As she was eating, her phone beeped. She picked it up and noted that it was from Jane.
"Hey," Sakura said into the phone. "Are you heading over all ready?"
"Yeah," Jane said. "Got to be there early. Lots to do. Be there in a minutes, okay?"
"Okay," Sakura replied. Once she had hung up, she quickly downed her coffee, grabbed her bag, and then rushed out.
She came into the gallery located on the ground floor of their building a moment later.
"Running off again, are we?" Ned said from the other side of the counter.
Sakura chuckled. "Yes, Jane coming."
"I do hope you realized it's the Princeton Hotel you're going?" Ned asked gently.
Sakura nodded. "I know that, and I also know for sure that I'd never see them. Or rather, they'd never see me." Then she turned herself around as if to show Ned that she no longer looked like the Sakura Princeton she had been before. "See? I have blond hair. Well, at least I think it's blond. Also, different colors eyes."
"Which I think is odd," Ned encountered.
Sakura ignored him. "Ned dear, please try to understand that it's my mother Haruka I'm going to see. I mean I just want a peek, if you know what I mean."
"I know what you mean, Sakura," Ned said. "Just be careful is all I'm saying."
"Of course I'll be careful, Ned dear. And please be a dear and look after Toby for me while I'm gone."
"Of course," Ned replied, giving her a smile.
"Morning," a voice said from the doorway.
Sakura turned to see Melissa Williams, her sale assistant heading toward them.
"Where are going?" Melissa asked, her eyes on Sakura, noting the perfect make-up, the pretty though rather too conservative clothing, and the handbag. "Not a party, I hoped?"
Sakura frowned. "No, not a party," she replied. Then she turned to Ned. "Please don't forget to walk Toby this morning. Otherwise he'd get really agitated when I get back."
"A whole day out, eh?" Melissa asked. "You're going out quite a bit lately, aren't you?"
Sakura frowned again. What was with Melissa? She was always being so nosy. Gosh, she wished she hadn't hired the woman in the first place. There was that something about Melissa Williams that she didn't trust or like.
Jane bustled in then, her blond hair flying around everywhere, her glasses sat haphazardly on her nose. Melissa snorted and wanted to laugh out loud at Jane's unpleasant appearance. Sakura noticed and scowled darkly at the assistant.
"Hey, Ned," Jane greeted, nudging her glasses up.
"Morning, Jane," Ned replied. "Look after that one, won't you? She could be quite wild and get into all sort of mess. Should keep her under chain and locks, if you ask me."
Lock and chain? On Sakura? Not a bad idea, Melissa thought. That one deserved to be imprisoned in a dark cell where no man would ever be able to lay eyes on her.