
A Passionate Kiss

Sakura spent the next day with Ned at his cottage, painting. She'd been lucky since everyone had left the house early to meet up with Mary and Peter's parents, who were arriving early that morning. Then of course they'd go to the Princeton Hotel and Resort on the other side of the island, finalizing everything for the wedding reception.
"You could never stay put, could you?" Ned asked, watching her from his side of the room.
"No, I can't," she replied. "And stop lecturing me. Be nice since I've brought you carrot cake."
"Did you make it?"
"Of course not." She chuckled. "Your dear sister did. She told me to tell you to stop telling everyone that she's neglecting you."
"She's a good girl," Ned said. "I'm going to make lunch. What do you want in your sandwich?"
"Ham," she said, doing a little dot of pink to make the cherry flower on the canvas.
"Okay, be back in a minute," Ned said and then disappeared out the door.
They had lunch in quietness and afterward continued with their paintings. It was late by the time Sakura decided she had enough and headed back to the house.
"I'm driving you there," Ned said and made her get in the car.
Sakura shook her head and just did what he told her to do. Once they got to the mansion, Sakura cursed loudly.
Ned chuckled. "I thought I taught you better than that," he said. "Next time use a better swear word."
"Aye, aye, captain," Sakura said, eyeing Sebastian getting out of his Mercedes-Benz. He was of course followed by Conrad, Hayden, and Nicolas. Tristan, Logan, and Darcy came out of the other car. She wondered why she had to arrive home at the same time they did.
The brothers stood watching her as she and Ned got out of the car.
Sakura turned to Ned and said, "Why don't you come and say thank you to your sister for the cake?"
Ned chuckled. "Scaredy cat."
Sakura bit her lip and muttered, "I'm not a scaredy cat."
Of course, he gladly came to her side and escorted her toward the house.
"Ned Fabre?" Nicolas asked.
Ned chuckled. "Master Nicolas, how are you? And Master Tristan, Logan, Sebastian, Hayden, Darcy, Conrad?"
The brothers nodded at him, surprised that he still remembered them even though they had only met once or twice in the last couple of years.
"Why is Sakura with you?" Conrad asked.
"She's my student. Such a slow learner, she is."
Sakura folded her arms across her chest. "Excuse me, but I am not a slow learner."
"What are you teaching her?" Hayden asked.
"Painting. She loves to paint the sakura tree," Ned said.
"Sakura tree?" Logan asked. "That's her name."
"Cherry tree," Sebastian said, and the brothers nodded in understanding.
Sakura said, "Ned dear?"
"Yes, Sakura dear?" Ned turned to her.
"Beth? Cake? Thank you?" She gave him a fake smile.
"Ah, of course." He turned to the brothers and said, "Must thank my dear sister for the cake she gave me." With that, he nodded at the brothers and headed into the house. Sakura quickly followed him, still limping a little. The brothers headed into the house as well.