
Oh, how he wanted to go to her. How he wanted to take her into his arms. God, he ached.
* * *
The house is oddly quiet tonight, Sakura thought as she got out of the shower. Of course, there was only her, James, and Brenda, who had returned from the wedding reception. Everyone else-the brothers, Richard, Tara, and Alaina-had gone off into town to do some drinking and clubbing. She had no doubt that Darcy and Kate were with them, enjoying themselves tremendously.
It was odd also that tonight she had decided to wear her pretty Victoria Secret silk and lace nightdress. Why she wanted to wear this she wasn't sure. She just did. Then she put on some night cream and blow-dried her hair. Once done, she went straight to bed, only she couldn't sleep. She felt so restless, and she wasn't sure why.
She flicked on the light, grabbed her camera, and went through the photos she had taken during the wedding. As she gazed down at the people's faces in the photos, her heart ached within her chest. Her family. They were her family, weren't they? Then the photo of her with Tristan and Logan came up, the one with them both kissing her on the cheeks. Tristan and Logan. They were the best of brothers and the best of best friends. They were never far away from one another, and they had always helped one another.
She flicked through some more photos and found some pictures of her and the whole family together. She was a part of them. She was a Princeton. Yes, there she was, standing in between Tristan and Conrad. Then there were Daddy James and Mom Brenda, Nicolas, Logan, Hayden, and of course the two men who affected her most-both mentally and emotionally-Sebastian and Darcy.
She put down the camera, her heart aching even more as she thought of them both. Were they really fighting because of her? What was she going to do? They were brothers. She was their adopted sister. Yet-
Absentmindedly, she reached for her treasure box and opened it. Inside, she saw the single earring she had bought a long time ago for Hayden. This had been the one he'd thrown back at her, telling her he only needed one. She'd kept it safe until now. She hadn't been sure why.
She picked it up and gazed at it, marveling at the blue stone. Slowly, she returned it to the box and then took out her craft gear. She pulled out her watercolor paints and the small cards. Then she began to paint some cherry trees. Yes, spring was almost over and summer was just around the corner. She smiled sadly.
Some two hours later, she'd finally had enough and put everything away. Still not tired, she went to kneel down beside Toby, who was sound asleep. She stroked his white fur and the dog purred with pleasure.
"You have no worries, do you?" she said softly. "I wish I were more like you." Then she got up and left the room.
The air was warm and breezy as Sakura headed down toward the garden near the pond where Mary and Peter had their wedding ceremony only that afternoon.
"It was a beautiful wedding," she whispered to herself.
She closed her eyes and breathed in the spring air, her face tilted up toward heaven, serene. She stayed there for how long she did not know as her mind wandered off into the far distance. Then when she realized it was getting rather late, she turned on her heel and started walking back toward the house.
She was deep in thought and was just passing the section of the garden with thick bushes when someone grabbed her arm and pulled her into the darkness.
Sakura gasped, her heart pounding hard and fast as she instinctively tried to free herself from the tight imprisonment.