
Confession

Sakura slowly opened her eyes. Why was she so sore? She groaned in pain as she brought her hand up to touch her forehead. Oh, God, her head was aching something sorely. Suddenly, she realized there were long lines of IV tubes connected to her arm.
Where am I?
She tried to sit up but found she couldn't.
"Don't move," she heard someone say to her softly.
Sakura turned to see Sebastian moving toward her from where he sat. He touched his warm hand to her cheek, cupping her face. "Lie back," he said.
She obeyed him. Sebastian pulled the blanket up to her chin as he watched her.
"Where am I?" she asked weakly.
"In the hospital," he said.
"Oh," she voiced, staring up at the ceiling. Then she closed her eyes again, trying to think what had happened. Her head hurt. Why was it so painful? Then slowly-very slowly-everything came back to her. The storm. Kate. Conrad. Her falling from the cliff.
The last thing she remembered was her flying down, hitting the water, and then drowning. She had thought that she was going to die for sure. The water, it was taking her, wanting to kill her. She whimpered in pain at the reminder.
Darcy! She'd seen him bleeding on the ground next to her.
She flashed open her eyes. "Darcy!"
"Hush," Sebastian said. "He's fine. He's fine."
"Tell me what happened to him, please," she begged, tears in her eyes.
Sebastian slid in next to her then and pulled the blanket on the both of them. He made her rest her head in his arms, and then slowly, he moved and kissed her forehead. "He's fine. He's just across the hall." He didn't dare tell her that Darcy had lost a lot of blood and his left arm was broken when he was trying to save her.
Sebastian rested his chin on top of her head and said, "I was so worried. When I saw you fall, I thought I'd die."
Sakura clutched onto him, her body trembling. "I'm sorry."
"Why are you sorry? I couldn't believe Kate would do that to you." He nudged her face up so she could look at him. "Sakura," he began slowly.
Sebastian knew he couldn't hold back anymore. He had to tell her. After the accident, her life seemed so fragile, and he realized she could be snatched away from him just like that, like yesterday afternoon. He knew for certain he never wanted that to happen again, ever. Yes, he needed to tell her now.
"I love you," he said, staring into her dark eyes-eyes that had always mesmerized him. "I have always loved you, Sakura. I'm not going to ever let you leave me, ever again."
As she stared up at him, tears were rolling down her pale cheeks. She held on to him tightly, her whole body shaking like a leaf. "Sebastian," she whispered softly. She desperately wanted to tell him that she, too, loved him. But she knew she could not because she knew very well that it would never work out. All too soon, she'd be leaving him. All too soon, she'd be leaving them all, and it pained her to think about it.
Then before she could say anything, his lips were on hers, kissing her gently and passionately. With tears in her eyes, Sakura submitted to him, letting him kiss her, letting him explore her mouth, letting him have all of her because she knew it would be the last time she'd share a kiss with him. Then when he finally lifted his head and wiped her tears away, she couldn't help herself and said softly, "I love you, too."