
Conrad thought he was going nuts. For two weeks now he kept hearing Toby barking. Tristan had told him it was his hallucination, imagining other dog's barks for Toby's. This only spurred Conrad ever more to want to go to the gallery to see Sakura and Toby. Of course that bloody Ned had decided to avoid them by staying in Los Angele, and so nothing was done about making Sakura coming round and letting them back into her life. When he had suggested that they just up and go in to see her anyway, Logan had said, "You'll frighten her with your unpleasant appearance, Conrad. We've agreed with Ned not to bother her until he makes her come around."
Of course he knew both Sebastian and Darcy had been doing their routine rounds through Soho, just to get a peek at the gallery, hoping to see Sakura. It was odd lately that Sebastian seemed so chummy about something. He was grinning to himself all the time, which annoyed both Conrad and Darcy equally. When Darcy had asked the brother if he had a secret to share, Sebastian just said, "Just thinking my conversation with a friend."
"Bloody hell," Conrad muttered under his breath, storming into the living area where everyone was getting ready for lunch.
Beth looked up and said, "What's bothering you, Master Conrad?"
"Toby. Is it really just me? Didn't you guys hear the bark?"
Tristan laughed. "Your imagination again."
"Yes, we heard the barks, Conrad. Dog barks along the streets," Hayden said, turning the page of the newspaper in his hands. "It's not unusual."
"Are you sure you're all right, bro?" Logan put in, looking at Conrad over his bland coffee. "Need to see a doctor or something?"
"Don't be ridiculous," Conrad snapped. He took a seat beside Tristan and changed the subject. "Where's Nicolas and Sebastian?"
"Nicolas is at the hotel doing some stuff. He's elbow deep in paper work, apparently. Sebastian is doing a deal with some new business partner in Brooklyn."
"Darcy?"
"At his loft," Hayden said. "He's dealing with some issue with the art and design for our new game."
"The seven knights?"
"Lame," Tristan said. "Seven knights."
"Eight now," Hayden said. "It was Darcy's idea. He wants eight now. And don't you say it's lame. If it's lame, it wouldn't be still selling in the millions."
"Does it have more moves and weapons?"
"Shit load," Hayden replied. "Kanata."
"Sick!" Conrad laughed. "I love Kanata."
It was then that Conrad looked up and saw a white dog ran across the length of the courtyard. "Toby!" he shouted, pointing a finger at the window.
The brothers turned to look but didn't see any dog. Tristan pulled Conrad down to sit again and placed the back of his hand against Conrad's forehead.
"You're not sick," he said, noting that the temperature on Conrad's forehead was okay.
Conrad slapped his brother's hand away and snapped, "Who the hell say I'm sick." He was obviously so upset that he shot up and headed out the room in annoyance.
Tristan said, "What did I say?"
Hayden shrugged his shoulders as if to say he didn't have a clue, and Logan laughed.
Conrad came out into the garden and went about searching for the little culprit whom made everyone think he was going mad. There, the barking was getting louder. The corridor? Conrad rushed over to the other side and, taking a deep breath, he jerked the door open.