
Then there was Conrad, the baby of the house. "Yes," she murmured to herself, gently touching the overgrown tall grasses, "he'd be twenty by now."
"And me," she said under her breath, her heart pounding within her chest. "I'll be twenty-four in a couple of weeks." But then again, she thought, April the 8th wasn't her actual birthdate. It was the date she was found on the doorstep of the orphanage, and she'd already been more than a couple of days old.
Looking back, she thought how Tara had fit right in with the family as if she were born into it. Sakura, on the other hand, couldn't seem to make even one sibling like her at all. It had hurt because she badly wanted them to accept her. She wanted them to love and care for her as their sister. That, however, was not to be.
It didn't matter now, though, because there were Daddy James, Mom Brenda, Dale, and Molly who loved her. There was also Beth Faber, the housekeeper, who always doted on her in her own weird way. And of course Ned Faber, Beth's young brother, who treated her like his own child since he had none and longed for one. Not to mention her real mother, the woman she'd never met.
Deep down, Sakura knew her mother loved her because otherwise the woman wouldn't have given her a name-a very beautiful Japanese name-that meant cherry blossom and left her a cherry blossom pendant necklace. She found out not too long ago that the pendant stone was a rare pink diamond which was of the finest quality and very expensive. She knew without a doubt there had to be a reason her mother had abandoned her, and Sakura was determined to find the woman and then...
Then what?
Unconsciously, she touched the pink diamond about her neck.
When the wedding was over, she'd be going out there into the world-she didn't care where-to find her mother.
With that thought in mind, she smiled up at the sky and closed her eyes, savoring this very moment, cherishing it in her memory, and praying very hard that soon she'd find the woman who had given her life.