
Sakura glanced up, her heart pounding with delight. Oh God, she thought. They are giving me a nickname. Does that mean they're my friends?
"Why would you give her a nickname?" Tara asked in annoyance.
"Yeah! Why?" Alaina shouted at her brother.
"I want a nickname, too," Tara demanded, furrowing her pretty brows.
"Your name is easy to pronounce," Sebastian said. "And it's kind of short already."
"How about Sarah?" Nicolas suggested. "It's a popular name, and it means princess."
Tara butted in instantly. "But she's not a princess. She doesn't even look like a princess. She's a devil's daughter."
"She looks like Snow White to me," Darcy said again, smiling at Sakura. "We can call her Snow or something."
"What? Just because she has black hair and pale skin?" Tara muttered unhappily. "She's plain and ugly like Mommy said. So we should give her a plain and ugly name."
"Yes, we should do that," Alaina said, nodding her head furiously.
"What about Sally?" Sebastian suggested. "It sounds pretty close to Sa-ku... Sa-ku-ra."
"Yes, Sally sounds about right," Tara said, nodding her head. "She is silly, after all, and it rhymes, I think. Sakura is a silly girl. Sally and silly." She laughed loudly. "Silly Sally."
And so Sakura had a nickname that she herself did not have a vote in, and soon the children returned to their play and forgot all about her.
Every night after that day, Sakura prayed the Princetons would adopt her into their family. Then one day her dream came true in the most bizarre way.
The orphanage was on fire and the whole building burned down, killing Mrs. Byrd, though all of the children and staff escaped. After some hard and fast investigation by the police, it was found that Mrs. Byrd had been smoking in the kitchen while the gas was still on, thus leading to an explosion.
However, a rumor was spread that Sakura was actually responsible for starting the fire by leaving the oven gas turned on. Though she had done no such thing, she could not rebuke the claim that Tara and her friends made as witnesses to the whole ordeal. Soon Sakura found herself hated by everyone who knew her, and she lost all hope of an adoption.
One week after the incident, James Princeton walked in, claiming that such a nice young girl couldn't have done such a terrible thing, and since she had nowhere to go and no one would take her, he and his wife would adopt her.
Sakura was so relieved and happy over this man's kindness that, for the first time in her seven years, she cried in front of everyone. James wiped away her tears, told her everything would be all right, lifted her into his arms, and took her home to his family.