
As they were struggling, Tara noticed Darcy running across the length of the lawn toward the tree house, calling Alaina's name. Obviously, he was looking for her.
"Darcy!" Tara screamed out at the top of her lungs. "Help us! Please! She's trying to kill us!"
Alaina caught on instantly. She glanced over and saw her twin brother racing at full speed toward them. She smiled gleefully, adrenaline coursing through her veins. "Now he'll find out just how evil this bitch is." She chuckled to Tara.
Tara nodded, and on cue they both screamed at the top of their lungs, "Help us! Darcy! She's trying to kill us!"
Darcy raced to them and stopped at the bottom of the huge tree, looking up. "Alaina!"
Tara chose that moment to take action. This is it, she thought. She let go of Sakura's hand and shoved her back into the tree house, causing Sakura to tumble and hit against the wall.
Sakura fell and landed on her backside, confused that she hadn't yet fallen off the tree house. Then she watched in horror as Tara grinned like a maniac and shoved Alaina out the door, letting her fall out of the tree house all the way down to the ground with a thud.
Tara smiled with satisfaction as she watched her little best friend fly down and land by Darcy's feet. She couldn't help feeling the excitement within her when she saw the surprise, the shock, and the fear on Alaina's beautiful face.
Thud!
Alaina landed there on the grass, her body like a little doll, all broken and torn. Oh how it pleased Tara. It pleased her so damn much.
"Alaina!" Darcy screamed, his face white with horror as he picked up his unconscious sister in his arms. "Alaina!" he cried. "Please don't die!"
Tara managed to compose herself from her excitement. She rushed down the tree house and pretended to cry her heart out. "Alaina! Alaina! It's her. She's trying to kill us. Can't you see, Darcy? She's the devil's daughter. She's here to kill all of us and take our mommy and daddy."
Darcy, his heart suddenly torn with anger and hatred, let go of Alaina and climbed up the tree house. Once he was inside, he grabbed the shocked Sakura and shouted at her. "Why? I never believed them before, but now! Why? How could you? How could you?" Then, as if he were revolted by her, he shoved her from him.
Sakura landed against the wall. She hugged herself into a ball, rocking herself as she whimpered, "I didn't do it. I didn't. Please believe me. I didn't."
* * *
The whimpering sound echoed in Darcy's head, and he woke with a start. He flashed his eyes open and sat up, his palm against his chest, feeling the continuous thumping of his beating heart. Thump! Thump! Thump! Oh, God! It was painful. So painful.
Sweat soaked his face and body. He wiped his forehead with the back of his hand, then took off his nightshirt. His skin was glistening with sweat in the darkness as he sat there, his mind playing scenes of his childhood. Suddenly, as if he couldn't stand the stuffiness of the room any longer, he got off the bed and went to draw the curtains back and open the windows.
Cool spring air rushed in, and he breathed a sigh of relief.
Why the dream? He hadn't thought about that day for so long. So why now?
It hurt. His heart hurt. Why had he hurt Sakura when she hadn't done anything wrong? Why had he hurt her when he loved her so much? Why?