
First Love

Thirteen Years Ago, Summer

Darcy felt his heart throbbing intensely as he hid behind the door to his room, listening to his parents talking to Dr. Young.
"Chest infection," Dr. Young said. "Pneumonia. All she needs is an antibiotic and a lot of rest."
"It must be from the drowning," James said.
Darcy felt tears sting his eyes and his stomach hollowed. At that moment, he hated himself so much that he wanted to beat himself to death.
How could he let this happen to his Snow? How could he let Alaina and Tara push her off the cliff? How could he just stand there in the distance and watch as she fell into the sea? Yes, he was a coward. A nuisance. A no-good weakling who didn't deserve to be called a Princeton.
Ashamed! He was ashamed of himself.
He hugged himself into a ball in the corner of his room and cried his heart out, crying for his Snow and hating himself at the same time.
He had missed dinner, and thankfully no one had come looking for him. He knew everyone was too shocked with what had happened to worry about dinner. What would Dad do to Alaina and Tara? He'd punish them; he was sure, which they deserved. And Sakura? What was going to happen to her after this?
It was dark, and Darcy couldn't sleep. His heart was still racing and his mind was still on Sakura. That was when he couldn't take it any longer and got out of bed.
He needed to see her. He needed to make sure she was all right.
He was out of his room and heading to Sakura's room across the hall in an instant. He quietly opened her door and poked his head in.
He saw her slight, pale form in bed, sleeping. He noted she was having difficulty breathing, and his heart ached for her.
"Snow," he whispered.
He slid in and closed the door behind him. He came around to her and touched the back of his hand on her forehead. He nearly jumped because her skin was burning hot.
"Snow," he said, tears brewing in his eyes. "Please be all right."
"Darce," she whispered softly in her sleep. "I didn't do it. I didn't push Alaina."
Darcy bit his lip, his heart trembling with pain in his chest. "I know you didn't," he said, his voice shaking. "I know you didn't."
He reached out and took her little hand in his, holding on to her tight. Then he noticed that she began to whimper in her sleep, shaking her head and body as if she were having a nightmare.
"Snow," he whispered. "Snow."
She kept shaking her head and whimpering brokenly as tears fell from her eyes down her cheeks.
Darcy knew he had to comfort her, had to protect her from her nightmare.
He climbed into bed with her and scooped her into his arms. With her feverish body against his, he hugged her tight. "It's all right, Snow. I'm here. You're safe with me," he whispered against her forehead. "You're safe with me."
A few moments later, she calmed down. "Darce," she whispered. "Please don't leave me."
"I won't leave you," he replied, tightened his arms around her.
"Please love me," she begged.