
Compared to Sebastian, Darcy wasn't as bulky, though his muscles were as toned and well-defined as Sebastian's. His abs were very prominent and caused Sakura's breath to catch at the back of her throat.
Oh God! Another hot, shirtless man.
Then Nicolas, Tristan, Logan, Hayden, and, of course, Conrad all took off their shirts. Oh, God, she thought. She hoped they weren't going to go totally naked in front of her. She was about to run away to save herself from the embarrassment of seeing seven hot men naked when Tristan caught her by the shoulders and said cheekily, "How about a kiss for good luck?"
Sakura blushed. "I'm not kissing anybody, and what are you guys doing anyway? I've already asked Sebastian to be my swimming instructor."
"Ah," Nicolas said, taking off his glasses. "It's already been decided." He gave her a grin.
Sakura gasped. Oh gosh! Nicolas looked so different without his glasses. He looked very handsome. His eyes, though perhaps he couldn't see properly, had that twinkle in them.
"If you guys keep doing this, I'll ask Richard to teach me instead," she said loudly, almost in sheer panic. She was panicking because she was surrounded with seven very good-looking, shirtless men who were about to take off their jeans. Breathe, Sakura, breathe, she told herself.
The brothers weren't listening to her. Sebastian jumped into the pool with his jeans still on, followed by Conrad and Hayden.
Sebastian said loudly, "Richard is a lousy swimmer."
"Yes, he is indeed," Logan said, shoving Tristan to the side. "Now then," he said, leading Sakura by the wrist to the seat near the pool. "You just sit here and enjoy the race, eh?"
Sakura didn't want any part in their competition and was about to run when Logan chuckled and said, "You know it makes no difference whether you want us to race or not. It's just us brothers. When we want something we like, we compete for it. And it doesn't matter if we know we're going to lose. We'll still give it our best shot. So just sit there and enjoy the race. There's a good girl."
When he saw Sakura wasn't going to argue any longer, he stood up and jumped into the pool. Darcy was watching her and noted that her feet were pale and turned almost purple. He took off his socks and came over to her.
"Darcy?" Sakura voiced, surprised to find him kneeling before her.
Darcy picked up her left foot and pulled his sock on it. "Your feet are freezing cold," he said, his warm palms on her skin.
Sakura bit her lower lip as he pulled the other one on her other foot. His touch was gentle, and she felt her heart flutter in her chest.
Darcy glanced up at that moment, and their eyes locked. His heart started to thunder within his chest, and he couldn't tear his gaze from her.
Sakura bit her lip and blinked, her whole being quivering warmly at his intense stare. Then she also felt the brothers watching them. She looked up, and sure enough, they were.
"I wish I was wearing socks," Conrad said.
Darcy got up, and with his jeans still on, jumped into the water. Suddenly it was like a real race as the brothers all climbed back out and took their positions.
"On my count," Nicolas said. The brothers nodded and got themselves ready.
Sakura felt her heart start to thump faster and faster. Her body tensed and stiffened as she waited patiently.