
Reunion

Sakura had never felt so nervous in her life. Since she had found out about the missing diamond last night when she did another inspection to make sure she hadn't damage it like she had done with the gown, she had felt dreadful and wanted to cry. To replace that particular jewel would cost at least a couple of hundred thousands, and Sakura just didn't have that type of money.
Again, she glanced at the exquisite jewel sitting in a velvet box beside her bed, ready to be delivered today back to its owner, Lady Suzuki. With an active, imaginative artist mind like hers, she started wondering about the possibilities of Lady Suzuki's reactions. Suddenly, she panicked and became lightheaded. Oh God! She hoped the woman wouldn't throw her into jail or take her to court over the ordeal. She hoped they'd come up with an agreement. Though to be honest she really doubted that. A life in jail was what she imagined herself in.
Her hands were shaking when she carefully shut the box and put it in her bag. A tentative knock came at the door, and Jane poked her head in.
Sakura glanced over her shoulder to give her friend a small smile that didn't quite reach her eyes.
The moment Jane saw Sakura, she immediately hustled over, wispy blond hair flying about her. Her green eyes were large and teary as she pulled the younger girl into her arms and hugged her tight. She continuously patted Sakura on the shoulder like she did to a younger sister.
"Don't worry. Lady Suzuki isn't so heartless. She knows it's an accident. I've told Mr. Suzuki, Lady Suzuki's nephew last night about the necklace and that it got a missing diamond. I mean to be honest, he didn't sound too concern about that." She cocked her head to one side. "He sounded please, actually. Which is rather odd."
Sakura laughed brokenly. "Are you kidding me, Jane? I ran off with the precious necklace. On top of that, I've managed to damage it. How could Mr. Suzuki not be concerned when his aunt's million dollars jewel is damaged? I'd only be too glad if they don't take me to court or throw me in jail."
Jane released her arms and sighed. "You're right. I don't actually know them that well. But... so shit! I don't know. I shouldn't have asked Mr. Tachibana for their number. I shouldn't have called Mr. Suzuki requesting for this meeting. Shouldn't have at all."
Now it was Jane's turn to flutter, and Sakura's turn to calm the woman down. "Don't be silly, Jane. Slow down and breathe slowly and deeply."
Jane nodded and brushed her hair from her face in annoyance.
Sakura said, "It was my idea after all." She laughed brokenly, her stomach flipping with nervousness. "I have to return it regardless if it was in perfect condition or not. It won't sit well with me. My conscience won't allow me."
Jane agreed with a nod of her head. "Well, come on then." She pulled Sakura to her feet. "We don't want to be late now, do we? I heard that Mr. Suzuki hates people who are late. Time is money for them, you know."
Sakura said quietly, "Yes, of course."
They were coming down the stairs to the ground floor, Sakura awkwardly carrying Mr. Tachibana's gown. As they were passing through the gallery, Melissa called out, "Are you going out?"
Sakura turned to her sale assistant and said, "Yes. I have to return this to the owner."
Melissa eyed the wrapped gown and said with interest, "It looks like a piece of art work."
Sakura nodded and waved at Jane for them to leave. "Just call when you need me. I won't be too long."
"Sure," Melissa said, pulling a face as she watched Sakura and Jane walking out the door.