
"It was Sebastian's," Tristan said.
"Come on, my dear lady," Tristan said to Sakura. "We can't allow the Prince of Rebel to keep you any longer."
"So said the Prince of Flirt," Hayden put in sarcastically.
So it is Sebastian again, Sakura thought in annoyance. What is wrong with him? Why is he being so overbearing right now?
"Come on, get in the car," Sebastian ordered gently.
"You don't need to tell her, Seb," Conrad said. "She's coming."
Actually, Sakura decided she wasn't coming with them after all. Just to show Sebastian he couldn't tell her what to do, she refused to move an inch from the bike.
Sebastian, however, did it for her by scooping her into his arms and carrying her-with the helmet still in her hands-toward the car.
"What are you doing?" she shrieked. "Put me down."
Sebastian refused to listen to her. Sakura grumbled under her breath and glared at him.
"He's carrying her again," Conrad said.
"Because he's responsible," Tristan commented, heading around to the car as well.
"Why should you feel responsible?" Sakura couldn't help asking, her voice ice cold.
"Because right now I'm the eldest brother," Sebastian said matter-of-factly.
Tristan butted in. "Don't believe him, Sakura. I believe I'm the eldest right now since I was born a full six minutes before him, so that responsibility falls to me."
Sebastian finally put her down. She brushed down her skirt and hair and muttered under her breath. Sebastian opened the door of the car for her, telling her with his stance to get in.
Sakura gritted her teeth, ignored him, and said rather too softly, "Actually, I believe none of you need to take any responsibility over me. After all, I am twenty-three and not a three-year-old child." She turned her eyes to Sebastian then and said to him, "I think I can take of myself, and I believe I'm entitled to decide how I want to get home, don't you?"
Sebastian folded his arms across his massive chest, almost in challenge. Sakura knew he wasn't happy with her announcement. But to hell with him! Who did he think he was? He had never cared about her welfare before, so why now?
"I think Sakura should choose how she wants to get home," Hayden butted in, giving her a cheeky smile.
"All right," Sebastian said. "Decide, Sakura. How do you want to get home? The car?" He nodded toward the back seat. "Or the bike?" He nodded to where Hayden and the bike were.
Sakura knew he wanted her to ride home in the car. Well, he could go home with his brothers without her. She held her head high and said, "I choose the motorbike."
"What?" Conrad shouted. "But we waited for you."
Sakura felt bad. It was even worse when Conrad gave her the puppy-dog look. But she hardened herself against her tender heart. After all, it was Sebastian's fault. If he wasn't acting so overbearing, then she would have gone with them, and Conrad needn't be so upset.
"Sorry, Conrad," she said softly and moved to Hayden, who was smiling at her with glee.
Sebastian watched her go, his face impassive. "Get in the car, everyone," he said as he tossed the keys over to Tristan. "You drive."
Tristan knew Sebastian was pissed even though he wasn't showing it, and when Sebastian was pissed, his driving was affected, which could lead to the passengers experiencing a roller-coaster-type ride. Frankly none of them wanted that right now. What Tristan didn't expect, however, was for Sebastian to go up to Hayden and say, "You too," and take Hayden's helmet without asking.