
Sebastian Princeton, Knight of Hearts

"Mr. Princeton sir?"
Sebastian jolted back to reality with a start. He turned to look at the blond-hair and green-eyed woman with thick glasses addressing him.
"What is it?" He frowned at her.
Jane Hamilton bit her lip and told herself to stop shaking so hard in front of the handsome billionaire who was scowling at her. She glanced up at him again, her eyes large. Oh shit! She should have done that. He really did scare her, and she totally didn't understand why every female in the world wanted to date him. Yes, he was very handsome. Yes, he was very rich. And no, she did not find herself attracted to him in the very least like every other female.
She took a deep breath and said, "Sir, I was told you wanted to inspect the stage?"
Sebastian sighed. He had been in such a deep thought moments ago that he had forgotten about his request. Nicolas had asked him to inspect the stage, to make sure everything was fine. He wasn't sure why he hadn't been paying attention to his surrounding since they had entered the hotel.
No, actually, he knew why. It was because of that blond women Sosuke had bumped into when they had arrived. Why had he found her so fascinating? Why couldn't he stop himself from thinking about her? Even though she had been at such a great distance away from him back then? Even though he hadn't at all seen her face? But her figured really did reminded him of somebody. The long hair, thought a pale golden blond in color, was also oddly familiar. Then there was the way in which she had walked briskly away. It was her gait that attracted his attention. It was as if he had seen that gait somewhere before, on someone he had known very well.
God! Why couldn't he get her out of his mind? The only woman who had ever done that to him was Sakura.
Suddenly, his heart ached. Sakura! Sweetheart. Where are you?
"Sir?" Jane squeaked again.
Sebastian snapped his eyes to her. "Yes."
"Should we go?" she asked meekly.
Sebastian nodded, and strode ahead, leaving Jane to quietly follow him.
They came to the first floor and then into the great open space of the great hall where the fashion was going to take place. Staffs were everywhere, setting up the scene; placing chairs along the rows, setting various equipment, and testing the lightings and the sounds.
"As you can see, sir, everything is going according to plan so far," Jane said. "That's our runway there." She pointed to the long t-shape raised platform in the middle of the great hall. There were bright white lights on all sides that would shine on the models as they did their catwalk, showing off the beautiful models and the gowns and jewelries that they wore.
"And the sounds?" Sebastian asked.
"It's good. It's going to be classical Japanese music mixed with pop. I think it's called Sakura, Sakura."
"What?" Sebastian snapped, turned his azure-blue eyes to Jane, his face tense.
Jane was taken by surprised by his abrupt query. She swallowed nervously and said, "It's called Sakura, Sakura, sir." Then she had to explain further, thinking that he didn't know or understand. "The song depict spring time, when cherry blossom bloom, sir."
"Yes, of course. I known that," Sebastian said. He took a deep breath then. Shit! Why was he in such a bad mood? Why was he so agitated?
Sakura. Her name kept ringing in his head. Sakura. Sakura. Sweetheart. Where are you?