
Oh yes, he remembered that time long ago when Sakura had countless nightmares. James had always been there for her, hugging her and telling her everything was all right. And he, Sebastian, would watch from the distance. Yes, he remembered those words very well.
Do you love me?
Of course I do. With all my heart.
Then only love me in secret. I don't want to hurt my siblings.
"You're Sebastian." Her voice penetrated his mind. He watched her as she gazed up at him, her eyes large and glistening with tears. "You're Sebastian," she repeated weakly. "Sebastian who saved me. I was so cold, and you were so warm. My chest hurt. My body hurt. There was a fire in the cave. You hugged me. You said you liked me, but you don't like me as your sister. I was so sad, so very sad. But you kissed me. Then I was happy again, so very happy." She moved her face and sleepily looked at Darcy. She whispered, "Darce. My Darce. But you're no longer my Darce. You hate me now. Why?" She turned and snuggled her face back against Sebastian's warm chest. "Please don't kill me yet. I want to go to Mary's wedding first, and I want to meet my real mother... Then you can kill me, Tara, Alaina. I want to meet my real mother," she murmured softly. "She gave me my name. Sakura means cherry blossom. She gave me my necklace. I'm going to find her. I want to call her okasama. It means mother in Japanese. Yes, I want to call her okasama so much..."
The brothers noted that her eyes were now closed and she was rocking herself back and forward. Darcy bent down and took Toby from her. The dog groaned, wanting to go back to his master, but Darcy was firm.
"Hush!" he said to Toby as he petted him.
"Yes," Sebastian said, placing his hand under her slender legs. Then he lifted her. "You'll meet your real mother soon. You'll find her."
"Yes, real soon," she murmured under her breath. "I'll meet her real soon."
Sebastian placed her on her bed and pulled the blanket up to her neck. Soon she was in deep sleep. The two brothers stood there, watching the woman who had affected them so much, both mentally and emotionally, in these past few days. She had brought back their memories of their childhood, of the pain and of the pleasure of being with her. Now more than ever, they both realized they no longer wanted to forget about her, no longer wanted their memories of her to lie dormant in their minds. No, what they wanted now more than ever was to embrace her, to welcome her into their arms-not as a sister, but as the woman they had always wanted and loved.
A few moments later, after they were satisfied she wasn't going to have another nightmare, the brothers headed out the door.
"Want some coffee?" Sebastian asked at the corridor.
"Yeah, why not?" Darcy said, leading the way with Toby in his arms.
"Can't guarantee it'll be as good as Sakura's, though," Sebastian said. "By the way, maybe you should put on a shirt. It is rather cold."
Darcy nodded and gave Toby to Sebastian.
Sebastian said before his brother could disappear, "Don't forget. We have our hair appointment at ten."
Darcy groaned. "Shit!" he muttered under his breath.
Sebastian laughed. "It's for our dear cousin's sake. You know Mary'll flip if she sees you with such long hair at her wedding."
"Speak for yourself," Darcy said. "Yours is almost as long as mine." With that, Darcy disappeared into his room.