
Ned saw Sakura paled at the prospect, cleared his throat, and said, "I'll take Toby out for a walk. A very long walk. You girls have a nice talk."
"Sakura looked over at Ned, and said, "Thanks."
Ned waved his hand and headed out the kitchen, whistling. Sakura took Jane up to her bedroom. The two girls make themselves comfortable on the sofa near the window as Sakura began her tales. As she talked, a cool breeze whistled into the room, stirring the long curtains and fluttering it about. Sakura felt tear stinging her eyes as she recited the last part of her story, of when she had heartlessly left her beloved family behind, her beloved men Sebastian and Darcy Princeton behind. It had all been for a good cause though, she reminded herself. She hadn't wanted to hurt any of them in any way, and she had thought that leaving them had been the best option. Now, however, she wondered if she had been wrong in that regard. Perhaps leaving them hadn't been the best option after all. Perhaps she should have stayed and face the consequence. But then again, she'd have to decide, wouldn't she, between Sebastian and Darcy. And she wasn't ready for that yet.
Jane was sobbing nosily and sniffing by the time Sakura finished.
"I'm so sorry," she chuckled, tears flowing down her red cheeks. "But oh my God! Your story is just so sad." She grabbed another Kleenex and wiped her red eyes. "Come here." She laughed and grabbed Sakura into her arms. "I knew there was something about you that just doesn't fit. You're so beautiful and elegant and kind. I know lots of girls are jealous of you because you're so pretty. But your story just..." She couldn't finished.
"Now you understand, Jane? Why I don't want to go back to them? I was hoping they'd forget about me and move on, but after yesterday..."
Jane laughed and wiped her eyes again. "Yeah, dear, after what I've seen yesterday, I don't think they've moved on. They made a big fuss out of the whole thing. Have you any idea how hard it was for the staff last night?"
"I'm so sorry," Sakura said. "Now I don't even know what to do with them. I mean do I go back and face them or do I just keep going on hiding from them? They've seen me. They know I live here in New York."
"What does your heart tell you?" Jane suddenly asked.
Sakura blinked and shook her head. "I don't know, Jane. I just don't know. A part of me want to go back. I've missed them so much. Daddy James and Mom Brenda. And the brothers. But then a part of me also didn't want to return because of what happened last year. Because of Alainna and Tara."
"To be honest, Sakura, I don't want to be in your position. In fact I'd hate to be in your position. But you have just got to move on. I mean, who gives a shit about Alainna and Tara? Pardon my German."
Sakura laughed. "Thank, Jane. But the walking the talk is a bit harder than talking the talk. Anyways, now that you're here, I need a favour from you."
"What?"
Sakura licked her lips and said, "The necklace and the gown."
Jane shot her brows up in shock and then looked heavenward. "Shit! I totally forgot about that. Of course the necklace and the gown."
"The thing is, Jane," Sakura said hesitantly, "the thing is, I've ripped the gown. It's kind of ruined."
"What?" Jane shrieked. "The gown is damaged?"