
A New Beginning

It was morning and the bright orange sun was just beginning to rise over the horizon. Sakura raised her face and breathed in the fresh air. When she opened her eyes again, she saw the Statue of Liberty and in the distance New York City.
Behind her, Ned folded his arms across his chest as he watched her, a smile on his face.
Toby, who was in Sakura's arms, licked her chin. She turned her attention to him then and smiled. "Look, Toby, our new home," she said, pointing to the city beyond. The dog barked happily, and she laughed.
Yes, she was heading to her new home and her new future. At that moment, the sun rose just above her, shining down on her, which gave her an orange picturesque beauty that if anyone cared to look would have taken their breath away.
Sakura felt at peace as her serene face gazed off into the distance. Now, she was no longer Sakura Princeton. From this day forward and beyond, she was Sakura Tanaka, and she so looked forward to her new future.
"Sebastian," she whispered softly under her breath. "Darcy, please forget Sakura Princeton because she no longer exists."
Sakura knew that eventually the two men would forget about her, forget about Sakura Princeton like they'd forgotten about her before. Soon their memories of her would fade and then completely disappear from their minds. Then one day, they would meet the wonderful women who surely deserved them. Sakura Princeton, however, was not that person. Sakura Princeton never was and never would be.
"I love you both," she whispered softly.
Sakura Tanaka smiled as she stroked her long hair back, her eyes gazing off to the horizon. "I'm looking forward to next spring. It will be so interesting," she said to herself.
* * *

NEW YORK CITY
One Year Later, Spring

Luke Hamilton waited nervously as he stared at the painting of some cherry trees that was placed proudly in the middle of the large gallery. He couldn't understand why his boss wanted this type of painting so badly. It was just a picture of cherry trees with some green land in the distance and beyond that, the pristine blue ocean and the azure sky above. It wasn't that interesting, yet Sebastian Princeton had wanted it. Well, not that Luke was complaining about coming here, of course. Even though he had no interest whatsoever in the paintings, he did have an interest in the painter herself. And now he stood waiting for her to materialize.
And materialize she did.
"Mr. Hamilton," she called out softly, which caused Luke's heart to flutter within his chest. Speaking of the angel, he thought and eagerly turned.
Oh, God! She really did take his breath away.
She stood before him now like a queen with her very refined figure. Actually, he should be referring to her as my lady because he thought this title suited her rather well. Especially when she was dressed like this, wearing her very elegant long skirt and a white blouse that covered up to her neck, which was of course lovingly and fashionably designed. God, she looked like a Victorian lady, so elegant and, bloody hell, like a very precious ornament that he couldn't afford to touch.
Today she had her long, ash brown curls loosely braided and resting over one shoulder. As he came closer, he noticed that today her eyes were two different colors again. Her left eye was an azure-blue color, bright and shinning just like the clear blue sky above New York City on this very fine spring day. Her right eye, on the other hand, was the color of the moon on a stormy night, a mauve-gray color that he'd never seen before on any person. No, he was lying there. He had actually seen that very same odd color on one particular person. He was the young, famous game creator Darcy Princeton, who every woman desired and wanted.