
The moment Sakura stepped out of the taxi, the world spun around her. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She knew she hadn't been feeling well for the past week. She had been a little more than just fatigue, and wondered if she was low in something and was very sick. Of course, the lack of sleep, long work hours, and her anxiety over the dramas at the gallery didn't help either.
Once the dizziness disappeared, she hastily made her way to the entrance of the apartment building and then to the elevator. Her mind was once again on Toby as the lift took her up to the second floor. She hoped that Akira had found the dog already. The thought of losing the little pup made Sakura feel even sicker than she already felt.
The door dinged and slid open. She stepped out and instantly felt as though something wasn't right. She paused, wondering what it could be.
Ignoring the odd feeling, she headed to the apartment. The moment she clicked the door open, she called out, "Akira?"
Silent greeted her. She blinked, feeling a little uneasy.
"Akira? It's me, Sakura. Are you here?" She put her bag and keys on the table by the door and headed toward the living area. "Toby?"
Finally, she heard an excited bark greeting her, and sighed in relief. "Akira, you've found Toby. Thank goodness."
She walked faster now, a smile on her face. She rounded the corner and then came to the door. The moment she stepped on the threshold, she came to a sudden halt and her smile disappeared.
Standing before her with his hand in the pocket of his trousers was Sebastian. She sucked in her breath, and suddenly, the dizziness blasted at her in full force.
Dreaming. I am dreaming. Sebastian can't be here. He can't be.
She shut her eyes and commanded herself to breathe slowly and deeply. When she opened her eyes again, he was still there. He had a haunted look about his face that hurt her heart. Suddenly, she simply want to throw herself into his arms and collapsed against him. She wanted to feel the warmth of him against her so bad that it hurt.
"Sakura," the voice that haunted her day and night called out to her.
She drifted her gaze to her right and found Darcy there. He, too, looked haunted, and his brooding feature was darker than ever. A gasped escaped her lips and her body trembled.
"It can't," she whispered.
A face appeared in front of her, which was followed by, "You're too pale, Sakura darling, and it's freaking me out."
It was Tristan who said those words, and Sakura blinked.
"Are you going to be sick?" Logan asked, sporting a worried look on his face.
Hayden rolled his eyes and said, "If you two bother to move back and let her enter the room-Shit!"
He didn't even finished the sentence before Sakura closed her eyes and started falling.
Sebastian got to her in a second flat, cradling her in his arms. He gently touched her face and swore under his breath. "She's cold," he said, a tremor in his voice that made his brothers worried.
Darcy felt his gut churning acid and came to kneel beside Sebastian. He touched her forehead and then stroke his fingers against his soft hair.
"Sakura," he said.
Sebastian glanced up at his brother and said, "We should get her comfortable."
At Darcy's nod, Sebastian lifted her up and carried her to the sofa. There, he laid her down and sat beside her, his hand stroking her face.