
His face was serious, and he hugged Toby tighter.
"Sakura," Sebastian said, noting that Conrad had gone silent. It only meant either one of two things: he was thinking deeply and seriously, or he was hurt emotionally.
She turned to him, tears in her eyes. He wiped the wetness with his thumb, her skin soft against his touch. Sakura shoved away his hand, furious at the whole situation.
"Please be careful from now on. We can't protect you-"
"No!" She cut him off. "I can look after myself. After all, I didn't have you guys to look after me when I was younger. I'm sure I won't die just yet. Now please leave because I'm tired and need to rest. And please tell Daddy James and Mom Brenda that I'm not feeling well. Good night."
She took Toby from Conrad and walked to the window, staring out, tears in her eyes.
Sebastian was pissed! Yes, he was pissed because he hadn't protected her when she was younger. He was pissed because she had been so used to being alone and dependent on herself that she didn't want his or his brothers' help. He was also pissed because she had called his parents Mom and Dad. Yes, technically they were her mom and dad, too. The truth was, however, he didn't want them to be her mom and dad and neither did he want her to be his adopted sister. The reason? Because-
Shit! Could he really deny this to himself? Could he? Why didn't he want her to be his adopted sister? Why didn't he want her to call his parents Mom and Dad? Why did it hurt him when she said that she, too, was his sister?
His heart still burning with pain and his head still pounding with confusion, he headed out the door.
Conrad got off the bed. He desperately wanted to hug her. He wanted to take her into his arms and tell her that everything was going to be all right. Yes, Conrad didn't care that he had to be her adopted brother. Nope, he didn't at all. All he knew was that he wanted to protect her. So he came up behind her and hugged her, his arms wrapping around her form.
"It's okay, Sakura," he whispered into her ear. "You can cry. It's only me here."
Sakura didn't need any more encouragement. Tears poured from her eyes, and her whole body trembled once again. Conrad stood there hugging her while she hugged Toby in her arms. When she had finally used up all her tears, she turned to him and gave him a weak smile.
"You're so nice to me, Conrad, even when you were very small. Your brothers ignored me, pretended I didn't exist. But you were different. You knew I was here. You secretly played with me when they weren't around, and I thank you for that."
Conrad gave her a smile. "Well," he began, his eyes twinkling, "I don't actually remember much of that."
She managed to laugh, and he liked that. Yes, he made her smile and that was enough for him. For now at least.
"Yes, it was because you were very small, so you wouldn't remember."
He wiped her tears from her cheeks and chuckled. "Like Darcy said, you need to look presentable for dinner."
"Do I have to go down?" she asked weakly.
"Are you afraid?"
Sakura automatically lifted her chin a notch higher. "No, I'm not afraid."
Conrad smiled. "Good. Then let's go." That said, he grabbed her hand and led her out the door.