
"Aside from that," Alaina said, "none of you are bringing any girls home to meet Mom and Dad?" She turned to Hayden. "Where's your girlfriend? What's her name? Judith or Julie or something?"
"We broke up," Hayden snapped.
"He got dumped." Tristan gladly offered. This of course welcomed a death-ray glare from Hayden.
"And you, Darcy?" Tara asked. "What about Kate?"
Darcy frowned at Tara, telling her to piss off and mind her own business.
Tara thought Darcy's dislike of her had grown even more in these past few years. This frustrated and pissed her off because she couldn't understand why he was like that toward her. These feelings multiplied since she had a big crush on him. Well, she couldn't help herself, and what woman could? Especially with him looking like that... with long, raven-black hair that he always wore tied back into a ponytail. Then there were those mauve-gray eyes of his, the type of color she'd never seen before on any person. Not to mention his tall, lean body-toned and well maintained via years of training and hard work. Any woman would want that particular body in her bed-Tara included.
"He got dumped." Tristan supplied.
Darcy grabbed a towel and threw it at Tristan. The force of the throw caused the towel to smack right on the side of Tristan's face. Instead of cursing, the older brother laughed and said, as he watched Darcy walking past him toward the stairs that'd lead him up to the high-diving platform above, "Get over it, Darcy boy. She'll come begging for you again like all of your other ex-girlfriends did."
Darcy was over it. He was simply sick of women smothering him with what they thought was love but was in fact lust, clinginess, and jealousy. When he'd started dating this last one, Kate Anderson, he hadn't known it was one of Alaina's friends. If he had known, he wouldn't have gone out with the damn woman in the first place. As a matter of fact, he hadn't had a choice since the beginning. Alaina had cunningly gotten him drunk, and the next thing he knew, he was in bed with Kate. The next day, she practically moved in with him.
Now he was only too glad to be rid of her. Well, more specifically, she had gotten rid of herself, since she hadn't been able to control herself from screwing another guy in their apartment, which he happened to witness by accident. Her reasoning? He hadn't had sex with her since that first night, and it had been five months. Then of course she had the gall to accuse him of being gay. He hadn't said a word-just coldly stared at her and then walked out again. The next day, he had texted her and told her it was over, and if she wanted to stay in the luxurious apartment, she could since he'd already paid the rent until the end of the year.
Now he felt as though a heavy burden had lifted off his chest. Standing there on the diving platform and gazing off into the endless blue horizon, he breathed in the salty ocean air. He closed his eyes, his handsome face serene, and then he jumped and expertly did a beautiful somersault as his body soared down into the pool below.
Tara and Alaina applauded after Darcy slipped into the water with barely a splash.
Logan said, "Who wants another drink?"
Most shook their heads, and Tara turned her attention to Sebastian, now rubbing his wet, blond mane with the towel. She admired his masculine body. She had to admit he had one of the best bodies she'd ever seen, with firm muscles and toned six-pack abs. What girl didn't want to run her fingers-oh ever so slowly-down those abs of his? And those azure-blue eyes, the color of the summer sky, so vibrant they took a girl's breath away.
She was sure if she dated him every woman would envy her. Of course, she was sure guys secretly envied him as well. Not to mention, he was very smart and rich and at only twenty-six years of age had accomplished so much. With his real estate business and investments going international, now he was planning to get another business up and running.