
Alexia's Note: I do apologize for update delay. I have been very busy with work and feel so tired that I didn't have time to write or edit any of my books. So sorry about that.  I am also very behind schedule where finishing books are concern and therefore release date for books will be delayed. Falling For Sakura A Secret Proposal is now over the word count that I have planned and it is taking me longer than expected to write. It's going to be a long book. Yikes!
Anyway, update should be on time again now ^_^
On to A Secret Proposal.
* * * * *
Sebastian wasn't behaving like himself since yesterday afternoon, and the rest of his brothers noticed. He looked deep in thought and more than a little concern about something that was eating at him. Naturally, the brothers wanted to know why.
"You look like you're worried you couldn't save the world," Tristan said across the table. "Come out with it, superman, what's bothering you?"
Sebastian diverted his attention from his smartphone, a dark frown on his face. Still no reply from Sakura. The fact was, her reaction yesterday made him feel sick with worry. She had looked like she had seen a ghost. God, how he wanted to protect her and make her feel safe. Above all, he wanted her to trust him. He wanted her to tell him what she was so afraid of that made her reacted the way she had done and ran off.
"It's Sakura," he said.
"What's wrong with her?" Darcy asked from the other side of the table. Sebastian noted the concern look on Darcy's face and the worried tremor in his voice.
"She didn't look well."
"What did Dave say is wrong with her?" Logan voiced beside him.
"Iron deficiency," Sebastian replied.
"Pretty common in young women." Nicolas stated from the head of the table.
"If you ask me, Sakura just simply doesn't eat right. She needs a man to take good care of her." Beth commented. She placed another plate of toast on the table. "Ah, poor girl. She's been through so much."
Conrad nodded. "Well, I'll volunteer to take care of her."
Tristan chuckled. "Bro, you're the baby of the house. First earn your place in the world and then think about trying to take care of a woman."
Conrad pulled his face. "As if you can do better. Can't even use a potato peeler."
Logan tried to hide his chuckle but failed miserably. He ended up laughing, which annoyed Tristan. Hayden looked heavenward and said, "So she has iron deficiency. But why are you so worried?"
"She looked like she saw a ghost yesterday. Her reaction scared me. It still makes me sick with worry thinking about it."
"How about we drop by and ask how she is before going to work?" Conrad suggested.
"Don't be rude," Tristan muttered. "You can't just knock on Lady Haruka's door and barge in to see how Sakura is doing."
"Sure can," Conrad said, glaring at his brother.
Tristan threw his hands up in frustration. He turned to the eldest for support. "Nicolas, talk sense to your baby brother."
"I phoned and texted Sakura, but she wouldn't pick up or reply," Sebastian said. "That's why I'm even more worried."
Darcy turned his attention to the eldest brother. "Nicolas, why don't you give Sosuke a buzz and ask him how she is?"
"Good idea," Sebastian said.