
"Surely you have a backup, right?" Conrad, the youngest of the brothers, put in calmly from the other side of the pool.
"Of course, but-"
"Ah." Logan butted in, putting down his martini. "Girlfriends."
"What?" Sebastian snapped. He was at his limit and was ready to throw at least one of them into the ocean, and that person was preferably Tristan who was smiling cheekily on the other side of the pool a good distance away.
Tristan knew he was in trouble, and it was best for him to keep out of reach since Sebastian had very powerful fists. After all, Tristan had seen too many times to count when perfectly good-looking faces got restructured into very distorted ones with a few of Sebastian's mighty punches. Of course, Tristan didn't want his gorgeous face to be ruined, and what would he do without his handsome face and flirty smile? The girls wouldn't bed him, that was for sure, and Tristan would be very devastated indeed.
"He's pissed because all his girlfriends' photos are ruined," Logan said matter-of-factly, emphasizing the word girlfriends as plural.
"Don't be ridiculous!" Sebastian replied. Though he had to admit it was losing the photos that really pissed him off since he hadn't backed up some of the most recent ones on his hard drive.
"I didn't know you had a girlfriend, Sebastian," Tara said, sitting across from him, her long, slender body posing elegantly on the poolside lounge. She knew she looked enticing wearing a two-piece bikini that barely covered her hot body, and she knew the brothers liked looking at her. Oh hell! Who didn't want a body like hers? Even women envied her for her figure.
She tossed her long hair, dyed platinum blond ever since it turned brown years ago, over her shoulder and leaned toward Sebastian-the brother she'd always wanted. Only, so far, she'd never been able to grab his attention let alone his interest in her as a woman. In fact, all the brothers had always treated her like a sister, like they treated Alaina, which annoyed the hell out of her.
"He doesn't," Alaina butted in, pulling her slender body out of the water. She grabbed a towel resting on the side of the pool, wrapped it around her, and sat down beside Tara. "My poor brothers," she said. "When will you all get a nice girl and settle down? Aside from you, of course, Conrad, since you're still too young."
Conrad snorted at his sister to show her his annoyance and returned his attention to his tablet, playing the new, not-yet-released zombie game Hayden and Darcy had given him as a trial from their video game company, HD Game, Inc., which they had built themselves from scratch a year ago.
"Don't feel sorry for me, Alaina. I'm not ready to get tied down yet." Nicolas chuckled. "I like my freedom." He took a sip of his cocktail and then relaxed back on the poolside divan, gazing up at the sky above. "Twenty-eight is still too young to settle down," he murmured to himself.
"What about Dad's offer?" Darcy asked.
Nicolas raised his brows.
"Didn't he want you to take over Princeton Group?" Sebastian queried. "He's ready to retire."
Nicolas sighed. Of course, all the brothers knew their dad had been asking him to take over the business, but Nicolas didn't feel he was ready to take on such a big job as CEO of their family empire, the Princeton Group-aside from the fact that he had three of his own businesses to take care of, even though they were mostly online and his employees were outsourced.
"I've been thinking about it for a while now," he said. "I'll take a look at it this spring and decide then."