
"Is she unwell?" Conrad asked, hugging Toby tightly against his chest as he hovered behind Sebastian.
"Move back," Nicolas ordered. "Give her some room." He turned to Akira who looked as pale a ghost. A very beautiful one at that. "Do you have smelling salt or anything?"
Akira nodded and rushed off to find the thing.
Darcy, who was kneeling on the floor beside Sakura, grabbed her hand and said, "She's too cold."
Akira returned just then, and handed Sebastian the smelling salt.
"I thought she didn't look very well this morning," she said. "Maybe she's working too hard. I mean here with Oba-chan and at the gallery as well."
Nicolas turned his eyes to her and said, "If you thought she wasn't well and she was working too hard, why didn't you help her out?"
Akira face reddened and she snapped back, "I did. I was helping out at the gallery during the day whilst she works here for Oba-chan."
Tristan wasn't happy that their eldest scold at the pretty model. He gave Nicolas a dark frown before turning his attention to Akira. "You're good friend, Akira-chan," he said, smiling at her. Akira grinned back at the brother, which annoyed Nicolas.
It was a few moments later when Sakura opened her eyes. She stirred, and her gazed focused on Sebastian once again. He gave out a little chuckle.  "Is that how you greet us, Sakura?"
Sakura blinked, very aware that Sebastian was so close to her and he was stroking her forehead and the tendrils of her hair. She tried to move but realized that someone was holding onto her hand, tight. She turned her gaze and saw Darcy.
"Rest, Sakura, you're unwell," he said softly.
A lumped formed in her throat and tears welled in her eyes. Darcy. My dear Darcy. The words echoed within her head. She closed her eyes and the salty drops rolled down her cheeks.
Tristan said, "Happy tears." In which case, Logan gave him a good jabbed in the stomach with his elbow.
Toby chose that moment to bark out at his master. Conrad put him down on the floor, and the dog eagerly went to Sakura. Sebastian grabbed the dog and rested the pup on his lap, so that Sakura could stroke him.
"You're safe," she said softly. "I was so worried."
"I think he was looking for us," Conrad said. "I wear I heard him barking for the past two weeks."
"Sorry, Conrad, for not believing you," Tristan said.
Sakura blinked, and once again, tried to sit up. Sebastian wouldn't let her, however. She obeyed him, sine she felt dizzy the moment she lifted her head.
"You brothers live here in this building?" she asked curiously.
"Yep," Hayden answered. "The penthouse."
The news didn't sit well with Sakura. So the Dragon and his brothers Akira usually referred to the people living up on the top floor was Nicolas and his brothers, the Princetons, her ex-adopted siblings. No wondered Toby kept wanting to go up there.
"Anybody want some tea?" Akira asked the brothers. "Sakura-chan, I'll tell the housekeeper to make you some chicken soup. I think it's a good idea you go and see a doctor. I mean you've got the photoshoot this coming week and we don't want you to tire yourself out."
"Thanks, Akira" Sakura said. "I'll make an appointment tomorrow."