
"You're back!" he said with a big grin on his face.
Sakura tousled his dark hair and chuckled. "I haven't been away that long at all. I didn't know you'd miss me that much."
"I really missed you," the boy said with the biggest, fattest grin on his face.
"All right," Sakura said. "Shall we find a table to sit?"
"Yes," the boy said, finally letting go. "Just you and me."
"And what about me?" Mary interrupted. "So you didn't miss me?"
The boy chuckled. "I missed you, Mary. Just not that much, though."
Mary laughed. "Well, if you must know, Michael, I didn't miss you that much either."
The brothers, by this point, wanted to know who the boy was.
"And us?" Nicolas asked the boy.
The boy sucked in his breath and froze in his place as he stared up at Nicolas.
"James?" he shrieked. "What have you done? You look so young."
The brothers took the opportunity to laugh at Nicolas. The eldest brother wasn't pleased with their behavior and gave them a good scowl.
"I'm Nicolas," he said to the boy. "I'm James's son, the oldest one."
Michael stared wide-eyed at the seven brothers. "All seven of you are here!" he said in awe. "Mom is going to be so pleased. Come on, I'll find a table for us."
With that the boy led them by taking Sakura's hand to the long table by the window that had a great view of the ocean beyond. The brothers took their seats around the table while Michael made sure Sakura sat next to him.
Tristan said loudly, "You have competition, Conrad. Better work harder."
At this the brothers laughed again, and Conrad muttered something under his breath. Just then a pretty brown-haired and green-eyed young woman came to their table. Sakura got up and gave her a hug, which caused the brothers to wonder who this woman was.
"Hey," Sakura said.
"Hey," the woman replied. Then she moved over to hug Mary.
"I'll definitely come over tonight to try on that dress. Peter and Richard are arriving this afternoon, right?"
Mary nodded. Then she turned to the brothers. "Boys," she said, "this is Katherine Hodge. She's my maid of honor, and Michael's stepmom, by the way."
"She's a great mom," Michael said. "And I love her very much."
Sakura tousled his hair again. "Yes, she is a great mom."
"I'm so sorry, guys, but we've been flat out today, and we're also short staffed."
"No worries," Mary said, putting her hand up. "I'll help." With that, she got up and headed toward the kitchen as if she knew what she was doing.
"Thanks, Mary. You don't have to," Katherine said, running after her friend.
Sakura saw no other option once they were left alone. No one was going to take their orders, so she stood up and asked the brothers what they wanted.
"Are you going to be our waitress?" Darcy asked. There was a surprised look in his eyes that Sakura couldn't quite miss.
"Yes, I am," she replied nicely. "Why?"
"Nothing," he said, looking away.