
"What are looking at?" Sebastian asked, curious.
"There's someone there," Darcy said, nodding his head in the direction of the door. Sebastian flicked his gaze there and narrowed his eyes. Suddenly, in the darkness, they saw a shadow of a girl running across. In a flash, both Sebastian and Darcy took off, feet pounding against the lawn. Nicolas was just behind them. Around the corner, they saw the light figure of a girl exit another door.
"Who was that?" Nicolas asked.
"Don't know!" Darcy shouted.
"Why the heck is she running away?" Sebastian muttered.
"Why the heck are we chasing her?" Nicolas asked no one in particular, rounding another corner. They were rushing down the stairs, two steps at the time, and then out through a door when—
Bang!
Nicolas found himself colliding against a small, soft body. He caught her by the waist before they both could fall to the hard floor below. They spun and then he fell on his back, his bottom slamming hard on the polished marble floor.
Nicolas stared hard at Akira in his arm, his large hand intimately cupping his backside. The man was too shock to find such a pretty woman in his arms that he didn't bother to let her go, or that she was blushing from head to toe and that his brothers were staring at him with an amused smile on their faces.
Akira pushed herself back and said, "Nicolas, get your hands off my ass!"
Her loud noise got through his fogged mind and he quickly released his hands. Akira quickly stood up and said, "Whey the hell did you run into me for?"
"It was only you?" Nicolas asked, perplex.
"Of course it was me," Akira snapped. She turned her attention to Sebastian and Darcy and said, "Sorry."
"It's all right," Sebastian said.
"Are you all right?" Darcy asked.
Akira straightened her dress and nodded. "Yes, I'm fine thanks." She turned to Nicolas and said, "And no thanks to you."
She turned on her heels and walked down the hallway. Halfway, she said, "Goodnight."
With the brothers' nods, she turned again and disappeared around the corner.
"What happened?" Conrad demanded the moment Nicolas, Sebastian, and Darcy stepped into the living area a few minutes later.
"It was Akira," Nicolas said.
"You mean there was someone outside our garden," Tristan queried with a raised brows.
"I think so," Nicolas replied, a sour look on his face.
"Are you sure it was Akira and not Toby?" Conrad asked again, just to be sure. Logan and Tristan looked heavenward, as if anyone would have mistaken the international supermodel Akira to that of a little dog.
"But why did she run?" Darcy questioned no one in particular.
Tristan had a very logical answer to that. "It's Nicolas's fault. He growled at her the last time she came up to explore the garden."
"Did you?" Sebastian turned to their eldest brother.
"Yes, I did," Nicolas muttered. "Why the heck did she have to run away? I did tell her to come again any time she wanted to."
"Well," Logan put in, pouring himself a cup of Beth's tasteless coffee. "You were such a dragon to her the other day."