
In fact, Sakura did not know that Sebastian was following her. He had spotted her heading out into the woods when she left the house and had desperately wanted to go to her and explain what happened back at the pool. Now, however, he found he didn't have the guts to talk to her, knowing very well she didn't want anything to do with him. Thus, he stayed back, following her silently like he always had when they were children.
Still oblivious to Sebastian tailing her, Sakura came to the biggest cherry tree on the island. It was her tree, the one she'd planted with Ned when she was little. It had now grown to a massive height, and the flowers bloomed beautifully. She couldn't help herself and took picture after picture. Once she thought she had enough, she sat underneath it, her back resting against the big trunk.
She sighed, inhaling the scent of spring air. Then she brought the camera up and started flicking through the photos, smiling with satisfaction as she inspected each one in turn.
Alone, she set down the camera and gazed across the distance. It was peaceful and beautiful here, and it helped her forget about everything.
Yes, she'd miss this place dearly once she was gone, and she felt rather sad about that. Slowly she closed her eyes, and it wasn't long before she actually fell asleep, smiling, thinking about her mother, the woman whose name was Haruka Tanaka.
* * *
"Snow," the word formed softly between Darcy's lips as he gazed down at Sakura from where he was on the top tree branch. She looked just like Snow White lying there under the cherry tree.
He'd come here to get away from everyone, to be alone, to think, to ease his desire and passion for his adopted sister. Then once he found the tree, he thought it was a perfect spot for him. He'd been sitting on the third branch, hiding amongst the cloud of pink flowers, thinking about Sakura. He'd almost fallen asleep when she had announced her presence with her soft footsteps and the clicks of her camera. He hoped she wouldn't capture him amongst the cherry blossoms in her photos. Then when she sat down and fell asleep, he admired her. Here he had her all to himself. Here he could watch her forever-at least until she woke up.
He climbed down the tree and moved gently and quietly toward her so he wouldn't wake her. He came to sit beside her. Dear Lord, he thought, she looks so innocent and beautiful. He couldn't help himself and brushed the back of his knuckles against her cheek.
She groaned.
His stomach flipped.
"Snow needs to be woken up with a kiss," he whispered. Then before he could stop himself, he gently touched his lips to hers. She was soft and warm against him. She groaned again, and Darcy couldn't stop himself from kissing her more passionately as he brushed his tongue against her slightly parted lips. He dug his fingers deep into her thick hair, marveling at her sweetness.
Oh shit! He wanted her. The thought of last night came to him in full force.