
"What labor are you talking about?" Logan asked, then sipped his standard coffee.
"We're going out today to do bride-to-be stuff," Mary said.
"Which is?" Hayden put in.
"Confirm the bouquets for me, the bride-to-be, the maid of honor, Katherine, and of course, the very lovely bridesmaid Sakura."
"You're going to be a bridesmaid?" Darcy asked. His tone of voice indicated that he was none too pleased.
Sakura was taken aback. "She's one of my best friends. Of course I'm going to be her bridesmaid."
The brothers nodded. But of course they didn't know the girls were best friends nor that Sakura was going to be a bridesmaid. Hence, they wondered who the groomsmen were and wondered if the bridesmaids and groomsmen had to dance together.
"Who are the groomsmen?" Nicolas asked, as if sensing what all his brothers were thinking.
"My brother Richard, and of course Peter's best friend Jack," Mary said.
The brothers seemed to sigh with relief. They knew Jack Donaldson was already married, and therefore, Sakura wasn't in danger there. And of course, Richard was Mary's older brother and was a family member, which meant no danger there either.
"Why are you all so tense?" Mary asked. Then she thought to add, "I didn't know any of you wanted to be Peter's groomsmen."
This was followed by guilty looks and an uncomfortable cough from Tristan.
"Aha!" Mary slammed her palm on the tabletop, causing all eyes to turn on her. "You feel guilty, don't you?" she said. "You're all guilty you haven't helped out. With my wedding, I mean."
Conrad laughed uneasily. "Kind of," he said. "We haven't really done anything, have we?"
"Of course not," Mary said, folding her arms across her chest. "It's a bit too late now."
"So," Logan said. "What's the flavor of your cake?"
Mary cocked her head to one side. "Ah, that." It was her turn to laugh uncomfortably. "I haven't chosen it yet."
"What?" Conrad and Logan shouted out in unison.
"You left it until this late?" Nicolas asked.
"Well, not that late. I just need to choose the flavor. Can't decide. That's why Sakura is coming with me today to help choose. Mrs. Waterhouse is baking us some to try."
"I'll be too happy to help you choose," Tristan said from across the table.
All his brothers eyed him with suspicion.
"I'll help, too," Conrad said. "I love cake. Nothing better than free cakes."
"Hum," Logan said, "maybe I should help, too."
"Count me in," Nicolas said. "Chocolate is my favorite."
Sakura wasn't pleased with the way things were going. She glanced from one brother to the others, wondering why they wanted to help out, and tasting cake of all things.
"Hold on," Sakura said. "There isn't enough room in my car."
"I'll drive." Sebastian offered.
"Huh?" Sakura blinked several times.
"Hold on! Wait a minute!" Mary intervened, half-standing. She looked from one brother to the others and said, "You all want to help me taste and choose my wedding cake?"
The brothers nodded in unison.