
Calamity

James eyed Beth's standard coffee warily and wondered where Sakura had gone off to. He needed her delightful, full-flavored, aromatic coffee-not this tasteless, muddy-black water that didn't deserve to be called coffee.
Beth saw the sour look on his face and said, "I'm sorry, Mr. Princeton, but Sakura isn't here. My standard coffee it is this afternoon."
"Where is she?" James demanded, scowling darkly. "I thought she would have been back by now."
Brenda, who was sitting beside him, knew her husband was having his craving once again. She chuckled and said, "James, do control yourself. Your sons are here after all. I'm sure Sakura will make you a cup after dinner."
James didn't like the sound of that. Dinner was still four hours away, too long for him. He turned to Mary, who was busy going through the many suitcases that Richard and Peter had brought along from New York. Katherine was beside her, also searching through the mountain of interesting contents that were for the wedding.
Mary glanced up in time to see her uncle addressing her. "Don't look at me," she said, shrugging her shoulders. "Ask your sons. She was with them the last time I saw her."
James glanced over at his sons. Darcy didn't pay them any attention. He seemed to be lost in his own world as he stood there by the window, gazing out as though he were expecting someone. Conrad was sitting on the sofa, also facing the window. He is rather quiet today, James thought with concern. He wondered what was on his youngest son's mind.
Nicolas was on the other side of the room, chatting with Richard and Peter. Little Michael, who had taken a real liking to Nicolas, was with them.
Tristan, Logan, and Hayden were on the sofa to the left side near James. Logan was eyeing the coffee with distaste. Hayden was biting his fingernails. And Tristan looked as though he were pissed about something but tried very hard to hide it.
James was very concerned indeed, because his sons were behaving very oddly. First, Hayden only bit his fingernails when he was upset or worried, and this was the first time in years James had seen his son bite his fingernails. Second, Logan had always been the happy-go-lucky type, but this afternoon he didn't look happy-go-lucky at all. In fact, he looked worried. And thirdly, Tristan was the devil-may-care type, and now he too looked worried.
Only Alaina and Tara, who were sitting on the other side of the room sipping their coffees, seemed their usual selves.
"Well, Tristan?" James voiced, causing Tristan to jolt back to reality.
"What?" he asked.
"Sakura. Where is she?"
Tristan scowled then-darkly-as if her very name bothered the hell out of him. "The last time I knew, Sakura was with Sebastian." Then he added coldly, "He stole her away."
Logan scowled. "Sebastian stole her away? Sebastian again, eh?"
Tara choked on the hot coffee she was drinking the moment she heard Sebastian's name. She coughed loudly, and after she'd managed to compose herself, she muttered under her breath. Alaina glanced over at her adopted sister with concern.
"Speak of the devil," Conrad said, stood up, and rushed out the door.
Darcy watched from the window as the motorcycle and its riders came to a stop at the front of the house. He fisted his hands as he watched Sakura taking off her helmet. She was about to walk to the house when Sebastian caught her wrist and pulled her back to him. He was still holding on to her hand as he spoke to her, which really bothered Darcy. What was even worse was the fact that Sebastian was smiling as he was talking. From Sebastian's stance, the way his brother turned his torso toward Sakura, Darcy knew Sebastian was interested in Sakura personally. What really bothered Darcy was the fact that Sakura was responding, even if she didn't know it herself. From the looks of things, the two had come-to what?To an understanding? Something more?