
Many times after her marriage, Haruka had doubted her decision. Perhaps she should have confronted her family and kept her daughter. She, however, had been too weak. Now, her daughter was nowhere to be found. She hadn't a clue where else to look as the old Queen Mary Orphanage had burnt down seven years after that fateful spring day when she had left Sakura on the door step. All records of the children's had been destroyed in the flame and most of the children had been adopted. She knew Sakura had been one of them.
Who could have adopted Sakura? Where would she be living now?
Her beloved daughter Sakura would be turning twenty-five years old today.
Oh, how her heart ached.
"Sakura, where are you?" she murmured under her breath as she watched the petals of cherry blossoms raining down on her. She reached her hand to catch some, brought them lovingly to look closer, and gently stroked the petals, tears brewing in her eyes.
"Mono no aware," a manly voice said softly.
Haruka turned to see the young, handsome, wealthy real estate billionaire Sebastian Princeton standing not too far away, his eyes on the cherry blossom tree in full bloom of pink clouds behind her. He had a faraway look in his azure-blue eyes she knew spoke of lost, of beautiful memories long gone. Now he was reminded of those unforgettable memories and it pained him, as it pained her. Had he lost his loved one, too, she wondered, and felt sadden at the thought.
"It's beautiful," he said, closing his eyes and inhaling the sweet scent. Instantly, it reminded him of the woman he loved, the woman named Sakura, and his heart ached.
"Mono no aware," Haruka said, nodding her head. "You understand its meaning."
Sebastian opened his eyes. Before him, he saw his new tenant from Japan who had moved into this very luxurious private apartment on the upper east side of Manhattan three months ago with her small family. Haruka, Sebastian thought, was one very traditional Japanese woman all right, for he had never seen her dressed in anything else except yukata. This one was very beautiful indeed, with purple and white flowers. Her feature was soft and had very little lines, telling him that although she was middle-aged, she had looked after her skin very well.
Sebastian liked to visit Haruka. He liked to talk to her because she was always so soft spoken and so philosophical. Then there was also the fact that Haruka reminded him so much of Sakura, and he'd do anything to remind himself of her.
He came to sit beside her and said, "Someone told me."
"A woman?" Haruka couldn't help asking. There was a lovely ring of teasing in her voice that Sebastian didn't miss.
Sebastian nodded without hesitation.
"Is she beautiful?"
Again Sebastian nodded. "The most beautiful being I've ever seen."
Haruka smiled. "You love her?"
Sebastian frowned and his face darkened.
Haruka noticed. "I apologize, Sebastian-san. I did not mean to ask you such personal question." She stood, her hands folded politely in front of her as she bowed her head apologetically. "Please, forgive me."
Sebastian shook his head. "There is nothing to forgive. I've come to see how you are settling in the apartment. Please, if you needed anything, just inform the manager Mr. Smith. He'll take care of everything."