
Yes, he was a monster. He was a heartless, malicious monster who didn't deserve her love or kindness.
Darcy's whole body shuddered in anguish and tears burned within his eyes.
* * *
Thirteen Years Ago, Summer
Thirteen-year-old Sebastian was watching Sakura from afar, and like always, she was alone with a book. He suspected it must be Shakespeare. She was sitting under the magnolia tree now, reading. Sebastian stayed back, watching her, marveling at the glossy black hair, the porcelain skin, and the ruby lips. Every time he had managed to get close to her, he stared at her eyes, those beautiful eyes that seemed to always pull him into a deep, dark pool of mystery and intrigue.
He had seen Hayden dragging her out the other night, for what Hayden would call borrowing a motorbike. That really pissed him off because he didn't want Hayden to get Sakura into trouble. And trouble he did get her into because he had crashed the bike and had gotten grounded. What really pissed Sebastian off even more was the fact that Hayden had believed Tara and Alaina's lies that it had been Sakura who had told on him. Now Hayden really hated Sakura.
Then there were Tristan and Logan. His stupid teenage brothers had a bet on who would get to kiss Sakura first. He suspected they hadn't had enough kisses yet from those silly, eager teenage girls from New York who would only be too pleased to let the boys take their virginities. Sebastian knew Tristan did get to kiss Sakura, albeit only on the cheek and in which case she had slapped him really hard afterward. Tara had seen, of course, got really jealous, and told James, who grounded both Tristan and Logan for a month. This only led to the boys despising Sakura even more, believing Sakura was the real bitchy adopted sister Tara and Alaina had constantly told them about. Though to be honest, Sebastian was glad his brothers now left Sakura alone.
He watched her closing the book then running her fingers through her long hair. She got up and slowly made her way across the sandy beach to the rocky cliff by the sea. There she stood, gazing across at the ocean beyond.
Sebastian watched her, his heart aching for her-for her loneliness and for her sadness.
He didn't know how it happened. Perhaps he'd been too engrossed in watching Sakura that he didn't know Tara and Alaina were there until they were behind Sakura. Alaina had her left arm in a sling since she'd broken it after she'd fallen from the tree house, which he was told Sakura had pushed her off. Sebastian knew it was bullshit. He knew Tara and Alaina lied. But then again, Darcy wouldn't lie. Darcy never lied, and so he wasn't sure.
He made his way across to get closer, to hear what they were saying because he was curious. He also felt as though something wasn't right. He didn't know why, but he had to. It was stupid to spy on your own siblings, but he just had to.
"See what you did, you bitch?" Tara shouted. "You pushed poor Alaina out of the tree house, and now look at her arm. It's broken!"
"You have to pay, you bitch!" Alaina yelled, pointing a finger at Sakura.
"But I didn't," Sakura said, moving backward as they advanced toward her, her legs inches from the edge of the cliff. "I didn't push you off."
"Stop arguing and just go and die!" Alaina screamed. "No one wants you here. No one!"
"You're better off dead anyway," Tara shouted, her face red.
"You have to pay for what you did to me," Alaina said. "Now go and die!"
Sebastian watched in horror as Alaina pushed Sakura back then, with all her might, shoved Sakura into the sea. "Just die already!" she screamed.