
After saying good-bye to Ned, Sakura lied to Beth that she was hungry and thus had her dinner in the kitchen before everyone else.
"Tell Mom Brenda and Daddy James I've already had mine," she said, heading out the door. "I'm going straight to bed now."
"But it's only six o'clock," Beth argued.
"Yes, I know, but I'm tired," she said, hiding a smile. "Good night, Beth."
"I swear to you, Sakura, you're very odd these days. Eating and sleeping at the oddest hours," Beth mumbled to herself.
Sakura rushed to her room, trying very hard to hide her amusement. After browsing the Internet and doing a bit of research on apartments in New York, she did feel rather tired and went to lie down on her bed. She patted Toby as she closed her eyes, slowly falling asleep.
When she woke up next, it was past midnight. The house was so quiet that she could hear her own heartbeat in her ears. No longer tired, she felt rather restless and wondered what she should do. Then she thought of something. She'd go down and practice her floating. Then the thought of Sebastian and Tara flashed into her mind. She cursed under her breath.
Stop thinking about him, Sakura. You've got to stop. He's a stupid man anyway.
She couldn't find her swimsuit anywhere and cursed fluently this time as Ned had taught her to. Fifteen minutes later, she gave up and headed out the door anyway. She came down to the indoor pool area and found it was very quiet. The whole place, however, wasn't at all dark, and she decided she wouldn't switch on the light.
Decision made, she headed straight to the pool, took off her clothes and left only her bra and panties on. Slowly, she lowered herself into the water. It was warm. She sighed in relief. When she realized she didn't drown, she giggled. Yes! She was floating.
Happily, she floated her way around the pool. Now and again, she'd open her eyes and stare up at the high ceiling. She marveled at the beautiful prism of white and blue the water made on the wall. On the other side, the moon was bright and high above, shinning in through the skylight. It was beautiful. She couldn't believe she'd never done this before.
She was back at the edge of the pool now, her eyes closed as she was floating there, not thinking about anything at all. That was when she heard footsteps coming in. She flashed her eyes open and held her breath.
The footsteps were quite heavy. Could it be one of the brothers? What? At this time of night?
The footsteps were getting closer and closer. Then she heard the person climbing up the ladder. Darcy? She looked up at the figure at the top of the high diving platform but only saw a dark shadow. Then she heard the board squeaking and then she saw the figure of a man jumping off and then-
Splash!
Sakura searched around as the person disappeared underwater. Perhaps she should take the chance and run off. After all, it wasn't like whoever it was knew she was here anyway.
Nodding at that decision, she was about to turn but felt somebody in the water in front of her. Then an enormous body popped up, his massive chest pressing against her so she was imprisoned against the wall of the pool.
Sakura gasped, and her heart thumped hard in her chest as she stared at the huge silhouette before her. The strong face was above her, water dripping, caressing it.