
"Thanks for taking me to see the doctor," she said quietly some moment later up at the apartment. Then before he could say anything further, she shut the door, leaving Sebastian frown darkly with concern.
In her bedroom, Sakura locked the door, as if she was afraid someone would break in, and then threw herself on her bed. She laid there, her body shaking uncontrollably as she stared in space. In her mind's eyes, she was that child once again, living in Queen Mary Orphanage, being tortured and bullied, by none other than Mrs. Byrd, the orphanage head mistress.
Sakura fisted her hands tight. No. No. Surely, she must have been hallucinating. Mrs. Byrd had died in the fire that night eighteen years ago. She couldn't have been alive. The woman she had bumped into, the woman who looked so much like Tara, could not be Mrs. Byrd. Her mind, however, was adamant that who she had just seen was Mrs. Byrd. After all, how could she forget the woman who had tortured her day and day out? The woman who made her suffer since she was a little girl. Even though eighteen years had passed.
"No," Sakura whispered. "I won't believe it. You died that night. I knew you died." But as Sakura tried to convince herself that, she knew that the woman she had bumped into was Mrs. Byrd. She knew also that what she had seen that night eighteen years ago was true—that Mrs. Byrd had intentionally burnt the orphanage down and escaped into the darkness. Mrs. Byrd was still alive and living a very happy and rich life.
* * * * *


Julie Clark, known previously as Margaret Byrd, banged the door shut and rested her head against the frame. Her heart was still pumping loud and fast as she took in shaky breaths. She hadn't been this scared or so pissed off since the day she had discovered her husband with another woman. Since that night she had victoriously escaped that disastrous place of an orphanage on St. Joseph Island, she had thought she had put the past behind her. After all, she deserved to enjoy her life to the fullest. Of course she had been doing just that for the past eighteen years. But the sight of that distasteful girl, Sakura, now fully grown and too beautiful for her liking that it made her sick to the stomach, made her past returned to haunt her.
With her heart finally slowed down to its normal rhythm and her mind cleared, as she gazed long and hard at the luxury that surrounded her. Her apartment was tastefully decorated with the lasts fashion and design, with no expense to spare. She was rich, with a prosperous business of her own. She was surrounded by men who adored her. Of course most just wanted to fuck with her girls, but she didn't mind that. Those girls were working for her, after all, and the men grew her business with their limitless money and unsatisfied lust.
With a deep sigh, she barged into her large bedroom that overlooked central park. She thrust the closet open and searched for the old box that she had hidden way at the back. When she pulled them out, she eyed the thing with disgust. Why didn't I throw the thing away? Why didn't I?
She unlocked the small chest and flicked it open. There, she stared long and hard at the countless letters with beautiful, clean handwriting, signed with love by the name Haruka Tanaka. Amongst those were receipt of checks; ranging between fifty grand to over a few hundred. Money Julie herself had deposited into her private account, which amounted to just over two million by the time she had left St. Joseph Island to start a new life for herself.
"I've looked after the little bitch for seven years," she muttered under her breath. "I deserved those money."
Angrily, she slammed the box shut and busied herself hiding it away back in the back of the closet. "Tara," she said, searching for her cell phone. With hands shaking, she dialed her daughter's number and waited. After a few rings, the voice of Tara came through.