
The man turned to her, his yes dark and intense on her. Still unsmiling, he said, "I don't have a lot of time. Please hurry."
Melissa was taken aback. Oh for goodness sake's! It was a bloody Saturday. What was he in such a hurry for? Obviously something very important, such as a party or something, considering the fact that he was dressed for one. Shit! That suit would probably cost as much as her entire year of salary.
Melissa cleared her throat and said, "I'm sorry, sir, but I need confirmation of your identity." She secretly smiled. Now I get to know who you are, you hot thing.
"Is this some type of bar or something? Will a driver license do?" he asked, his dark brows rose.
Melissa blushed. "No sir, but we do get some weirdo coming in and claiming to have bought a painting but it was for someone else you see and, erm, naturally we don't want that to happen again."
"I see," the man said. He took out a receipt from his pocket and gave it to her.
Melissa glanced at the receipt, recognized the costumer's numbers, and gasped. "I'm sorry, sir, but you're our regular." She glanced up, her eyes large. So this was the man who had always bought Sakura's photographs and paintings, eh? Shit! He was totally hot. And Melissa was rather glad Sakura had already left for the day, and therefore, couldn't meet this piece of dreamer.
"I'm not. I'm picking it up for my brother," he said.
Melissa sighed with relief. Thank God, she thought, because that meant that he shouldn't be back here to see Sakura. She grinned and said, "I'm sorry, sir, I do still need to see your identification. Just to confirm, if you know what I mean."
"Yeah," he said, took his wallet out, and showed her his ID.
Melissa looked closely and said under her breath, "Darcy Princeton." God, it suited him, she thought, and smiled pleasantly. "Thanks," she said. 'I'll just go and get that painting now." She headed over to the back of the gallery, making sure that her backside, which was nicely on display wearing the tight pencil shirt, swayed elegantly.
Darcy wasn't paying attention to the brunette floozy who he found rather irritating and turned to marvel at the paintings that were surrounding him instead. Most were of cherry blossom trees in full bloom and some were of birds. He glanced at his watch to make sure he wasn't running late and then turned to scan the other side of the gallery, having nothing else to do. That was when he saw the painting of the cherry blossom tree. His heart skipped a beat and then continued beating furiously. His stomach fluttered and his whole body tense. He couldn't help himself and strode over briskly to take a closer look at the painting.
There, resting against the wall was the painting ofthe cherry blossom tree that reminded him of the cherry blossom tree on St. JosephIsland; the tree he had kissed Sakura under.
Suddenly it all came back to him.

Darce! My dear Darce!
Little Darcy saw the long, dark hair flying, the pale hand reaching out to him, and the pretty face laughing.
"You can't catch me," she sang sweetly as she ran away from him amongst the tall grass.
"Snow!" he shouted, racing after her, lost in the tall grass. "Snow? Where are you? I'll find you soon. I won't lose you."
"Really?" she giggled from afar, her voice light and echoing all around him. "You don't even know where I am."