
"Holy shit, Sakura!" Mary laughed. "What the heck is wrong with your life? It's like a soap opera or something."
"Yeah, well," Sakura said, getting off the bed and heading out the door. "Welcome to my life."
"Let me tell you something, Sakura," Mary said.
"What?" Sakura asked. She was at the hallway now. She cocked her head and turned the corner into the living room. She frowned. Odd, she could still smell cologne. That unique musky smell that she found oddly soothing and alluring.
She came to lay on the sofa and rest her long legs on top of the couches back.
"The brothers are going to find you sooner rather than later."
Sakura paused at this and asked, "What do you mean? Just because they've seen me on Saturday night doesn't mean they could easily find me in this beautiful city with more than three million people in it."
Mary laughed. "Well, did I tell I have physic power?"
Toby suddenly appeared at the door. Sakura called out to him with her hand as invitation. The dog gladly came running to her and hoped onto her belly. Sakura stroked him as Toby make himself comfortable.
"No you didn't, and I know you don't, Mary."
Sakura heard a big hump. "Well, that was a good try, though. Oh, Sakura, when am I ever going to see you? I want to see you. Can't we just meet somewhere?"
Sakura blinked and it hit her. She sat up so fast it made her dizzy. "I know!"
"What?"
"I'm going to Hawaii for a fashion shoot end of this month. We can meet there."
"Sakura. Yes! It's perfect. I'll tell Katherine about our plan as well. She'd probably wants to join us."
"Yes," Sakura said, laughing. "I haven't seen her or Michael for ages. You do that, and I'll send you an email about when exactly is this photoshoot so you can book flights."
"Sure thing," Mary said.
"Shit!" Sakura muttered once she had seen the time on the clock to one side of the wall. "I'm going to be late."
"Work?"
"Yes and no," Sakura said. "I'm expecting someone. He's helping me move."
"You're moving?"
Sakura laughed. "Only temporary. It's to do with my new job."
"Oh?"
"Don't oh me, my dear. I don't have time right now. But will tell you later when I'm free. Okay?"
Mary sighed. "Oh, all right. Take care and don't you forget to send me that email regarding our catch up in Hawaii."
"Yes, yes," Sakura said. "Kiss, kiss and say hi to Peter for me. Oh and Katherine, Jim, and Michael as well. Got I missed them."
"Will do."
"Bye now." With Mary saying goodbye, Sakura hung up. She put Toby down on the floor and headed to her bedroom. It was then that she remembered she had to call Melissa to tell her not to come in as she'd be closing the gallery for a week since Ned was away. Somehow, she wasn't looking forward to calling the woman.
She turned on her heels and rushed downstairs to the office to make the call before she forgot. A few minutes later, the unpleasant chore done, she headed back up to take a shower. She was done and dressed twenty minutes later. While she waited for Sosuke to arrive, she checked her luggage again to make sure she had all the essential. She was just finished organizing the office when she saw Sosuke parking his car along the street. She rushed over to open the door for him.