
Darcy opened himself a bottle of cool water and nodded. "In a minute," he said.
"Race?" Sebastian suggested. Since they had moved here a year ago, this was their way of bonding. A good race in the pool. Sometimes their other brothers would joined them. Mostly, however, it was between the two. Sebastian admitted that Darcy was getter stronger and faster now, and it was getting harder to win him as well. As of last week, they were about neck to neck, which was a good challenge, Sebastian thought, pleased.
After taking a big gulp of his water, Darcy said, "Sure."
Sebastian nodded and then left. He took the stairs down to the third floor, knowing that he'd get the pool to himself for at least a couple of minutes until Darcy turned up.
He was wrong, however, as he slipped in through the door, he hard slashing of water. Sosuke? No. It couldn't be because Sosuke never came down this early. He usually came down around six, when Nicolas came down as well. Who could it be?
He strode along the length of the corridor and then around the corner before coming into the pool area. At the entry way, he saw a slim body just sliding into the water. He couldn't pull his gaze away as he watched that slim, exquisite figure gliding through the water so perfectly. She was a beautiful creature that was for sure. As he came further and stood right at the edge of the pool, he continued to watch her. He was amazed that she didn't even come up to take a breath of air. She continued to stay underwater, gliding her way across the long length of the pool.
What the hell am I doing? He asked himself and shook his head. No woman had ever able to capture his attention so completely, except of course for Sakura.
The thought of her name brought forward a lump in his throat. God! When would he be able to see her again? When would she be able to accept them into her lives once again?
In anguish, he took a deep breath, and powerfully dived into the water.
On the other side of the pool, Sakura head popped out off the water as Sebastian dived in. Slowly, she walked up the steps that'd lead her out of the pool. At the top, she gathered her hair to one side of her shoulder and squeezed out the residue of chloride water. She turned to look over her shoulder. There, she saw a powerful body, swimming like a fish, underwater. He was strong and beautiful to watch, she thought in awe. And damn it. She had thought that she would have the place to herself for at least an hour. No longer wanted to be there, she turned back and continued to dry her hair.
Sebastian came up to the surface at that moment. Again, he eyed the beauty on the other side, marveling at the slim, long legs as she bend down to pick up a small towel on the floor. He could clearly see her rare end, and it was sexually arousing. He admit that she was exquisite, and Sebastian wanted to go up to her, pull her into his arms, and make love to her.
That was a stupid notion, of course. His heart was for Sakura, and no other woman will do. Determined to extinguish the burning heat that was suddenly prominent within his being, he dipped his head under water again, to shut the strange beauty from his mind.
With the small towel in her hands busy patting herself dry, Sakura once again turn to look at that wonderfully powerful body in the water. A quivering sigh escaped her lips, and before she thought further of wanting to see that awesome body dripping wet with water as he moved out, she rushed from her spot. As she paced along the length of the room, however, her eyes were still on that amazing body gliding through water, never once coming up for breath. It was too bad, though, that she had reached the exit by the time he popped his head out.
She turned and was gone from the place as Sebastian turned his head to take another look at her, missing her by mere millisecond.