
Both Sakura and Mary looked around the great hall. It was beautifully decorated with red and white roses. The tablecloths, a beige color, were of the finest quality, and the lighting was just perfect.
For a couple of hours, the wedding planner explained to them what had been done, and then Peter and Mary told them what needed to be changed as Sakura stuck around, trying to help out with ideas as best as she could. When by lunchtime they finished, Sakura excused herself to go and find Daddy James.
She came up to his office on the top floor of the hotel and gave the door her usual three knocks before going in. Once inside, to her surprise, she found Sebastian and Nicolas there, and Daddy James was nowhere in sight.
Sakura bit her lip and her heart thundered within her chest the moment her eyes met Sebastian's. The handsome man raised one nice brow at her and gave her that sly grin of his that told her he was very pleased to see her indeed. She scowled at him to tell him that she wasn't in the least bit pleased to see him, however. Nicolas, on the other hand, was oblivious to their silent bickering and gave her a smile.
"Sakura, what are you doing here?" he asked.
"Er, Daddy James?"
"Meeting with Mr. Marlow," Nicolas supplied.
"Oh, right." Sakura turned to go.
"No, wait, come in here."
"What?"
"Dad said you've been helping out a bit at the hotel."
Sakura shrugged her shoulders. "Just here and there. Nothing special."
"Dad's asking me to take over."
Sakura raised her brows. But then again, she wasn't surprised. "I see."
"What do you think?"
"It's great. He's ready to retire. I think you should," she said.
Nicolas pulled her by the arm and led her to the armchair near the window. Sebastian watched her intently. Their kiss last night was still fresh in his mind, and right now he felt the thrill rushing through his blood.
Sakura caught him looking at her. He grinned at her, his blue eyes intense on her person, telling her he would like to do it again right now if he could. Sakura gritted her teeth and glared at him.
"You think I should?" Nicolas voiced loudly, interrupting her anger simmering nicely.
She quickly turned to smile at him. "I definitely think you should. I mean, if you don't take over, then who will?"
Nicolas relaxed back in his seat. "Thing is, I'm not sure if I'd do a good job."
"It's all from experience, isn't it? You can't quit before you begin. You won't know if you don't try."
Nicolas chuckled. "Since when did you become so philosophical?"
"Oh, I've always been philosophical. Daddy James always asks me for advice, not that I'm very good at it. But I think it helps him see things from a different perspective." She turned to smile at him then, her head cocked to one side. "To be, or not to be, that is the question," she said softly. "To take over, or not to take over, that is the question."
Nicolas felt a thrill of warmth coursing through his being. His silvery-gray eyes lit up, and he chuckled softly. He turned to Sebastian then. "Well, what do you think, Sebastian?"
"I already told you," Sebastian said. The bite mark on his shoulder hurt. He glanced at Sakura, who met his gaze for a split second. She quickly glanced away again. She was still pissed with him; he could tell by her stiff posture. He was pleased. That meant their kisses last night were also still on her mind.