
The girls found a taxi a moment later, and Jane told the driver where to go the moment they hopped into the tight, musty compartment. They clicked on their belt as the driver maneuvered the car out into the street. Sakura was relaxing back in her seat, her hand fisted tight that her knuckles turned white when Jane's phone rang. Jane jumped at the sudden sound and muttered incoherently under her breath. She picked up and found that it was her brother.
"Great, what does he want now?" she muttered loudly in annoyance. "I swear, Sakura, that brother of mine never forget to ring me every time I come to see you. I told him we've got girls stuff to do."
Sakura asked, "Is that Luke now?"
Jane nodded to Sakura's query and then turned her attention to her phone. "What's up, Luke?"
"We have a problem," came the greeting.
"Huh-ho."
It wasn't long before Jane looked like she wanted to die as she listened to her brother, which worried Sakura as the girl watched. The taxi driver glanced at them via his rare-view mirror then, with curiosity, before returning his eyes back to the road which was now jam packed with many other cars commuting about the city toward their intended destination.
Slowly, Jane lowered the phone and turned her attention to Sakura, her face as pale as a ghost. She took a deep breath and finally was able to master the courage to say, her voice shaking just a little, "You do know that Luke works for Sebastian Princeton, right?"
Sakura blinked. Her heart did a big drop. When the shocked news fully sunk in, she paled and her eyes rounded in dread. She couldn't speak. She could only shake her head in response as if to tell Jane that what the woman had just said couldn't be true. It just couldn't be true. The world couldn't be that small. Luke was working for Sebastian? What? No! No way!
Jane sighed. "Well, Luke works for Sebastian Princeton as his personal secretary. Last night at the hotel, you know he was there, right?"
Again, Sakura nodded.
"The Princeton brothers found out I'm Luke's sister and that I know you. Oh My God! I lied to them I don't know you and now..." Jane paled and couldn't finish her sentence. The thought that she had lied to them, the powerful Princeton brothers, was way too much for her to bear. She was totally in deep shit now.
"What did Luke say?"
Jane took a deep breath and said, "They've asked to see Luke today, and me as well."
Sakura closed her eyes and felt herself shaking with dread. "Jane, you mustn't' go to see them. You mustn't."
"Of course I won't go to see them." She paused, frowning darkly. "At least not yet. I can make up excuses, of course. But it's Luke I'm worried about. He couldn't lie to save his life."
"Please, call him back, Jane. I need to speak with him, I have to ask him not to tell the Princeton brothers where I am."
Jane gave her an apologetic look. "It's too late. He's heading to their apartment now. And to be honest, I haven't a clue where that is."
"Can you please just try ringing away?" Sakura pleaded. "It might not be too late."
Jane nodded and quickly dialed her brother's number. The phone rang and rang and rang and finally Luke's voice message came through. Jane canceled the call and redialed. Again, it rang and rang and rang, and again, they got the voice message again.
Sakura closed her eyes once again and took slow, deep breath to calm herself. She needed to think. She needed a way out. She knew Luke was going to tell the Princeton about her gallery in Soho, and no doubt, the brothers would be there in no time at all.