
Darcy took another big gulp of water before heading out the door of the kitchen. As he was passing the living area, Beth said, "Ah, morning, Master Darcy. Going out for a swim, are we?"
Darcy nodded and was about to leave when Beth said, "I phoned Ned yesterday after Master Conrad complained to me he couldn't get in contact with that brother of mine."
Darcy gave her a raised brows. "And?"
"Well, I phoned him, you see. Apparently, he's in LA at the moment. Business trip."
Darcy took a depressing sigh. "So us meeting Sakura isn't going to be anytime soon."
Beth pulled a guilty looking face. "I'm afraid so."
"All right," he said. "I'll tell my brothers. We'll come up with a plan."
Darcy was just at the door when Beth commented, "Better come up with a plan soon because I heard you boys are doing that photoshoot thing in Hawaii and Sakura is one of the female models, isn't she? She'd be shock seeing you boys there, if you know what I mean."
Darcy frown darkly over this dilemma. He knew Beth was perfectly correct in that regard. Sakura hadn't yet known that he and his brothers were the male models for Mr. Tachibana. Perhaps the sooner she found out, the better. After all, they didn't want her to run from them again, and of course, working together when there was tension and misunderstanding beneath was not a good way to get the job done.
"Yes, of course," he said and then left.
He took the stairs down to the third floor, taking two steps at the time. He was deep in through when through the peripheral of his vision, a girl walked pass around the corner. He stopped, turned and just stared.
In the distance and in the dimly lit corridor, he saw a slim female figure. She was oddly familiar, and he found himself drawn to her.
I'm going mad! I'm bloody going mad! He thought to himself. None the less, he rushed after her. God! I'm going mad. But for God's sake! I want to be sure.
He paced as his heart was beating loud and fast in his chest. He needed to be sure. He wanted to be sure that he wasn't just hallucinating like Conrad had done with Toby.
He came around the corner and stopped. She was gone, just like that. Where did she go?
"You're going crazy, Darcy," he said to himself and turned on his heels.
He came into the pool area a minute later. He climbed up to the diving platform, and a moment later, he dived, did a perfect flip in midair and then slid into the water cleanly, without a splash of water anywhere.
When he came up again, he noted that Sebastian was watching him.
"Beth told me Ned is in LA at the moment," was his greeting to his brother.
"Bloody hell," Sebastian replied.
"Still want to race?" Darcy asked.
Sebastian's answer was him slipping back into the water. The brothers did a good race, and by the time they finished, both were puffing with exertion. Of course Sebastian won, by a mere half a second. It was then that Nicolas and Sosuke walked in, and the men did their laps across the pool. The four did another race. This time Darcy won, followed by Sebastian in second place, Nicolas in third, and Sosuke last.
By quarter to seven, they left the pool, as more people residing within the building were coming for their morning swim.
Back at the penthouse, Beth was just finishing prepare the brothers their breakfast. After their showers and dressed in their expensive, powerful suite, Nicolas, Sebastian, and Darcy joined their other brothers.