
Sakura frowned at James. Her adopted father laughed at her sour expression.
"I'll volunteer," Logan said quickly.
"Me too," Conrad said. "So, erm, Sakura, does it hurt? Taking blood, I mean."
The brothers were quite shocked that Conrad had managed to say their adopted sister's name without a hint of a quiver in his voice, as if it were absolutely natural for him. But then again, Conrad had been rather young when Sakura had been adopted, and so his interactions with her hadn't been much of anything before she'd left for boarding school. Hence he didn't feel awkward calling her by her actual name.
"Maybe a little," she said, smiling at him.
Sebastian nearly stopped breathing when she smiled. It was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. It was the same, of course, for the rest of his brothers because they couldn't stop staring at her once again.
James, on the other hand, suddenly realized that not only did all his sons like Sakura, but they were smitten with her. In a million years he never imagined that could be possible. Now he wondered if he'd be having more trouble keeping them away from Sakura.
"Oh my, my!" Mary uttered the moment she was outside. "Look at you guys, taking my precious Sakura away." She came to stand behind her friend, and after greeting her seven cousins good morning, she pulled Sakura up and tsked seriously that they were going to be late if they didn't hurry.
"What's the hurry?" Logan asked.
"Lauren's birthday party," Mary said. "Sakura and I were asked to help. It starts at ten. Oh, why don't you guys come along? I'm sure you remember Lauren? She's turning eighteen today."
"Yeah," Conrad said. "I remember Lauren."
Lauren Simpson, Mr. Mayor's one and only darling, was only a few years younger than Conrad himself. He remembered her back in elementary school as the girl with golden-brown hair and warm-brown eyes who always talked and talked and talked.
"Good," Mary said. "See you guys there." She then dragged Sakura, who was only too glad to be taken away, into the house to get their bags.
The brothers watched Sakura go-each had his very own odd expression on his handsome face.