
"Would you like to have a seat?" she asked, cocking her beautiful head to one side as she looked at him.
"Um," Luke began, lost because she was smiling at him. Why was she was so beautiful when she smiled? Shit! What was he here for again? Oh yes, the art exhibition. Yes, that's right, and the paintings.
"Yes, please, Ms. Tanaka," Luke said, nodding furiously.
She chuckled softly, and Luke wanted to melt with joy. "Please, you can call me Sakura. After all, you've been my client for six months now, and calling me Ms. Tanaka just doesn't seem right."
Luke swallowed. "Well, I'm working for my boss. But then again, it's the same thing, isn't it?"
"Luke?" Sakura asked. "About that Japanese fashion show that is due to take place in a few months?"
"Yes?" Luke asked.
"Your sister is working for the Japanese designer Mr. Techibana, yes?"
Luke nodded his head.
"I was wondering if I might ask for a favor."
Luke was only too happy to help. "Of course," he said, trying very hard to hide his eagerness.
"I was wondering about the fashion industry. Will your sister be able to help me with that?" she asked, her eyes on him, the two different colors fascinating him even more.
"Of course," he said. "The one that's taking place at Princeton Hotel here in Manhattan?"
Sakura paused for a moment, for the name Princeton caused her heart to jolt within her chest. "Yes," she confirmed. "That one."
Luke chuckled. "Of course. Mind you, many people are going to show up since the famous Princeton brothers are going to be there, or so I've heard." Luke moved forward, curiosity eating at him. "You're not asking just because you're interested in them, are you?"
Sakura felt her hands shake. She couldn't believe it. After almost a year, the brothers were still affecting her, both mentally and emotionally. Slowly she shook her head. "I have my own reasons, Luke."
It was her mother, Haruka Tanaka, who she wanted to meet. She knew for a fact Haruka would be there, and she couldn't possibly pass up the chance now, could she? Even if she had to play hide-and-seek with the brothers. Of course, she reasoned with herself, they wouldn't know I'd be there. Besides, they'd probably all forgotten about her by now, so she had nothing to fear.
Finally Sakura smiled brilliantly. "Thank you," she said to Luke. "Thank you so much. You don't know how much this means to me."

* * * * *
If you enjoyed reading this book, please support me by buying the book, either ebook or paperback. Here are the links:
Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00KK888QA
iBooks: http://itunes.apple.com/us/book/falling-for-sakura/id857895192?mt=11
Kobo: http://store.kobobooks.com/en-US/ebook/falling-for-sakura-1
Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/426170