
Sakura knew Jane didn't trust Melissa to run her business, and to be honest, neither did she. But Ned would be there. Although she'd hate it very much to have to ask him for help all the time.
She turned to Haruka who looked a bit worried all of a sudden and said, "Don't worry. I'll managed."
Akira chimed in, "What type of business do you do?"
"I won a gallery. I paint and do some photography."
"Oh, artsy stuff. I like arts. Sosuke doesn't. He doesn't understand arts," Akira said.
"Sakura's painting is amazing." Jane put in from behind. "You should see her work. She mostly paint cherry blossom."
"In that case," Akira said, grinning from ear to ear, "I'll come to visit sometime. Oh, and I can help with your gallery as well if you're desperate. I don't have much modelling work at the moment."
"We all know you're just making excuses, Akira," Sosuke said, shaking his head.
With that obvious statement which Akira found rather embarrassing, she glared at her brother. "I'm not making excuses."
Again, Jane giggled from behind Sakura. They could all see that the sibling really like to tease each other. Underneath, however, everyone could see how much they cared about each other.
Sakura said, "Thanks, but I think I'll managed." She turned to Haruka. "I will do my best to work under you. And thank you so much for... er... being so considerate."
Haruka laughed. "You're a sweet darling, aren't you?"
Before Sakura could thank her again for not sending her to jail, Haruka grabbed her wrist, pulled her close, and hugged her tight.
Sakura blinked, confused. It was then that she felt something odd. She felt warm and at ease, if as she had finally found home. She felt as if she belonged in this woman's arms. Without herself knowing it, she tightened her grip on the older woman as well and smiled.
Jane just blinked in confusion at the two women. Sosuke watched his Aunt and Sakura embracing and felt quite pleased at the whole turnout. Of course it had been quite a nice surprise for them when Jane had called yesterday evening requesting a meeting. He hadn't hesitated to say yes the moment she mentioned the necklace, even without consulting his aunt. And once he had told his aunt? Well, she just got herself into tears of joy, which confused the hell out of Akira. Sosuke had to explained to his sister that the girl who ran off with their Oba-chan's necklace was very likely their Oba-chan's long lost daughter. Of course they'd have to do DNA testing to confirm that, which they'd probably will once they had convinced Sakura. As for now, however, it'd be nice to have her around in the house, and Sosuke was looking forward to that prospect.
Akira chuckled and said, "Onii-chan, stop grinning so much."
Sosuke stopped his smiling immediately and scowled at his sister. When he turned his eyes to her, he noted that she, too, was smiling.
"I'm so glad I've found you," Haruka whispered before she let Sakura go.
Sakura moved back and gazed at Haruka long and hard, confused as to the meaning of the older woman's words.
"You will have to start right away, Sakura," Haruka said. "Will tomorrow be all right? Yes, tomorrow. Sosuke will help you bring your belonging over." She turned to her nephew then. "Will you escort Sakura back to her place, Sosuke?"
Akira thought that their Aunt didn't need to ask her brother. He'd gladly do it without her request.
Sosuke nodded enthusiastically.