
Searching for Sakura

The tension in the room was so thick and hot that it could be cut with a knife, and Jane swore there was murder within the Princeton brothers' eyes. They all stood there, with their imposing stance, questioning the staffs about a woman. Jane was pretty sure that particular woman they were inquiring about was her friend Sakura. Why and what for, she wasn't sure. She just knew that she had to get the whole story out of Sakura tonight. That is, if she managed to get out of this inquisition alive before midnight.
Thank God she had managed to hide Sakura's bag from the brothers before she was being herded—yes, there was no other word for it, the staffs had been herded by the head of the Princeton Group himself, Mr. Nicolas Princeton, into this very large conference room.
Now she stood there, gazing up at the tall CEO Nicolas Princeton, telling herself not to faint in front of him, or everyone else, for that matter. Then there was her brother, Luke, who was on the other side of the room, his arms folding across his chest, watching her.
On the opposite side stood the brooding Darcy. He looked angry and very likely wanted to kill somebody. Next to him was Hayden with his arms folding across his broad chest. On the sofa next to Mr. and Mrs. Princeton was Conrad, the youngest of the brothers, who looked very upset. Then there were Logan and Tristan. They were usually very jolly and happy. But at this very instant, they wanted to punch someone's face.
"Are you sure you haven't seen her?" Nicolas asked Jane again. "After the show?"
Jane swallowed, asking God to forgive her for her lies. "No, sir. I haven't."
"She gave you her shoes, did she?" Sebastian's voice boomed at her.
Jane swallowed again and glanced at her brother for assistant. Luke only sighed and shrugged his shoulders. No help there, she thought miserably.
"No, sir. I mean yes, sir. She did but that's only because I work backstage. She told me to take the shoes back." Again, she prayed to God for forgiveness.
Akira, who was sitting on the other side of the room, finally stood up and said loudly to Nicolas, "Mr. Princeton, I would appreciate it if you let us all leave now. I appears none of us know who this girl is. We're tired. And all this," she spread her arms out at the scene before them. "Is baka! It's useless."
Nicolas turned his eyes to the woman he had bump into. He raised his brows as if it was only then that he seen her. This annoyed Akira and she wanted to slap him in the face.
Nicolas cocked his head to one side and said, "It is not useless, Miss—"
"Akira," Akira supplied coldly. "And besides, shouldn't you be reporting this to the police already? Surely, you're not a detective yourself? I mean, that girl had Oba-chan's necklace, for God's sake. It's worth in the millions. Why aren't you worry about that? It's seems to me all you worried about is that girl."
Tara made herself notice then by saying, "She's a criminal. She has stolen a designer gown and a priceless necklace."
"Sakura is not a thief!" Darcy said coldly to Tara. His eyes were so dark that Tara felt a lump formed in her throat.
Alainna snapped, "How do you she's not a thief? For God's sake, Darcy, see her for who she really is."
Conrad looked at his sister and said coldly, "Sakura is nothing like that, and you know it, Alainna." He wanted to say that it was her fault Sakura ran away but reframed himself by talking out the room. He was shaking from head to toe. They had been so close. So very close, and Conrad was very, very pissed and upset that they couldn't managed to reframe Sakura from leaving them again.