
Sakura admit she was green to this type of things, but she was desperate, after all.
"I'm sure Oba-chan can work something out," Akira commented. "If you want, I can help you find modelling work. You're a bit short, but I'm sure it's no problem back in Japan. They're looking for girls like you. You're beautiful and..."
"Akira!" Sosuke cut in with a frown.
Akira returned her brother with her own scowl. "I'm only trying to help."
Haruka said, "Akira is perfectly correct about the bank loan. They would not lean you money for this sort of things."
Akira couldn't help herself and had to nod. "Modelling. I'll help you out."
Sosuke sighed in exasperation. "Akira."
Akira gave her brother a look. "What?"
Jane laughed from behind, she couldn't help herself. Akira noticed Jane then and winked at her. Jane blushed, and Sosuke just shook his head.
Haruka said, "If the bank don't lean you money, what will you do?"
Sakura wasn't sure what she'd do. Sell the gallery business, she supposed. She hoped that it'd be enough though.
Haruka saw the dilemma within her features and said lightly, "What if I make you a proposal?"
Sakura raised her gaze to the older woman with interest. Haruka smiled and said, "I am looking for a personal assistant. No, more like a companion. It's an odd job, but if you are interested."
Sakura couldn't let the chance to escape her grasp. "I'm interest."
Akira secretly smiled and said, "Do you realize you have to come and live here with us, right? You'll be seeing my ugly brother every day and doing all his work for him."
"That's enough, Akira." Sosuke scolded. "Sakura, you will not be doing my work for me. But yes, you'll be seeing us every day. You'll be helping Oba-chan with her work and you won't get paid."
Sakura nodded. "I understand. I'm good with that. I don't mind hard work and not getting paid." To be honest, she thought this whole proposal was more like a blessing to her. If what Akira had said was true in that she had to live here with them, then it would fit with her plan perfectly. If the Princeton brothers found out as to the where abouts of her residence in Soho from Luke, they'd no doubt be there to convince her to return to the family. She wasn't ready for that yet. Especially seeing Sebastian and Darcy again. Saturday night was bad enough. It had brought back too much heartache and memories, and at the same time, a longing of how badly she wanted to be with them again. She ached for their presences and their touches and their kisses. Besides, her one main goal still hold true. She had to fine her biological mother, come hell or high water. And that Ms. Ruka wasn't her biological mother. Hence, Sakura would have to start from scratch, again.
"But, Sakura, what about your own business?" Jane asked from behind.
"You have your own business?" Akira asked with interest. "But you're so young. You can't be much older than twenty-three."
"She's twenty-five." Jane supplied. "Just turned twenty-five a couple of weeks ago."
Haruka breathed in a shaky breath at this reminder. Yes, it had been twenty-five years a couple of weeks ago when she had placed Sakura on the door step of Queen Mary Orphanage in St. Joseph Island.
Sakura turned to Jane and said, "Oh, don't worry about that. Ned and Melissa will help me look after it."
"Well, if that's all right with you," Jane said, unconvinced, about the Melissa part.