
Akira said. "There's the gym, the pool, and a beautiful garden on the ground floor."
"What about the one on the top?" Sakura asked curiously.
Akira suddenly looked uncomfortable and a bright blush appeared on her cheeks. She cupped her hand and bend over so that her aunt and brother wouldn't be able to hear her as she whispered, "Don't go there. This guy and his brothers live there. The guy is a dragon. Just like Sosuke."
Akira's mind flashed back to that day when she had snuck in to take a peek at the exotic garden. She hadn't been careful enough and came to face the Dragon, Nicolas Princeton. The man was outrageously naked in all of his male glory. The only thing he had on him at the time was his glasses.
Akira immediately shut out what had happened next and said to Sakura, "I'll take you for a tour."
"That would be great," Sakura replied.
After Haruka had retired to her room for the night, Akira and Sosuke took Sakura out for the promised tour of the building, along of course with Toby. The dog was suddenly very excited and barked loudly as he sprinted about.
They came into the gym, and Sakura eyed the place with interest. The room was large, with various type of equipment such treadmills, rowers, ellipticals, exercycles, and there was even a place for boxing and weight lifting. Next, the siblings showed her to the swimming pool. It was a large area and had a great view of the street across the building. Sakura was pleased.
"I'm going to come here to swim," she said.
Toby was running around the large pool, barking loudly. Akira laughed. "Wow! Toby is getting very excited about something."
Sosuke said, "This pool gets a lot of use. Everyone who lives here love it. I recommend early morning if you want the place to yourself."
"That's how I like my pool," Sakura said. "The whole place to myself."
Akira turned to Sakura and said, "Don't trust him, Sakura-chan. Early morning is when Sosuke likes to take a swim. I suggest late in the night. No one comes here at this time. Like right now."
Sakura laughed as the siblings began to argue over the subject, and none noticed the barking had stopped and the culprit dog itself was missing. It was when they were at the elevator that Sakura looked about her and said, "Toby?"
Akira shrieked, "Toby's gone! Where is he?"
Sakura began to panic, and Sosuke said, "Let's split up and look for him. The dog can't have gone far."
The girls nodded, and they parted ways. Sakura found herself climbing up a stairs, and in the distance, to her relief, she heard Toby barking excitedly. Worried for her beloved dog's safety, she took two steps at a time, following the sound of the bark. Finally, she pushed open a door and found herself along the corridor she and Jane had been in yesterday. She searched wildly about her, and in the distance, she saw Toby in the private garden, barking at the penthouse.
"Shit!" she muttered under her breath and rushed along the corridor. She cracked the last door open, slid through, and sprinted to the dog. She picked Toby up and told the dog to quieten up. Toby, however, had other plans. The dog kept barking so loud and with so much excitement that Sakura was sure the residents inside would surely have heard the noise and would undoubtedly come to investigate any moment now.
A door cracked open. Sakura panicked. She turned on her heels and sprint back the way she came.