
Tristan laughed at his brother's naïveté. Really, he thought, Sebastian needed to hang around women more to understand their behavior. Nicolas nodded, telling Sebastian that he did indeed do something wrong. Darcy, however, agreed with Sebastian and said, "You did the right thing."
Richard came up behind them as they started heading toward the car. "So what are all my cousins up to these days?"
"The usual," Nicolas said.
"Man, I still can't believe Sakura has grown up so much," he said. "Can still remember her when she was a teenager. She was so quiet and shy you didn't even know she was in the same room."
Sebastian thought that wasn't true. Yes, she'd been rather quiet and painfully shy when she was young, but he'd always noticed her. She'd always been there, quietly observing them, quietly going about her business. But Sebastian didn't know why he'd forgotten all about her for those past years. Perhaps it was because he'd never seen her again since she left for boarding school. Of course, he'd also been busy with studies at high school and then university. Not to mention friends, work, and the occasional girls who came and went. Her existence just kind of faded out of his mind.
"Took us a while to bring her out of her shell." Richard continued.
"You brought her out of her shell?" Conrad asked, appalled.
"Yep." Richard confirmed. "We did. Mary, Katherine, and I. My three little darlings, out and about doing all sorts of mischief. Mind you, I had to look after them. Sakura has always been my favorite. Once she's out of her shell, she's the most difficult to control. So much spirit in her and very wild too. I've been waiting for so long for her to grow up." He chuckled. "And now she has. I think she's ready."
The brothers didn't like what Richard was implying. Their cousin was waiting for Sakura to grow up so he could what?
Sebastian had a good idea what Richard wanted and decided the cousin would have to get over his dead body first to get Sakura.
"What are you implying?" Conrad, being the one who always took the bull by the horns, asked straight out. "You want to date her or something?"
Richard laughed. "Uh-ho! Is that brotherly concern I hear?"
Nicolas nudged his glasses up the bridge of his nose. "Naturally," he said. "We are her brothers, after all."
"Come on, guys, I'm your cousin here," Richard said.
"Shouldn't you be more concerned about her welfare?" Darcy asked. "You can't date her. She's your cousin."
"Yes," Logan said. "Incest, my cousin, incest."
"But she's not related to me at all," Richard argued.
Hayden said coldly, "Still wrong, Richard, very wrong."
"No hard feelings, cousin." Tristan slapped Richard on the shoulder so hard that the man nearly went sprawling to the ground. Then the seven brothers all walked ahead, leaving Richard standing there looking rather confused about the whole situation.
Sakura, who was standing on the other side, wondered how they were going to get home with only two cars when there were now eleven of them. Then she decided perhaps she should ring home and tell Daddy James they needed a lift. Or perhaps she could wait and go up to the house with Katherine when her friend finished work at the café.
Mary saw her dilemma and said, "Well, that means one of you will have to stay behind or else ride in the trunk. Who's volunteering?"