
Alexia's Note: I realized how everyone wants to know what happens behind that closed door between Nicolas and Akira. Unfortunately, I won't be able to tell you yet, not until Nicolas's book comes out. Yes, I've decided a long time ago that all of the brothers will eventually get their own book ^_^
Now onto with Falling For Sakura: A Secret Proposal
* * * * *
The moment Sebastian knew he had Sakura to himself, he did what he had wanted to do most. He grabbed her into his arms and claimed her for a deep, passionate kiss.
Sakura went tense the moment she felt his firm, hot lips against her, his strong, warm body enveloping her in a tight embrace. She melted onto him, her knees weakened as she leaned further into his arms, loving the feel of him against her so much so that it nearly choke her with emotions.
Sebastian was intoxicated by the smell of her fresh, innocent scent and the feel of her softness against him. He cupped her face, his fingers dug deep into her hair as he urged her lips to open for him, teasing her and nibbling her flesh with his tongue. When Sakura obliged and opened her mouth for him, Sebastian plunged his tongue in and explored her, caressing and stroking her, making her become weak and wanting more.
When he finally let her go, she was lightheaded and breathless. She clutched onto him as he embraced her tight against his chest. He didn't want to ever let her go, didn't want to lose her again.
"God, I wanted to do that to you since I saw you back at the hotel weeks ago," Sebastian said. "You're not going to run away from us again, are you?"
He sounded a little uncertain and afraid, Sakura noticed, and it tugged deep in her heart. She gazed up at him and shook her head. "I don't think I can run anymore. It's too tiring running from you brothers. You guys just won't let me get away."
He laughed lowly at her honest statment. "Have you any idea how sick I felt when I found your note in my bedroom last year?"
Sakura flashed her mind back to that day one year ago when she had left the brothers her messages. She could just imagine the horrid feelings Sebastian had endured right after he had found the note, and not that long after he had poured his heart out telling her he loved her, too.
"I'm sorry, Sebastian, but I couldn't stay any longer. I just couldn't," she said, her voice weak with emotions. "Not after what happened."
Sebastian stroked her hair lovingly and gave her a kiss on her forehead. "Well, regardless of that. I'm just glad we've found you. Or rather, Toby found us."
Sakura nodded her head. When she motioned to move back, he wouldn't let her and tightened his arms around her. He kissed her forehead and again on her nose and then on her lips. Just a light gentle kiss that made Sakura sigh pleasantly.
"Sebastian, I have to go back. Lady Haruka must be so worried ab-"
Sebastian shut her up by claiming her lips again. He kissed her long and hard, thrusting his tongue against her, pouring out all of his love and his aching for her through his kiss.
Sakura whimpered into his mouth as the heat of her core climbed, her body trembling with a desire to be made love to was so deep that it shocked her to her center.
When he released her for the second time, it was due to duty and by force. Sebastian laughed achingly and said, "If I keep doing this, it wouldn't be fair on Darcy."
At first Sakura was confused as to the meaning of his words. Then she understood and smiled, her heart glowed. Oh God! These two brothers. They really respected each other, and their chivalrous actions only made her love them even more.