
Sakura nodded, and the woman left. Alone, she sat down on her bed and sighed with relief. She hoped when Beth returned she wasn't going to continue with her lecture.
Out of the blue, her mind-of its own accord-started wandering off to la-la land again. It was Sebastian who came to her thoughts first.
Why was he being so overprotective of her all of a sudden? And he did say neither he nor his brothers were stupid. Had they known all along that it had never been her who had been telling on them when they were children?
She was so deep in thought that she didn't notice the door open. When she heard it closing again, she expected Beth to return and hastily got up, readying herself for the woman to do her magic. But it wasn't Beth who came in the door. It was Alaina and Tara.
"Good Lord!" Tara said. "Is that the dress you're wearing for the wedding?"
Alaina chuckled. "Well, ugly dress for an ugly girl."
Sakura knew the moment they stepped into her room that they were there to hurt her. She braced herself for the oncoming bullying and said, "Who told you to come into my room?"
Alaina cocked her head to one side. "No one, bitch. But this is my house, so I go into any room I want. You don't belong here. You know that."
Sakura decided she'd cock her head to one side to show them she was no longer afraid of them. And to that she added a smile as well, for good measure. "I believe I belong here, Alaina. After all, I have been living here for the past few years, and you haven't."
Alaina couldn't help herself. She charged forward like a raging bull and slapped Sakura on the cheek, causing the girl to swing her face to the right.
Tara smirked from behind, obviously pleased with what was happening.
Sakura felt pain burning her cheek. She closed her eyes and counted to ten because otherwise she'd surely explode and retaliate. She didn't want to do that. Not yet anyway. She could still handle this. She didn't want to make a big deal out of this. After all, they'd only be here for another week, and once the wedding was over, they'd be gone, out of her life once again. Yes, she could do this.
"I'll let it go just this one time," she said under her breath.
"Let what go this one time?" Alaina snapped. "Why are you being such a bitch? Don't you get it? No one wants you here. Everyone hates you."
Sakura didn't respond to that. She simply glared at Tara, who was sniggering behind Alaina.
"Do you have something to say, Tara Byrd?" Sakura asked, knowing the other woman hated it when people reminded her of her real last name.
"Shut the fuck up, bitch," Tara shouted at her. "Who do you think you are? Living here like you own the place. And of all things, rubbing in with James and Brenda as if they're your real parents."
"I can't believe you're friends with Mary," Alaina said. "I can't believe she didn't see you for what you really are."
"Did you beg her to be her bridesmaid?" Tara asked. "Oh, I could just see it. Mary must have felt so sorry for you."
"Hmm," Alaina said. "Maybe we should help her fix it."
"Fix what?" Tara asked, pretending confusion.
"Her dress," Alaina chuckled. "It's awfully big on her, don't you think? Not suitable for her at all. Mary would be ashamed to see her bridesmaid wearing such a hideous dress at her wedding."