
Darcy felt a surge of hot pleasure at the spot where she was stroking him.
"You've burnt yourself?" she asked, looking at him with concern.
"Just a little," he said, his eyes hot and intense on her.
Sakura saw the hunger and desire scorching in his mauve-gray eyes and blushed.
James didn't missed the two eyeing each other, and noted that Sebastian was watching them too. He had known that the two brothers had feelings for Sakura since they had been little, though they themselves had not realized that until last year when they had returned to St. Joseph Island for Mary's wedding. It was a love triangle, and James knew that it was hard for Sakura to choose between his two sons.
Tristan didn't want to be left out and said, "Burnt? Nah." He lifted his hand up and showed her a plastered hand. "I cut myself. It was bleeding like hell!"
Logan said, "That's because you can't even use a potato peeler. You're useless in the kitchen, Tristan."
At this everyone laughed, including Tristan. He admitted that he was totally useless in the kitchen and couldn't do much more than switch on the kettle. Once they calmed down, Hayden said, "Beth, out of all of us, which do you would be the best house husband?"
Beth cocked her head to one side as she popped a piece of roasted carrot into her mouth. After a moment of chewing, she said, "I think it would have to be Master Sebastian. He's very good in the kitchen. He didn't complaint one bit and he cooked the pork to perfection."
Sakura glanced up at the handsome man beside her and smiled. "I agree, Beth," she said. "It's moist and absolutely delicious."
Sebastian was pleased at her comment and winked at her.
Tristan saw the wink and said loudly, "Hey, Seb, that's my job! I wink at girls and you don't! Got it?"
As everyone gave out another roar of laughter, Sakura flicked her gaze to Sebastian. "Seb?" she repeated the name to herself, her heart began to beat faster and then realization dawned on her.
Everything fitted perfectly, didn't it? Why hadn't she thought of it before? That Sebastian was her landlord. The name Seb was what his brothers liked to call him by. Then there was the fact that he was a swimmer. Even the part where he liked his adopted sister's coffee and was not on speaking term with her was true. Only that adopted sister was her.
Sakura dropped her hands on her lap under the table and sighed, suddenly had no idea how to react to that revelation. What was his purpose in not telling her his name in the first place? Really, how could he do that to her? Why didn't he tell her that it was him she had been chatting with online?
Sebastian didn't like the look on Sakura's face the moment Tristan referred to him as Seb. He knew she had figured him out, and felt his guts churning rather sickly. To comfort her, he dropped one hand under the table and grabbed hers, holding her tight. Sakura jumped at the unexpected contact and tried to break free. Sebastian, however, wouldn't let her go. She glanced up at him, pleading him with her eyes to release her, telling him that she was confused as to his actions.
Sebastian wouldn't have any of it and just grinned back at her, telling her that he'd talk to her after dinner. It was only when she agreed with a silent nod of her head did he allowed her hand free.
"Sakura," Brenda said from the distance of the long the table, drawing everyone's attention. "I got in contact with Mary."
Sakura paled. She hoped her adopted parents wouldn't blame Mary for keeping her where abouts a secret. She was about to explain to them that it was her fault that Mary couldn't tell anyone about her existent when Brenda said, "She told me she's coming to Hawaii this coming week to meet up with you."