
"Do you realized, darling, you've completely ruined my master piece, yes?" Mr. Tachibana said, eyeing Sakura with a dark look.
Sakura nodded her head. "I really sincerely apologize, Mr. Tachibana. I'll pay for the fixing."
The designer's just gave her a look and then laughed loudly, almost insanely. "Darling, are you kidding me? Not just anybody can't fix this! Only I can fix this because it is my master piece and I don't want anyone to ruin it, again!"
Sakura jumped a little in her seat at the exclamation. Jane, who was sitting on the sofa beside Sosuke, jumped as well.
Sosuke said in Japanese to Mr. Tachibana, "Tachibana-sensei, you're frightening her. If you must know, she's Mr. Princeton's adopted daughter."
Mr. Tachibana widened his eyes at Sosuke with a questioning look. "What?" he replied in Japanese.
"Yes, or haven't you seen how the Princeton brothers were chasing after her backstage on Saturday night after the show?"
"Really? Yes, but I through they were chasing her because she was stealing your Aunt's necklace and my gown."
Sosuke couldn't help himself and laughed, which drew Jane's undivided attention. She was in awe of his laughter and simply stared at him with delight. She also loved the way he spoke Japanese, and she couldn't stop herself from gazing at him.
Sakura's could only understood a little Japanese, and so couldn't quite make out what Sosuke was talking about. Though she did know it was something to do with the Princeton brothers.
When Sosuke managed to calm down, he said, "She's their missing adopted sister, and that night was literally the first time they've seen her since a year ago."
Mr. Tachibana turned his eyes to Sakura and looked at her closely, as if he was scrutinizing her. Sakura blinked, wondering why he was staring at her the way he did all of a sudden.
"Then why did she run away from them?" he asked Sosuke.
Sosuke nudged his glasses up the bridge of his nose and said, "I think she wants to run away from them."
That was, of course, a very obvious statement, and to be honest, Sosuke hadn't got a clue as to why either. For that, they'd had to ask Sakura herself. But of course, none of them was going to do that.
When Sosuke looked up to Mr. Tachibana again, he saw the glint within the man's dark brown eyes and thought-Shit! The man was up to something. Sosuke panicked and was about to ask when Mr. Tachibana said to Sakura, "Do you think, darling, that I have time to fix that ruined gown when I need time to design more beautiful gowns that could sell in the hundreds of thousands?" When Sakura was about to utter something, he stopped her and continued, shaking his head adamantly. "And even if I do, do you know how much I'd charge you to fix my own gown?"
Sakura held her breath because she knew he was going to tell her any moment now.
Mr. Tachibana took a deep sigh and said, "At least eighty thousand US dollars, darling."
Sakura hung her mouth opened, quite shocked that she didn't know what to say.
Jane shot up and said, "Eighty thousand? Who has that type of money to pay you to fix your own gown, Mr. Tachibana?"
Mr. Tachibana raised his brows at Jane and said arrogantly, "Well, my dear, that gown alone took me at least three years to design. On the market and with my label on it, it'd cost at least eleven hundred thousand."
Sakura swallowed at this news. Sosuke didn't like the sound of that and said in Japanese, "Tachibana-sensei, what are you up to?"