
Brenda said, "Why don't you take a seat, and I'll warm that pumpkin soup for you."
Sakura hesitated for a moment. Then she nodded and made her way, with Darcy and Sebastian beside her, toward the table. She took a seat on the one of the empty chair and pulled her rob closer about her front. Sebastian and Darcy took the seat on either side of her, and Conrad chose to swapped seats to that he could be closer to her.
"What are you guys doing here?" she asked, confused. "How did you know I'm here?"
"We phoned Sosuke," Nicolas said from the other side of the table.
"Sebastian said you weren't well yesterday," Conrad chimed in. "Are you all right? Sosuke said you disappeared in the middle of the night."
Sakura blushed. "It was so stupid really. It was nothing."
The brothers looked at one another. They knew she must have had the nightmare after bumping into that strange woman in the hotel, and it wasn't just nothing. As of this morning when they had seen her screaming in terror, it had scared the shit out of them. Of course they now understood that it was a regular occurrence, these nightmares of hers. No wonder she was always tired and her health was deteriorating.
"Sakura darling," Tristan said. "Don't you trust us enough to come to us?"
"We were only upstairs," Conrad said, looking a little wounded.
Sakura cocked her head to one side. "Sorry. I... Daddy James and Mom Brenda just kind of jumped into my head when..."
Hayden said, folding his arms across his chest, "So are you going to tell us what's going on or not?"
Sakura glanced from one brother to another, and then rested on Nicolas. "I..."
"Sakura." James's voice reached them, and Sakura sighed in relief. She rushed off her chair and came to hug him tight, pleased she didn't have to answer the brothers straight away.
"Thanks," she said. "For letting me stay here."
James patted her head, his eyes on his sons. When Sakura moved back, he said, "Have you had anything to eat yet?"
Sakura shook her head.
"Eat first and then shower. Then I'll tell you what I've found out."
Sakura paled, her heart leaping within her chest. She dreaded what Daddy James had found out, and yet, she desperately wanted to know. She nodded her head reluctantly. She returned to her seat, her whole being shaking. The brothers noticed and sported a worry look on their faces.
Sebastian placed his hand on top of her and gave her a little supporting squeeze. Sakura glanced up at him and gave him a thank you smile.
Brenda finally returned from the kitchen with a bowl of hot pumpkin soup, two tablet of aspiring, and a glass of water.
"You're sick?" Conrad asked.
"Headache," she said, picking up the tablets. She swallowed those quickly and then drunk some water. Once she was done with that, she dug into her soup, savoring the smooth, rich taste of pumpkin and cream. Half way, she glanced up and noted that the brothers were watching her, their eyes intense, as if they had ever seen anyone eating before.
She wiped her mouth and said, "You guys are not eating?"
"We had ours," Logan said, stroking Toby's head. And Toby agreed with a loud bark.