
She continued. "Considering the fact that you have, what? Six other brothers living with you and are all still single." She cocked her head to one side. "Hum, maybe I should really go up there and introduce myself."
"Akira-chan!" Sosuke said warningly.
Sebastian chuckled. He thought Sosuke was very much like Nicolas, and of course it hadn't surprised him at all that the two had gotten along so well since they had first met and had become very good friends.
Akira laughed. "Don't worry, Onii-chan, I was only teasing. Besides, I've never met any of them as yet, except for Conrad-san. Ah, he seems awfully depressed all the time. Poor man."
Sebastian thought Akira could say that again. Conrad hadn't been himself since that day one year ago when Sakura had left them. In fact, none of them had ever been themselves again. Darcy had been the worst. Of course, Sebastian knew Darcy was deeply in love with Sakura, and he hadn't taken the news very well.
"Now, now," Haruka said. "Let us have tea."
Sosuke came to sit on the slightly raised floor with his aunty, their guest Sebastian, and his sister Akira. He watched as Haruka expertly prepared the green tea. He noted the sad expression on her beautiful face even though she tried to hide it well. He knew her heart was aching to find her daughter named Sakura. Though this Sakura wasn't in any way blood related to him because her father was an American man, he had to help Haruka find her because that was what the head of the family do. And Sosuke has been the head of the Suzuki family since three years ago, when both his father and uncle, Haruka's husband, had died in a car accident. Sosuke, of course, had known it hadn't been an accident because the Suzukis was by far one of the wealthiest family in Japan, and they had been targeted too many times to consider that particular accident an accident.
Sosuke turned to look out the window at the clear, blue sky outside. There were petals of cherry blossoms swirling about as it rained down from the Princeton's private garden above. He knew the garden was particularly beautiful because he had seen it by accident one day while he had been exploring. Why the Princeton brothers had gone to such length to build such an exotic garden on top of the four-story building was beyond him. At the same time, however, it marveled him. Then he wondered if Sakura, Haruka's daughter, would be as beautiful as the Sakura flower that is so loved by everyone. Now, he simply couldn't wait to find her and meet her in person. Yes, sooner or later, they'd find her, and Sosuke smiled at the thought.