
Conrad was pissed. Yes, he was totally pissed that they couldn't get a hold of Ned. He had so looked forward to bringing Toby home today, without Sakura knowing of course, after he had made a bargain with Ned. But now, that damn Ned was nowhere in sight, and the gallery was closed for five days, as said on the notice stuck to the front door.
He sighed and threw himself on his bed, thinking about Sakura and Toby. He really did miss having the pup in his arms and stroking the soft, white fur. He missed the pup licking him and playing with him. And now damn it, he was hearing the dog barking too. Conrad was pretty sure he was going insane, for the barking was getting louder and more excited.
He banged his head against the soft pillows and grunted under his breath. Oh God! Please, Toby, stop haunting me. The barking, however, was getting even louder now, and Conrad squeezed the pillows against his ears.
"I'm going mad," he said under his breath. When the barking didn't stop, he shot up and grumbled under his breath. He paced to the window, staring out. That was when he saw it. A tiny, pure white west terrier out in the garden, barking loudly at the house.
Shit! He now not only hear the barking of Toby's, but was hallucinating as well.
He shut his eyes for a moment, to clear his head. The barking, however, didn't go away, and when he opened his eyes again, neither did the image of Toby.
He narrowed his eyes and peered out, and then a lump formed in his throat.
Could it be that Ned had brought Toby to them? Conrad was so pleased at the thought that he ran out his room, shouting out Toby's name.
Tristan burst out of his room as well and demanded what the heck was all that racket about.
"It's Toby outside," Conrad said as he passed.
"Toby?" Tristan uttered under his breath. "Here? No way!" He rushed out after his brother.
"Did someone say Toby?" Logan asked, his head poking out the door. When he saw Tristan along the hallway, he followed. Then it was Sebastian who came next, which was followed by Nicolas, who looked rather suspicious about the whole thing, and then Darcy.
Conrad was just coming out into the garden when a slight figure ran through the other side and slammed the door shut. Conrad called out Toby's name, searching wildly around him.
The brothers watched on, wondering if Conrad had gone just that little bit overboard with his hallucination. He claimed to have heard Toby barking since early this morning. Of course, they concluded that it must just have been one of neighbors' dog along the street.
"Toby!" Conrad called out again. "Come here, boy."
Tristan came over to his brother and put his hand over Conrad's shoulder. "Come on, bro, let's have some coffee."
Conrad gave Tristan a dark frown. "I swear I saw Toby just now in the garden."
Logan said, "Look, Conrad, we know how much you miss that little dog, as do we, but come on, man. The pup is with Sakura right now, in Soho."
Conrad took a deep breath, wondering if he was going a bit overboard with his imagination. "Yeah, you're right." He turned on his heels, a dark scowl on his face. A few moments later, he, Logan, and Tristan headed back inside the penthouse.
"Well, that was fun," Nicolas said.
Sebastian chuckled and nodded his head. Darcy was staring at the closed door to the other side of the garden, the way to the corridor that lead to the main building. He was pretty sure he saw a shadow of a girl there.