
Ned didn't dare explain to her that their landlord was Sebastian Princeton, the man who was infatuated with her paintings. If he told her, she'd flip and tell him to stop everything immediately.
"Whoa!" Sakura couldn't believe it. She placed her hand on her chest. Suddenly, she was feeling just a bit dizzy. "My mother and my paintings, both in New York."
"Waiting for you," Ned said, chuckling.
"Thank you, Ned," Sakura said, tears in her eyes. "Thank you so much."
"Didn't I tell you you look disgusting when you have tears in your eyes?" he scolded.
Sakura chuckled. "You did indeed, Ned dear."
After that, they both returned to their paintings. Sakura was so engrossed that she'd forgotten about the time until Mary texted her.
"Oh, damn!" she muttered under her breath.
Ned glanced up. "Must be dinnertime," he said. "Mother hen looking for her chick."
Sakura laughed. "Mother hen Mary," she said. "Hold on. It is rather late. I better tell them to start without me."
"You're not eating properly again," Ned said. "This is when a husband comes in handy."
"Not interested," Sakura said as she began to text Mary back.
"That Mark person is interested," Ned said. "So I heard."
"This Sakura person isn't interested," Sakura replied, packing up her gear.
"Well, good luck with that," Ned said. "Now home with you and stop bothering me. You're wasting my electricity and paints," he muttered.
Sakura laughed. "I shall indeed come and waste more of your wonderful electricity and paints." She grabbed her satchel and headed to the door. "See ya later."
"Say hi to Beth for me. Tell her she's been neglecting me again. Tell her she's starving me. Tell her I don't miss her."
"Will do," she said, waved, and left the cottage.
Sakura couldn't believe it. She'd spent her whole Sunday with Ned, painting. Although she admitted that she had thoroughly enjoyed it, and not seeing Alaina or Tara was the best part.
The sun was setting on the far west of the island, and Sakura couldn't help but fall in love with the glow of the orange sky. She quickly got out her camera and took some pictures. Once she was done, she headed toward the small pathway through the woods toward Princeton Estate.
It was twenty minutes later when she sighted the stately mansion, and instead of walking in through the front door, she headed around to the back.
She sneaked into the kitchen and nearly jumped out of her skin when Beth snapped at her. "You're late for dinner."
Sakura chuckled. "Of course I am. It's all your fault, Beth dear. If you hadn't neglected your brother for so long, then I wouldn't have to be there looking after him. If you must know, he's starving for your affection."
Beth chuckled. "Affection my ass," she said. "All that brother of mine wants is your delicious coffee, just like everyone else. Now they're complaining about my standard coffee. Give them a cup and they'll be good for the day." She grabbed Sakura by the arm and nudged her to the coffee machine that apparently only Sakura knew how to make do magic. "Now redeem yourself and make nine cups of coffee before they all die of disappointment."
Sakura snapped her head up to look at Beth in shocked surprise. "Nine? Nine cups!"