
"Don't worry," Akira said, pulling her by the hand and leading her away from the living area-away from the men. "We won't intrude. Oba-chan is currently with your adopted parents at the moment up at the penthouse."
"Daddy James and Mom Brenda are here already?" Sakura voiced, incredulous.
Conrad heard them from the living area and shouted, "They were here ages ago. You were sleeping."
Sakura clamped her lips shut and thought what a terrible adopted daughter she was.
"I better hurry," she said, rushing back to her room.
Akira followed her and said, "Don't worry. They won't be going anywhere."
Some ten minutes later, Sakura came out of the bathroom, and Akira cocked her head to one side. Dressed in a short floral day dress, Akira admit that Sakura was a beauty all right. She further thought that either Sebastian or Darcy would be a perfect partner for her. If she was in Sakura's shoes, she wouldn't know who to choose though. Both men were wonderful, totally hot and loved Sakura to bits-that Akira was sure off the moment she had seen the three together.
Sakura gathered her long tresses and started patting the strands dry with a towel.
"You do know that it's Sosuke's birthday tomorrow, right?" Akira asked, leaning back on the bed.
Sakura nodded. "I promised to help prepare dinner for the celebration."
Akira laughed as she rested her head on her arm, her eyes on Sakura. "Are you sure you still want to do that?"
At Akira's smirk, Sakura was suspicious and turned her gaze to her friend. "What is that supposed to mean?"
"It's just that," Akira began, shrugging her shoulders, "there will be nine more people now."
Sakura widened her eyes in shocked surprise. "Come again?"
Akira laughed. "Sosuke has invited your adopted family as well. The Princeton brothers."
"Oh," was Sakura's reply.
"It's traditional in our family, Sakura-chan," Akira said. "It has to be a formal dinner. Of course the housekeeper and I will be helping you out."
"How about if I ask Jane to come and help as well?" Sakura suggested. She actually wanted Jane to attend Sosuke's birthday party, seeing how smitten the woman was with Sosuke.
"Oh, Jane." Akira nodded, remembering the blond woman who Sakura had brought along that day a couple of weeks ago. "Yes, she's nice. Ask her."
"I'll do that," Sakura said. She was just finishing patting her hair when a knock came at the door.
"Come in," Sakura called.
And the intruders did come in-all seven of them. Their tall, handsome forms blocking the door and crowding the bedroom.
"Come on, Sakura, Mom and Dad are waiting for you," Hayden said.
"Gosh!" Akira chuckled, her eyes scanning from one to the other. "You guys couldn't leave her alone, could you?"
It was meant to be a jest but Nicolas scolded at her. "And let her run off again?"
Akira blushed and wanted to poke her tongue at him. She was tempted to do that but knowing that she was a grown woman, resigned to simply glare at him instead. She promised herself that she'd make the man kneel on his knees before her, somehow, someway.
Sebastian took Sakura by the wrist and led her out the door, with Darcy close behind them. The others followed suit, leaving Nicolas behind.