
Sakura felt a sort of glow within her as she watched everyone laughing and enjoying their cake that she had baked only that morning. The word 'family'-'my family' kept echoing within her head. It was then when Akira and Jane came around and ushered her to the kitchen to make some coffee. Some half an hour later, everyone was enjoying their delicious, perfectly made coffee whilst watching Sosuke opening his presents. He was still embarrassed and didn't understand why he had to go through opening presents like kids, which Nicolas wholeheartedly agreed. But then Nicolas knew there was no way out of this where Tristan and Logan was concerned. They'd made sure Sosuke felt the full force of being a part of a Princeton circle.
Sakura stood back and watched as Sosuke opened another wrapped box. Out came a set of raunchy DVDs with hot girls in bikinis, which everyone cheered. Sosuke pulled a face and looked heavenward.
"It's for when you're lonely," Tristan said, and everyone laughed. There was no doubt whose present that was from.
Within the noise of the merriment, Sakura suddenly noticed that Toby was missing. Normally, he's be barking excitedly at the loud cheers, especially when the brothers were around. She wouldn't missed the dog's animated clamor. Her pup had been with Conrad at the beginning of the meal and then hopped around from one Princeton brother to the other, sharing their food and begging them to pet him. The last time she had looked, Toby had been with Darcy. That had been before she had left for the kitchen to make the coffee.
Worried that the little canine might get into some sort of trouble, she turned on her heel, intending to search for the dog. She came into the kitchen, noting that the housekeeper and maid were enjoying their cup of coffee as well here in the quietness. Involuntarily her eyes came to rest on the benchtop where a single cup of coffee still resided, the one meant for Darcy. Apparently, he too had disappeared whilst she had been in the kitchen preparing the hot drinks.
Determined not to think about him, she nodded at the housekeeper and maid politely, which they returned her silent greeting with smiles. Sakura then headed back out and left the apartment. She went up to the third floor, because she knew Toby would be there if he wasn't in the apartment.
As she came through the corridor, she softly called out the dog's name. When she opened the last door into the private courtyard that belonged to the Princeton brothers, she caught her breath at the back of her throat.
At this time of the night when the sky was completely dark with tiny dots of stars shimmering in the distance and the garden basked in different shades of light with cherry blossom trees as the backdrop, it was breathtakingly beautiful. Sakura felt like she was in Japan, viewing cherry blossom in full bloom at night.
A bark drew her attention from the exquisite scenery to the man and dog under the tree. Sakura felt her heart skip a beat when she realized that it was Darcy and Toby. In that instant, she thought he could be her muse for a painting, with him wearing the yukata, sitting with his back resting against the fully bloomed tree and Toby on his lap. They were a strikingly beautiful picture, and it made Sakura's heart glowed with a certain warmth.