
"Yeah?" Nicolas asked, couldn't help that he couldn't stop himself from looking at her. Her eyes were bright and her smile was contagious. He felt his heart warmed. "Recite it for me."
She blinked. "Are you sure? It might put you to sleep like it did me."
He chuckled. "Then all the better."
"Okay," she said. "Here goes."
Nicolas nodded.
Sakura cleared her throat and began to recite the passage.
"To be, or not to be..."
Nicolas watched her closely. Her eyes were bright and her cheeks were flushed. She had a faraway look on her face that did something odd in his heart. She looked as though she were thinking of something. She looked hurt, and by instinct, Nicolas wanted to protect her.
Sakura stopped. Nicolas noted that her eyes were brewing with tears. He didn't dare say a thing. She was in her own world.
"I lied," she said suddenly. She looked up at him. His heart missed a beat. And Nicolas's heart never missed a beat. "I love Shakespeare. He's wonderful. I love his work. There's so much meaning, like the one I've just recited. What is the meaning of living? Why live when there is so much suffering? So much pain? Sometimes it's unbearable. Perhaps if you die, then it's probably better. You wouldn't feel the pain anymore, at least. But then the uncertainty of death itself is very scary and probably worse than living, don't you think?"
Nicolas couldn't help himself. He pulled her into his arms and hugged her tight.
"Stop it," he said softly into her hair. "Life is full of fun and wonderful things. What happened to you when you were younger is beyond repair, but you choose your own path. Yes, you didn't know who your real mother was. Yes, there were problems with us, but you make yourself happy, Sakura. You choose, and I promise I'll do my best to make you happy, too."
Sakura chuckled. "You, Nicolas? You are ever so much like Daddy James." She glanced down, embarrassed. "Sorry. I'm so used to calling him that. I know you and your brothers don't like it."
Nicolas didn't deny that. "Yes, we hate it."
Sakura frowned. "He is like a real father to me though."
"I know," he said.
"You know, inside me I'm still hoping you and your brothers will still accept me as your sister," she said softly. Instantly, she thought about Sebastian and Darcy and their kisses. They'd never thought of her as their sister-ever. And they had kissed her-so passionately that her insides cried with pleasure. Yet she knew and felt that those kisses were forbidden, and it pained her that she should so enjoy them.
Nicolas sighed. "No. I don't think that will ever come to be, Sakura."
She looked disappointed. "Even you?" she asked, gazing up at him.
Nicolas gritted his teeth. How could he tell her that he and his brothers wanted her all right, but not as their sister-as a woman?
"I see," she murmured under her breath. "Well, if you do want to read that book, it is good at putting you to sleep." She looked up and gave him a smile. "Good night, Nicolas."
She moved to his left and then limped to the door. Nicolas stared unseeingly at the book. A moment later, he turned and marched out the door after her.
Sakura gasped as Nicolas scooped her up in his arms. She didn't know what to say and stared at him in shock.