
Sebastian wasn't prepared, either, to see her half-naked in front of him. He couldn't help but notice the smoothness of her slender back all the way down to the curve of her backside. As she caught the dress at her waist, he had a good view of her breasts, and, by Jove, they made him want to weep with joy. They were the most amazing breasts he had ever seen: porcelain white, full, round, and perked at just the right angle. Perfect in a man's hand. Perfect in my hands.
Sakura pulled the dress back up to cover herself, barely. As in the nature of any woman, she only covered her breasts, so her back was still totally exposed to him.
"Sebastian, please get out," she said quietly, her cheeks blushing. "And bring me a towel."
Sebastian was used to seeing half-naked women. It was just kind of normal since Alaina, Tara, and their friends were always in their bikinis during the summers. Then sometimes the urge came and he'd brought home those occasional women for the night, but even when they were naked in front of him, he needed to be worked on in order to get going. But not this time. Not with this one. This one was a bit different. This one made his heart race and his palms sweat. This one made him hard on sight. And she didn't even do anything. In fact, she was telling him to leave.
He took a step back, trying to control himself, trying to calm down, trying very hard to suppress his desire for the girl before him.
"I got the dress," Conrad called out.
Sebastian heard him coming toward the bathroom, and before his brother had the chance to peek inside, he grabbed the dress from Conrad's hand, said, "Towel!" and slammed the door shut again.
Sakura relaxed, thinking Sebastian had left. She gathered her long hair, bunched it up, and let it rest over one shoulder. Then she proceeded to turn to the running shower.
Sebastian was hoping his desire would die down, but it was getting worse. His hand tightened on the dress. Shit, he thought. He had to get out of here.
"Where's the towel?" Conrad called out from the other side.
Sakura was testing the water with her fingers and reluctantly turned to answer Conrad. She gasped in fright when she saw Sebastian was still in the bathroom with her.
"Sebastian!" she shrieked, her voice husky. "What are you still doing in here?"
Sebastian tried to sound as normal as he could and managed a cool reply. "Waiting for the towel."
Sakura tightened her grip on the dress at her chest and glared at him. He couldn't blame her for that. He was rather thankful she couldn't see him going hard with desire for her.
He passed her the dress and after turning the doorknob left the room in a hurry. A moment later, he opened the door again and threw her the towel.
Once the door was latched again, Sebastian turned to look at Conrad, who was now sitting on the carpet with Toby on his lap.
Sebastian came to sit beside him, his back resting against the bed. He turned his attention to Sakura's bedroom and was instantly surprised at what he saw. He thought her bedroom would be plain with just a normal-sized double bed, a wardrobe for her clothes, and perhaps a study desk. But this was far from it. Her room was designed and decorated tastefully, with a soft, earthy palette. There was a featured wall where the head of the queen-size bed rested-lovely pink cherry blossoms and golden leaves. There was a French-Georgian style recliner, sofa, and study desk and chair. He noted the laptop, camera, and sketchbook and pencils neatly arranged on the antique desk. He especially loved the flower arrangement sitting to the side, magnolia and cherry blossoms. What a beautiful combination.