
It was to the brothers' surprise that Mr. Tachibana suddenly appeared at their doorstep, along of course with Ms. Ruka. Beth ushered them in and showed them in the living area. As he requested it, the brothers all made their appearances. Mr. Tachibana couldn't helped himself and counted the number.
"One, two, three, four," he said, now looking at Conrad. Then, "Five, six, and seven." He ended with Darcy standing further away from them, with a dark scowl on his face.
"What's this about?" Darcy asked the designer, coming down the few steps that separated the dinning from the living area.
Mr. Tachibana shuffled himself in his seat, to make himself comfortable, of course. Then he cleared his throat and began. "Did you called me earlier today, Nicolas-kun?"
At Nicolas's nod, Mr. Tachibana asked, "What did you want me for?"
"I was going to ask you if a certain young woman was there to see you about the gown."
At this, Mr. Tachibana laughed. "Of course she did. And might I say what a lovely young lady she is."
"Mr. Tachibana," Sebastian said suspiciously. "You're here for something else. Spit it out."
Ms. Ruka, who was sitting beside Logan, chuckled and said, "Sebastian-kun, you see right through my sensei." Of course, she couldn't help not touching the handsome Logan who was frowning at her darkly. She was stroking the man's arm. Logan felt a little weird and quickly moved to the side, a little away from Ms. Ruka. She wouldn't have any of it, of course, and came after him. She touched his arm and gave him a big grin. Logan looked heavenward and wondered why he was the one who ended up being Ms. Ruka's pet.
Mr. Tachibana relaxed back in his seat and folded his arms across his chest. He said, "My request for you brothers to become my models still stands."
Logan chuckled, slapping Ms. Ruka's hand away from his thigh. "More like begging."
"No. No. Not begging, Logan-kun. This time not begging. This time really is a request because I am sure you will not turn me down."
Hayden laughed sarcastically. "Good luck with that."
"Well, that is too bad," Mr. Tachibana said. "Because Sosuke-kun had just agreed to be one of my male models this afternoon. Of course his sister, Akira-chan, is also one of the female models, as well as your sister, Alainna and Tara."
At the mentioning of the last two names, Darcy's nose flared and his face harden. Sebastian scowled and said, "That is enough, Mr. Tachibana. We've already told you-"
"Oh, and I forgot to mention the young lady Sakura Tanaka have already agreed to be my model for the shoot as well."
"What?" the brothers shouted out in unison.
Conrad said, "Sakura? She agreed to be your female cast?"
Mr. Tachibana looked around at the brothers in satisfaction. There were no doubt shocked look all round. He said, "Yes, like I said. The young lady Sakura Tanaka. She has agreed to be my main female model. Oh, you should see her. She's perfect for most of my outfits. Of course, she'd be shooting with all the eight male models. That is if I could find them." He narrowed his eyes shrewdly at the brothers, particularly at Nicolas because he was the top dog.
"We'll do it," Darcy said without hesitation.
Sebastian chimed in, "When is it? The end of this month, wasn't it."
Mr. Tachibana thought that that was fast and clasped his hand together. "Marvelous. Thank you so much, everyone, for helping me out."