
"I don't see the point until I get my facts right," he said.
"What does that mean?" Sebastian asked. "Come on, Dad."
The phone range just then, and James saw the name Erick flashing on the small screen. He picked up and said to his sons, "The facts," indicating to the phone. "I need to get this." Then he walked off, in deep, hushed conversation with whoever was on the other side of the line.
Brenda muttered, "Sit down." She pulled both Hayden and Logan's hands and made them sit. The brothers obeyed their mother and made himself comfortable on the sofas and chairs.
"Mom?" Conrad called out, drawing his mother's attention. "You have another spare room, right?"
Brenda nodded. "Yes?"
"Can I come to stay for a few stays?" He gave his mother a handsome smile which she sure to pleased her.
Brenda laughed. "Of course, Conrad. I do miss having you around."
"Thanks, Mom." He jumped up and hugged her tight.
Tristan and Logan knew what the little brat was up to. He was claiming that spare room so he could stay here with Sakura. The greedy bastard.
"You wouldn't mind sharing a room with me, would you, Conrad?" Tristan asked, his brow raised at his younger brother.
Conrad said, "I would mind very much."
The room turned quiet for a moment as the brothers tried to make out what their Dad was saying into the phone. Of course, they couldn't understand anything because James was coming in and going out and about. There were only a few of the yeses and hums and ahhs etc. Nothing made sense, and to be sure, they were getting a little frustrated.
"You boys don't have work today?" Brenda asked after sipping her coffee. Of course she knew they did, but she just wanted to tease.
By the time James finished with the call, the brothers were more than ready and dying to know a little more than nothing about this hushed subject that put their father on edge.
James came to sit beside Nicolas and rubbed his hand on the side of his wrinkled face. "Just as I thought."
Nicolas asked, "What did you think?"
"It's not one hundred percent sure yet, but Sakura might be in danger."
Brenda gasped, for she knew what her husband was talking about. Not so for their sons, however, because they all looked confused.
"Danger? Sakura is in danger? From what?" Logan asked.
"Ah, I think it's best Sakura tell you when she wakes up," James said. "As of now, she needs her rest and you boys need to be patient."
"Come on, Dad," Sebastian said. "How can we be patient when you said Sakura's life could be in danger?"
"Sebastian is right," Darcy said. "Why is Sakura in danger? From who?"
"Sakura needs to know what I've just found out as well," James said. "For now, you boys wait until she's up."
The brothers wasn't satisfied with their father's reluctant to share the information with them, but agreed regardless. It was then that Toby appeared at the door and silently made his way to the brothers. He jumped into Hayden's lap and made himself comfortable.
"If Sakura is in danger," Conrad said. "At least she has seven of us to keep her safe."
"Yeah," Tristan said. "From whatever maniac out there. At least I assume it's a person, this danger."