
The sensation of a warm, wet tongue and soft fur on her fingertips woke Sakura up. She fluttered her eyes open and stared up at the ceiling that seem rather strange to her. Where am I? was the first question that popped up in her mind. She blinked a couple of times, trying to figure out if this was her bedroom. Surely, she would remember what her own bedroom looked like. But why couldn't she remember how she got back to the apartment. More importantly, why did her bedroom looked so different?
The licking became more insistent, drawing Sakura's attention to the culprit. The moment she saw Toby, she smiled.
"Hello," she greeted softly.
Toby snuggled his head under her palm, begging her to pet him. She laughed and obliged to please the little beast.
"I think I'm going mad, Toby," she said. "I can't seemed to remember where I am."
It was then that she sat up and realized she was in an enormous king sized bed that didn't belonged to her. When she drifted her gaze across the entire length of the large room, she sucked in her breath.
Oh Mother of God! She realized that she was actually sleeping in one of the brother's room and bed, and there on the floor, were the Princeton brothers, all seven of them. She blinked and rubbed her eyes, to confirm herself that she wasn't hallucinating.
Toby snuggled himself against her chest and groaned softly as she mindlessly stroked him.
Oh God! How did I get here?
Last night. It must have been last night. She remembered Sosuke's birthday party, the fun and the laughter, and then her finding Darcy and Toby under the cherry blossom tree. The kisses. There was those kisses she had received from Darcy. Then Sebastian arrived, and he, Darcy and herself was laying on the grass, staring up at the stars. And then nothing.
She gasped. One of them must have carried her into the penthouse. She bit her lip. One of them should have at least wake her up. Gosh! These men.
"Come on, Toby, we better get out of here," she said. After all, it was a Monday and she had work to do. Not to mention she had that appointment with the doctor. She needed to check out her health, after all.
With Toby tight against her chest, she climbed out of the bed, minding the yukata which she still wore. Stepping softly onto the thick carpet, she glanced from one handsome, manly body to another, trying to find the best course of direction to reach the door—the exit. Tristan was just by her feet, closest to the bed. He slept there like a bodyguard, protecting her and preventing anyone from passing him. Hayden was next to him, head resting on Tristan's stomach, of course. Logan was to Hayden's left, his body positioned diagonally to the brother. Nicolas was to the far side of the room near the study desk. Darcy near the sofa and next to him was Sebastian, near the door. So far, Sakura surmised that Conrad was the only brother who had the most comfortable bed, being on that large, cozy sofa.
Why didn't they go to sleep in their own room, for God's sake? And why didn't they wake her up so she could return to the apartment?
She tightened her arms around Toby and tentatively stepped over Tristan, and at the same time, avoiding landing her feet on Hayden's face. The yukata didn't help much either as it was quite tight about the legs and taking long steps was just impossible. And that next haul required that long steps indeed. Thus, she clutched the material of the yukata with one hand as she pulled the hem up her legs. Toby licked her chin, encouraging her to do it. She smiled and nodded.
"Here we go," she whispered as she pulled the hem of the yukata higher to the side and then stretched her leg out, over stepping Hayden's body.