
"Shouldn't he be telling his staff to that?" Tristan said from the other side of the room. "Nicolas, I mean."
"All his staff are busy," Logan put in. "I would imagine. And Sebastian was free."
Sebastian turned to frown at his brothers.
"Nah, I think Nicolas is just too easy going with his staff," Hayden said, sipping his tasteless coffee.
The door opened at that moment and Nicolas and Sosuke walked in.
"Say that again, Hayden?" Nicolas said to his brother.
Hayden took the bait and said again, "I think you're too easy going with your staff."
"Then maybe you'd be kind enough to teach me a few things about staff management?" Nicolas raised his blond brows at his brother. "I'd be glad indeed."
Hayden chuckled. "I'd be glad to, bro."
"Damn," Conrad put in. "You two are always going on about that." He sighed and looked heavenward.
"By the way," Sosuke put in, looking around the room. "Where is Darcy-san. I haven't seen him at all today. Is he not coming to the event?"
"He'd be at his loft doing his artsy thing," Conrad supplied. Then the youngest of the Princeton brothers couldn't really help himself and asked, "By the way, Sosuke, that woman you bumped into this morning by the lift?"
Sosuke raised his brows and suddenly started to rock himself back and forward. Haruka noticed and hid a smile. Her nephew only did that when he was into something and tried to hide it. Now she was interested in this blond woman they had glimpsed that morning by the lift.
"Yes," Sosuke asked evasively.
"You did see her face, didn't you?" Conrad asked.
"Yeah," Tristan added, interested now as well. "What does she look like?"
Sosuke frowned and noticed himself rocking back and forward. He made himself stop and cleared his throat. "Why do you want to know?"
Logan was beside him now and swung his arm over Sosuke's shoulders. "Come on now, Sosuke my friend, spit it out. Can't keep a beautiful woman all to yourself, you know. We share."
Sosuke didn't like the sound of that.
"Hey," Nicolas put in, frowning at Tristan and Logan who was having rather a good time teasing the Japanese man. "That's Sosuke's business."
Tristan chuckled. "Come on, man, what does she looked like?"
"Pretty?" Logan asked.
"Hot?" Tristan added.
"Sexy?" Hayden queried.
"Blue eyes?" Conrad put in. "It always goes with the blond hair."
"I think you guys should really take this outside," Sebastian said, indicating that there were conservative adults here that didn't want to hear of such conversation. He was referring to his parents and Haruka.
His brothers, however, weren't listening to him and continued.
Tristan said, "I'm partial to blue eyes. I like blue eyes."
"Me, too," Logan added. "There is that something with blue eyes and blond hair. They're perfect together."
"I'm into black hair and chocolaty brown eyes," Conrad said.
The room suddenly gone dead silent as the brothers stared at Conrad who went rather red in the face.