
"Me, too," Logan said from the other side.
"You're moving?" Sosuke asked, quite upset about the whole idea. "Did you know this, Oba-sama?" He turned to his aunt for support.
Haruka knew Sosuke felt threaten. If Sakura really did moved in with the brothers, then his chance of getting her attention was zero. And of course Haruka didn't know, and she turned her attention to Sakura for answer.
"No. No. No." Sakura voiced quickly. "I haven't decided yet."
"You don't want to live with us, Sakura?" Tristan wanted to know. He looked decidedly wounded, and instead of feeling sorry for him, Sakura wanted to laugh.
"You have until after Hawaii to think about it," Nicolas stated, looking pointedly at her like James usually did.
"I didn't know the invitation has an expiry date." Sakura cocked her head to one side. "Who know? I might not make my decision until the end of the year."
At this comment, the brothers eyed one another, a knowing look plastered on their handsome faces. Sakura knew what that meant. If she didn't decide by the time they returned from Hawaii, the brothers would use dirty tactics to get her to move. Smart and cunning, these brothers, she thought in irritation.
Haruka said, "Thank you everyone, for coming."
At James and Brenda's nod, Sosuke took his cue and said at large, "Please enjoy the meal."
"Happy birthday, Sosuke-kun!" Tristan shouted loudly, and Toby followed with an excited bark.
Logan jabbed his brother with his elbow. "Not yet!"
At this, everyone laughed. Sakura chose that moment to take a peek at Darcy, who was quietly chuckling away at his brothers. When he caught her eyes, she quickly glance away, her heart pounding in her chest. Sebastian noticed. He gently touched her hand, drawing her attention to him. He said quietly, "You should talk to him to clear things up."
Sakura wasn't sure if that was a good idea. That short session at the corridor was pretty bad enough. Besides, what was there to clear up? Darcy didn't want to claim his prize, didn't want to kiss her. So what?
When the cheerful noise died down, they started their meals, and Sakura dismissed Darcy from her mind. Hands were everywhere, moving in and taking food. Conrad took a cute sushi in the shape of a panda and placed it on her plate. It was the one she made this morning with Haruka and the housekeeper.
"Don't forget to make me coffee," he whispered.
Sakura chuckled and thanked him profusely for the sushi. When she said that she'd make him a cup, more sushi landed on her plate; one each from Logan, Hayden, Nicolas and Akira, and three from Sosuke, informing her they wanted their cup of coffee as well.
"You need to eat more, Sakura-chan," Sosuke said, smiling at her. "You work so hard for the last few weeks."
Sakura thanked him for his consideration, which pleased him and annoyed the brothers. Tristan decided to outdo everyone and came around to his adopted sister with five beef yakitori. "There, you're too pale for my liking, Sakura darling. Meat is full of protein and iron. Good for your health." He winked at her, and was about to give her a peek on the cheek in front of everyone when Sebastian shoved him away.
"Go back to you seat, Tristan," Sebastian said in exasperation. "You're invading Sakura's space."
Tristan pretended to fall on his backside and said, "Sakura darling, your boyfriend is a bastard!"
Everyone laughed, except for Sosuke, who looked decidedly wounded, and Darcy, who had a dark scowl on his face. An hour and a half later, the table was cleared for Sosuke's cake. He had protested wholeheartedly about cakes and singing him a happy birthday song, but the brothers would have none of the nonsense and everyone started singing anyway, with Tristan as the out-of-tune choir conductor. He was using his chopsticks to swing about as everyone sang. Of course Tristan and Logan was the loudest, and by the time the song ended, Sosuke was bright red in the face with embarrassment. Tristan ordered him to blow the candle, which Sosuke reluctantly obliged and blew all thirty candles out in two puffs. A big cheer went up and the enormous cake was cut and shared around.