
"And besides, if I keep going, I know I won't be able to control myself from taking you all the way."
Sakura's whole body shivered deliciously at his honest confession. Not to mention the hot, dark look in his eyes that made her bone weak and her core burnt with an aching desire that she had never felt before.
Sebastian slowly moved back reluctantly. He gave her a an achingly, handsome smile would have made anything woman throw away her moral and let him take her. Then he took her hand and led her across the corridor and down the stairs. Once at the door to the apartment, Sakura kissed Sebastian on the cheek and said goodnight. Sebastian, however, wasn't satisfied with just that and gave her another hot kiss on the lips.
When he moved back, she laughed. "You said you weren't going to kiss me anymore."
"I didn't say that." He chuckled. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you who I was..."
Sakura nodded her head. She understood what he was referring to. "You were planning on telling me though?"
He laughed. "I knew that last sentence shocked you." At Sakura nod, he went on. "If this didn't happen, I would have sent you a message regardless and tell you exactly how I feel and who the heck I am."
Sakura placed her hands on his left chest where his heart was and said, "You're Sebastian Princeton, and you'll always behave like Sebastian Princeton. You could never leave me alone, could you?"
He chuckled. "When it comes to you, Sakura, I could never leave you alone. But I better say goodnight now because, heck, I don't want to keep you up until three in the morning and make you sick again."
She laughed. "It's not three yet and I did have a good nap this afternoon after the shock of seeing all you brothers again out of the blue." She dropped her hand from his chest and took a step back. "But yes, it is getting late and I have to prepare Sosuke's birthday party tomorrow."
"I can't wait to come." He confessed. "You'll look amazing in a yukata."
She cocked her head to one side. "I didn't even know we're wearing a yukata."
"It was Tristan's idea. But yes, we're all wearing yukata."
Sakura nodded. She herself couldn't wait to see the brothers, all seven of them, wearing the Japanese clothing either. They'd look awesome. She thought she better get her camera ready to take pictures. Maybe she even get to post some up on her website to attract young females buyers who wants photos of hot men in yukatas. That was if she got their permission first, of course.
"Goodnight, Seb," she said teasingly, a grand smile on her lips.
He laughed. "I still want to kiss, Sakura, again and again." And he did do it once again, grabbing her into his arms before she could escaped. He kissed her lips so deep and so passionately that it made Sakura's heart burst with joy. When he did finally released her, he had his face buried against the nape of her slender neck, inhaling her sweet scent.
"God, I love the way you smell," he said.
She laughed. "I know, I can smell you brothers a mile away." It was an exaggeration, of course, but Sebastian was pleased with her confession.
He pulled back and said, "Can you now?"
"Sebastian, I really have to go," she said, pushing at his massive chest. "I'm staying with Lady Haruka and her family, and it's not proper to come home so late..."
"Then move in with us." He suggested. "Like Conrad said, we have a spare room. It's perfect for you. Please, Sakura, think about it."