
Akira nodded and bowed her head to greet each one in turn.
"And this is Lady Haruka, her nephew Sosuke who you've already met, and of course Akira, Lady Haruka's niece."
Tristan took a step forward instantly and took Akira's hand. "So glad to meet you, Akira," he said, kissing her soft hand.
Akira laughed, pleased. Sosuke scowled. Logan hid a smile. Sebastian shook his head. And Conrad looked heavenward if as to say 'there he goes again'.
"This is Luke Hamilton," Sebastian said. "He'll be looking after you, Lady Haruka, Sosuke."
"I thank you, Luke-san," Haruka said, bowing her head politely at Luke.
Luke chuckled and bowed his head awkwardly back.
"By the way, where's Nicolas?" Sosuke asked, looking around.
"He's up in his office. Said you should go and meet him there," Conrad supplied.
"Thanks, Conrad-san," Sosuke said. "Now if you all excuse me." He bowed and then headed toward the lift.
"Nicolas?" Akira said. "Is that your eldest brother, Sebastian-san?"
'Yes," Sebastian replied.
"But he's not as interesting as us," Tristan put in, indication that Nicolas wasn't as interesting as he and Logan was.
"He's a bore," Logan added, giving her a handsome smile.
Akira chuckled. "I'm not interested in boring men who are only interested in his work."
"Good for you, my dear," Tristan said, winking at her.
During this time on the other side of the lobby, Sosuke was just about to get into the lift when he bumped into somebody very hard as she was rushing out.
"I'm so sorry."
Sosuke gained his composure and looked up. He sucked in his breath once he had laid eyes on the exotic beauty with two different colors eyes. He opened his mouth to say something but couldn't figure out what to say as his brain was momentarily frozen.
The beauty politely smiled at him, thinking that he might not have understood her considering the fact that he looked rather foreign.
"What country are you from?" she asked.
Sosuke blinked. Oh Lord, he thought, did he really look that out of place here for her to have guessed that he was but a foreigner to her? He cleared his throat and said, "Japan."
She seemed almost glad for him to have said that particular name of the country. She suddenly bowed her head and said, "Moushiwake arimasen."
Sosuke was impressed. She knew how to speak Japanese, and very well, too?
"Daijobuda yo," he said, chuckling. "I can speak English just fine."
The beauty lifted her head and blushed a becoming pink. Sosuke nearly chocked on his breath gazing at her. He had always thought that women with blond hair were not to his taste, but apparently that now had changed. And the fact that this woman wore two different eyes contact lenses-one a sky blue and one an odd gray color that looked almost like a pale lavender-only fascinated him even more.
"Then I'm sorry for bumping into you," she said again, bowing her head. "I was in such a rush. I'm helping my friend out for the show, you see. She works backstage and they're shorthanded. It's my first time so I actually have no idea what I'm doing." Then she laughed.