
"Wow!" Logan laughed. "That fast?"
Conrad sniffed and said, "You smell of coffee."
At this, the brothers leaned closer. They all suddenly realized that Sosuke did smelt like coffee. Not just any coffee, but their Sakura's coffee.
"Did this girlfriend of yours made you coffee this morning?" Sebastian asked with interest.
Sosuke nodded. "Well, she's not my girlfriend yet. But I plan to..." He stopped himself short, suddenly wondering that if the brother knew the woman he was referring to was Sakura, their adopted sister, would they be okay with him dating her? Suddenly he had doubt. He sensed that these brothers were very protective of her, as he was with Akira. It was then that Sosuke didn't want to share Sakura with them. Yes, he was greedy in that regard, he'll admit.
"Did she happened to be swimming this morning?" Darcy asked out of the blue.
Sebastian frowned.  "Yes, I think I saw her this morning at the pool."
Sosuke panicked. Shit! Have they seen Sakura then?
"No, I don't think so," he said the truth, since he didn't know whether she had gone for a swim at the pool or not this morning. He hadn't seen anyone awake when he was up, and once he had returned from the swim, Sakura had been in the kitchen with the housekeeper helping the woman prepare breakfast. And then of course that beautiful coffee this morning.
Once again he smiled and thought that he couldn't wait to return home for dinner and that wonderful coffee.
The door dinged open and the brothers and Sosuke got out. The brothers headed to the garage out back and into their respective cars, heading to their respective destination; Nicolas and Conrad to The Princeton Hotel, Hayden and Darcy to their gaming company, HD Game Cooperation out in Brooklyn, Tristan and Logan to their office in the city Manhattan, and Sebastian to do a deal in Queens.
* * * * *

Story Note: At this point I think I need to clarify the relationship between Sakura and the Suzuki family, as it confuses a lot of people. First of, Sakura is not related to Sosuke and Akira. Lady Haruka Suzuki, maiden name Haruka Tanaka, had a relationship with an unknown American man (at this stage unknown) and gave birth to Sakura. This is where A Secret Kiss begins. She leaves Sakura at the door step of the orphanage because she has to go back to Japan to get married to Sosuke and Akira's uncle, Kenji Suzuki. If she were to take Sakura with her, then her family will disown her and she will have dishonored her family. Please read Prologue of A Secret Proposal again. It will explain it there. So  Haruka is aunt to both Sosuke and Akira through marriage. Another words, they are in-laws, not blood related. Hence, Sakura has no family connection with Sosuke and Akira at all, except that Haruka is married into the Suzuki family. I hope this clarify the difficult, somewhat intertwine relationship between everyone. Please also note that since Sakura has changed her name from Sakura Princeton to Sakura Tanaka, she is no longer a Princeton and therefore no longer the brothers' adopted sister ^_^
Alexia's Note: Thank you, everyone, for reading Falling For Sakura: A Secret Kiss and A Secret Proposal. Please help spread the words by voting and sharing these two books with your friends and followers. Use these hashtags to help out: #fallingforsakura #alexiapraks #asecretkiss #asecretproposal #teamdarcy #teamsebastian ^_^
Next Update: Saturday 16th of May ^_^