
Darcy stood up and headed straight to his sister, his eyes dark, his body tense.
"What?" Alaina asked, folding her arms across her chest.
"You nearly killed her," Darcy shouted. "How could you do that?"
"Oh, come on!" she snapped back. "She so can swim. She was just pretending. You know how-"
Darcy couldn't control himself. His palm smacked against Alaina's right cheek, sending her face swinging to the left.
Alaina blinked in shocked surprise. Darcy had never laid a hand on her before-ever. She touched her cheek, anger and hatred rising within her chest. She turned her eyes to look at her twin brother, tears brewing within them.
"Don't you ever touch her again," he said coldly. "If you do, you'll regret it."
Tara, who was behind Alaina, secretly hid a smile, though she managed to compose her face well and tried to look as shocked as she could.
"Why the hell did you hit me?" Alaina shouted, tears pouring out of her eyes. "Because of her, is that it? Why? Darcy! Why? She's just a silly bitch! I did it for you. I did it for us. I hate her. She took you from me. I hate it when you two are together. I hate it so much. We used to be really close, Darcy, you and I. But ever since she came, I lost you to her. To that motherless bitch!"
"Shut up, Alaina!" Darcy shouted. "Just shut the hell up! I said before if you ever lay your hands on her again, you'll be sorry." With that, he walked out the door.
Nicolas watched his brother go, and once they were alone, he stepped toward his sisters. "You know," he said, "I expected more from you. I thought you'd changed, and you too, Tara." He looked meaningfully to Tara.
Tara knew Nicolas was becoming all businesslike again. He was so like James in his way of dealing with things. He looked calm and collected, but inside he must have been reeling with anger. Though his way of dealing with unpleasant business looked as though he hadn't done much, she knew the consequences of not following his orders were enormous. And Tara had learned that early on. Nicolas was a pleasant adopted brother to be with, but you wouldn't want to cross him.
"So you heard him," Nicolas said. "He doesn't want you touching Sakura again. That much is obviously clear. You know how Darcy is. You're his twin, after all." He pulled his glasses from his eyes and brought them up to the light-a gesture he always did when he gave out orders and expected them done accordingly. He inspected the lenses for dirt, and when he couldn't find any, he put them back on.
"And I want the same thing. Sakura is our sister, after all, and we don't want her getting hurt." He glanced from Alaina to Tara, who stared at him as if he'd gone senile. He chuckled. "You know Sebastian owns that apartment of yours in New York, and from the looks of things, he's taking a real liking to Sakura."
Alaina harrumphed. "He'd never like her."
Nicolas cocked his head to one side. "No?" he asked, begging to differ. In fact, he'd known all along, since they were children, in fact, that Sebastian had always liked Sakura, though he had hidden his feelings from his siblings well because he'd been afraid of their disapproval.
"You understand my meaning, Alaina? Tara?" He watched them closely. "A word or two with Sebastian could save you from the streets."
"What are you implying?" Alaina shouted.
"That he knew exactly what you did, and I don't think he likes it."