
"Why? Why shouldn't I be doing this?" Kate asked. "You've ruined my life. I have to get rid of you so we all can live happily ever after." She shoved Sakura harder, but Sakura held on to the groove of the rock with one hand and Kate with the other.
Then when Sakura thought she couldn't hold on any longer, Conrad suddenly appeared on the other side, shocked to see her hanging on to the cliff within a thread of her life.
"Shit! Sakura!" he screamed. "Kate, what the hell are you doing? Get away from Sakura!"
Kate, after hearing Conrad's voice, went into shocked stillness. Then she panicked, and as if she couldn't help herself because she'd come too far, she shoved Sakura harder, which caused Sakura to lose her grip on the rock.
"Conrad!" Sakura screamed as her body fell back, her hands reaching out to him. Oh, God! She was going to die.
Conrad raced to Sakura, screaming her name. "Sakura!" His hand reached out for her, but he was too late. She was already falling from the cliff and into the ocean below.
"Sakura!" he screamed again, his voice echoing across the sea.
The voice, though mostly muffled out by the rain and the storm, reached the brothers down below. They all turned just in time to see Sakura's body flying down like a little doll and hitting the water.
Sebastian went cold the moment he saw her body. Darcy screamed his head off. "Sakura!" he howled, his voice loud, his face red, his stomach flipping with dread.
The brothers discarded their surfboards, diving deep into the ocean, and swam toward her. They propelled themselves against the current, their strong arms and legs working hard against the waves. In that instant, an enormous wave came crashing toward them, steering them off course. Sebastian dove deep under and then emerged again. Darcy was behind him, and then suddenly another wave came and smashed against Darcy, swirling his body about and throwing it off against a rock, scratching his skin and breaking his arm in the process. He fell unconscious immediately.
As soon as it was here, the wave was gone again, and Sebastian swam back to Darcy. He caught his brother and brought him up to the surface. Nicolas, Tristan, Logan, and Hayden finally got to them. Hayden took Darcy and slid him on top of his surfboard.
Sebastian, leaving Darcy in Logan and Hayden's care, dove back down and went in search for Sakura. Nicolas and Tristan weren't far behind him.
Please, God, let her be all right, Sebastian prayed. Please let her be all right.
He finally found her and vigorously swam toward her. He caught her by the small of her waist, hugged her against him, and brought her back up to the surface. Nicolas and Tristan came to help. They put her on Nicolas's surfboard and started heading back. Once they got back to the beach, Sebastian took Sakura in his arms, testing to see if she was breathing. She wasn't. Oh, shit!
He laid her back down, his heart thundering in his chest and his stomach knotted in dread. Don't die on me, sweetheart. Don't you dare die on me! he cried internally in anguish.
He opened her mouth and blew air into her lungs. Then he pressed on her chest.
"Come on," he said, anguish in his voice and tears in his eyes. He moved to blow air into her lungs again and then pressed her chest. "Sweetheart, Sakura, wake up!" he growled.
Hayden and Logan were fixing Darcy up as best as they could so he wouldn't bleed to death.