
"There you are, Sakura," James said as he walked through the door. "I was looking for you."
"Hey," she greeted him.
James took one good look at her and said, "You look dreadful. Didn't you sleep last night?"
Sakura chuckled, her cheeks burning hot at the reminder.
"Working on your photos again, are you? How many did you sell this week?" he asked.
"A few. My regular doesn't seem to be interested for a few weeks now. Maybe he didn't like the last one."
"Maybe you need help with Internet marketing," James said. "Nicolas has online businesses." He turned to his son. "Maybe you could help Sakura."
"I'd be glad to," Nicolas said. "What do you sell?"
"Photos and some of my paintings," Sakura said. "But that's okay. I'm going to shut it down soon anyway."
"Oh?" James turned to her. "Why? It's making you good money, isn't it?"
Sakura nodded. "I have other plans."
"Mind telling me what they are?" James asked curiously.
Sakura cast her eyes downward to avoid his gaze. Her heart suddenly ached in her chest. She couldn't possibly tell him now, could she? He'd be very upset, and she didn't want him to be upset, especially when the wedding was so close and all.
James understood immediately. He sighed. "I see." There was an uncomfortable silence in the room as the brothers wondered what was going on. Finally, James said, "Why don't we go to lunch?"
The brothers agreed. Sakura followed them, her mind far away.
They met up with the rest of the brothers-Tristan, Logan, Hayden, Darcy, and Conrad-down at the ground-floor restaurant. Conrad rushed over to Sakura the moment he saw her and grabbed her wrist, leading her to the buffet area. As she took a plate, Sakura felt Darcy's intense gaze on her. Her stomach flipped, and her heart raced.
He'd not spoken one word to her yet, and he looked as though he were pissed with something, his face a dark, stony mask. Conrad kept putting food onto her plate, chatting away animatedly as Sakura kept taking peeks at Darcy, who now and again also happened to catch her eyes. Instantly, she'd flicked her gaze away, embarrassed. She wondered why he was keeping his distance. Her heart jolted within her chest. What about that kiss in the woods? Had that really meant nothing to him? She was totally confused by his actions.
A few moments later, Mary, Peter, and Richard joined them.
She sat down and had lunch beside Mary, who kept chatting animatedly to Peter. Conrad chose to sit on her other side, who also kept on a constant conversation, which Sakura couldn't seem to take in as she was too deep in her own thoughts. Then she felt someone watching her. She lifted her head and saw Darcy gazing at her from across the table, his face a hard mask, his mauve-gray eyes intense on her face. Her pulse raced and her breathing became short. He looked as though he were in a dilemma, in pain.
Darcy was in fact in a very deep, dark dilemma. What to do? Oh, God, just looking at her caused his insides to ache. How could he back out of wanting this woman to be his when he loved her so much? But then again, his brother Sebastian was also in love with this woman. How could he steal Sakura from Sebastian? They were family. But he loved this woman. Shit! His heart hurt.