
Sakura blushed. The brothers knew Tristan was flirting with their adopted sister again.
Nicolas finally put down his tablet and said to his audience, "Since I'm the eldest, I'll take the responsibility." He turned to smile at Sakura. "I'll be your swimming instructor, Sakura."
Logan folded his arms across his chest and laughed loudly. The brothers turned to look at him as if he'd gone mad. Logan shook his head. "Don't you think that's rather unfair?"
Nicolas cocked his head to one side. "Your meaning?"
"Even though you are the eldest, it doesn't mean you're the best at swimming or any good at being a swimming instructor."
Sakura glanced from one brother to another, confused. Good God! She was only here to ask for one favor and now look at where it got her. She didn't like it one bit that they were fighting over who got to be her swimming instructor. She stood up and was about to say something when Hayden said loudly, "Logan has a point."
"All right, we'll toss a coin." Tristan suggested.
"No!" Conrad put in. "I'll be Sakura's teacher."
"How about a bet?" Tristan suggested again.
"How about a race?" Sebastian put in.
The brothers stopped arguing and looked at Sebastian, their faces impassive.
"Four hundred meters, freestyle," he said in a challenging voice.
Conrad looked as though he were about to die. Nicolas frowned. Tristan slumped back in his chair. Logan groaned loudly. Hayden shook his head and chuckled. Darcy said calmly, "You're on."
Sebastian nodded and turned his attention to his other brothers. "Well?"
Tristan waved at him to just go ahead and shoot him.
Conrad said, "It's not fair. I wish I'd trained to swim professionally."
Hayden said, "I'm in."
Nicolas got up from his chair and headed out the door. "Let's go, then."
Sakura was lost. What were they on about? Why were they competing to be her swimming instructor?
One by one, the brothers got off their chairs and headed out the door. Tristan came to stand behind her, put both his hands on her shoulders, and said very closely to her ear, "Let's go. The race is about to begin."
Sakura blinked. "But-"
"Don't argue now. You know we don't like to be kept waiting," Tristan said, pulling her out of her chair.
Sakura reluctantly followed them out of the dining room door, and only moments later she found herself in the pool area with seven grown men.
She shrieked and nearly ran from the scene when she saw Sebastian pulling off his T-shirt. Her heart thumped so loudly in her chest and her stomach flipped so hard she thought she was going to die of a heart attack.
Oh my gosh! Sebastian looked amazing with just his jeans on. His muscles were toned and well shaped, not to mention his six-pack. Sakura had heard of women who liked to look at men, especially at their abs, and sigh with that odd feeling in the pit of their stomachs. She thought that type of thing would never ever happen to her, but she was wrong. She was feeling it right now. Her body felt all tingly, and her breathing became a bit labored.
She saw Sebastian looking at her in that strange way of his again. She bit her lip and hastily looked away, only to see Darcy taking off his shirt, too.