
Logan laughed. "Tristan!"
Nicolas sighed. "He's interested."
Sakura didn't have a clue as to what they were talking about and pretty much didn't care. All she cared about now was whether Ned was home or not. If he was, then she hoped he wouldn't call out her name or, worse still, greet the brothers and tell them all about her.
"Is it just me or are there more cherry trees around here?" Conrad commented.
"It's nice," Nicolas said. "Though I don't remember ever seeing that many on the island before."
Sakura gazed out the window, watching the beautiful clouds of pink flowers in the air.
"It's spring," she murmured.
"Cherry blossoms are beautiful," Sebastian remarked. "Too bad we don't have them up at the house."
Sakura wanted to laugh. Really? Not one cherry tree up at Princeton Mansion?
"I think we're here," Nicolas said, eyeing the small cottage ahead of them.
It was a picture-perfect cottage with a pretty English garden full of roses, lavender, and honeysuckle.
"That's your house?" Conrad asked in awe. "It's pretty nice."
"No," Sakura said, meaning it wasn't her house. "Not really."
None of them paid any attention to the meaning of her words, however, and they all got out of the car. Conrad took care to aid her even if she didn't need help.
Tristan and Hayden got out of the car as well since they didn't want to miss the chance to talk to Sakura again.
Darcy stayed back, pretending to be busy with his tablet, which he wasn't, and stole peeks at the beauty who had caused his heart to beat too fast for his liking. Who is she?Why did she look at me so intensely back on the road? Her chocolate-brown eyes stirred something deep within his soul, awakening him from his slumber. She seemed oddly familiar to him, yet her identity eluded him, and this frustrated Darcy greatly.
Outside, Sebastian frowned at Tristan. "Why the hell did you follow us?"
"You might get into an accident again," Tristan responded. "Seeing as though you're pretty reckless and irresponsible at driving." He turned to Sakura then, giving her a dashing smile that would make any young female's heart flutter with happiness. "My brothers didn't harass you, did they?"
Sakura cocked her head to one side. "No," she said. Then before they insisted on coming with her into Ned's house and perhaps even opting to stay for afternoon tea, because she knew they'd want to, she went on. "And thanks for the ride. Bye now."
Sebastian was about to stop her, but she was quick and walked briskly away.
Sakura hoped they'd disappear before she got to the door because she didn't know whether Ned was home or not and whether the door was locked or not.
Logan whistled. "That's one hot chick."
"Wonder what her name is," Conrad said, smiling pleasantly.
"Conrad! You like her!" Tristan chuckled.
"She's nice," he said. "Totally my type."
Sebastian didn't like the sound of that and frowned at his brother. "You haven't got your career sorted out yet, young pup," he warned. "No time for girls."
"Plenty of time for girls," Conrad retorted. "I'm on my break, after all. Anyway, she's way too young for you guys."