
"Ohayo, Sakura-chan," Sosuke greeted with a warm smile the moment he came in. "I hoped I'm not too early."
Sakura waved his apology aside and said, "No. I'm usually an early riser. Everything is sorted. Are we leaving now?"
"Traffic is only going to get worse," he said.
"Yes, that is true." Sakura rushed over to pick up Toby. "This is Toby, my dog. Are you sure it's okay for me to take him with me?"
Sosuke laughed. "Oba-chan loves dogs. I'm okay with it. This one isn't very active, is he?"
At this comment, Sakura glanced at Toby. Sure enough, the dog didn't look very excited about anything, which was unusual of him. A worry frowned appeared on Sakura's face, and she told herself that she'd have to take the dog to see the vet once everything was sorted.
She gave the dog an affectionate pet then turned to Sosuke. "Shall we?"
At Sosuke's nod, they left the gallery, with Sosuke carrying the heavier baggage.
They arrived at the apartment within thirty minutes, thanks to Sosuke's expert driving skill and the not so heavy traffic at such an early hour of the morning.
"Ohayo," Akira greeted Sakura the moment the girl stepped into the apartment. Then, "Oh my God, what a beautiful dog!" She rushed over to Sakura and begged for the dog before Sakura could put her bag down. When Sakura handed the sleepy Toby over to her, Akira giggled and stroked the pup. "Oh, you're so sweet and cute and white and fluffy."
"There she goes again," Sosuke commented.
Haruka appeared with a broad smile on her face. Without even a good morning, the woman surprised Sakura by giving her a tight hug.
"Did you sleep well?" Haruka asked.
Sakura nodded, feeling a little overwhelm that these people were so nice to her. They reminded her of Daddy James and Mom Brenda, and her heart constricted at the thought of her adopted parents.
Akira frowned and uttered, "What's the matter?"
Sakura quickly shook her head. "It's nothing." With Haruka's concern look, she confirmed, "It's been a while since anyone has been so nice to me."
At this, Haruka smiled with understanding. Akira laughed and said, "Sakura-chan, you're making Sosuke blush."
Sosuke frowned at his sister. Akira ignored the dark look her brother gave her and said, "Come one. I'll show you to your room."
Sakura was more than pleased the moment she saw her room. It was designed in such a way that was both modern and classic at the same time, with a sort of oriental style of pastel wallpaper, chandelier, soft warm toned carpet, and low wooden Japanese inspired designed bed.
"It's beautiful," she said.
"Of course it is," Akira said. "Suits you perfectly."
Sakura placed her belongings down on the floor and thanked Haruka once again for being so considerate. After she had finished putting her clothing and other personal accessories into drawers, Haruka and Akira showed her around the apartment and then introduced her to the Japanese housekeeper and maid. Then she spent the day with the two women as they introduced her to her new job as Haruka's personal assistant, which Sakura quickly learnt and found that she rather liked quite a lot.
It was after dinner and they were having a lovely tea when Sakura asked what else there was in this building.