
Sakura cocked her head to one side as she thought about the brothers. There were the very responsible, father-like figure Nicolas; the very popular, mischievous triplets Tristan, Logan, and Sebastian; the disobedient, bad-boy Hayden; the smart, arrogant Darcy, who disliked her most since those unfortunate incidents thirteen years ago; and lastly nice, sincere Conrad.
Of course she couldn't really forget about Tara, Alaina, and their big-city friends. They'd no doubt only be too happy to be back and make Sakura's life as miserable as possible. But Sakura too had grown up into a fine woman and strong-willed. So Daddy James told her many times. Hence, come hell or high water, Sakura wasn't going to put up with their nastiness this time. After all, she had her own life and her own plans for the future to worry about and therefore had no time for their bull.
As she breathed in the fresh spring air and strolled along the woodland, a thought suddenly struck her. She nibbled her lower lip, her eyes gazing off into the far distance to the sea beyond.
Would they still remember her, though?
She scoffed at the thought immediately. Of course not! If they remembered anything about her at all, it was probably the pranks they had played on her and the many scoldings they had received from Daddy James and Mom Brenda because of her. Not that she'd ever been the one who told on them. It had always been pretty Tara, who was also adopted by the Princetons, and Alaina who had been the masterminds behind everything. Then they'd all gone off to boarding school-the boys to St. Michael's Boarding School for Boys, one of the most prestigious schools in America, and Tara and Alaina to Princess Margaret's Boarding School for Girls, also one of the most prestigious schools in America.
Not very long after, Sakura too had gone off to St. Helensburgh Boarding School for Girls where she met her friends Mary Collins, who also turned out to be the boys' cousin from their mother's side, and Katherine Hodge, a girl from a good family who also lived on St. Joseph Island. She, Mary, and Katherine had many lovely times together, helping each other with schoolwork and enjoying each other's company, both in and out of school.
Back then, during the holidays, Sakura would stay with the Collinses at their farm in California, enjoying her times there with Mary, Katherine, and Mary's brother, Richard. Then every so often Daddy James and Mom Brenda would come and stay with them for a couple of days along with Dale and Molly, her adopted grandparents from Daddy James's side of the family. During those times, Sakura had never felt more warm, happy, and complete to have such a wonderful circle of family and friends. Hence she never really saw the boys-nor Alaina and Tara for that matter-ever since she left thirteen years ago. By the time she completed her science degree at UCLA and had returned to St. Joseph Island to work in the local hospital, they all had left home completely to live wherever their hearts had taken them. Of course, she had no idea where they were living now, and to be frankly honest, neither did she care.
"So what do you think they're like now?" she asked Toby, who was busy sticking his tongue out and sniffing the air with interest. Sakura cocked her head to one side, wondering.
"Nicolas would be twenty-eight by now," she murmured to herself, picturing the young Nicolas when she last saw him when he was fifteen years old. "The triplets?" She cocked her head to the other side, watching Toby wagging his tail as he was sniffing something of interest to him in the bush not too far away. "They'd be what? Twenty-six?" The picture of the three when they were thirteen flashed in her mind. "What about Hayden and the twins?" Yes, Hayden would be twenty-four by now, and the twins, Alaina and Darcy, would be twenty-two.
The name Darcy caused her heart to skip a beat, and that odd, dull pain was still there, lingering within her being, reminding her of what had happened that summer thirteen years ago.