
"Sakura," he whispered, staring at her pale face. "Don't leave me."
* * *
"Sakura!" Sebastian shouted, waking himself up. His breathing was labored, and his heart was thumping hard within his chest. He sat up and rubbed his temple, realizing it was only a dream.
"Sakura," he said softly under his breath. "I'm sorry I couldn't save you."
The incident-he had forgotten about that incident until now. But did he really forget about it, or was it that the incident was too painful for him to bear and his brain had chosen to block that memory from his mind?
The drowning. Yes, it all came back to him now-everything. The real reason he had taken up swimming professionally, the reason he'd become so strong and so fast. The races. He remembered now why he had won so many races during his teenage years, both nationally and internationally. It had been because every time he got into the water, he'd see little Sakura again, see her drowning and begging for his help. Thus he'd use all his power, kicking and stroking faster and faster in order to redeem himself, in order to save her. But he had never saved her, and instead he'd won so many races, so many trophies. It had never been the trophies, however, that he wanted. It had always been Sakura. Yes, Sakura was his real trophy.
Eventually he quit swimming professionally, as Sakura had begun to fade from his mind and disappeared completely from his memory. What is the point? he'd asked himself. Why was he swimming professionally when he had no passion for it?
"Sakura," he whispered under his breath. "I couldn't save you yet again.
That was when he heard the scream from next door. It was loud and full of fear. Sebastian dashed off his bed and out the door in two seconds flat. He met Darcy, who was half-naked, in the corridor. The brothers looked at each other, and as if they understood each other without having to speak, Sebastian opened Sakura's door and hurried inside. Darcy followed.
She wasn't in bed. They found her hugging herself and Toby, who was whimpering with concern, into a ball in the darker corner of the bedroom.
Sebastian rushed to her and kneeled beside her. Gently he stroked her hair from her face, and slowly he nudged her face up to look at him.
Sebastian felt as though a professional boxer suddenly slammed his mighty fist into his stomach the moment he saw her face. She was sheet white, and her eyes were large like a frightened child.
He pulled her to him so he wouldn't alarm her. She didn't fight him, and he was pleased.
"It's okay," he said softly. "It's just a nightmare."
Sakura shook her head and bit her lip. "The water! It was trying to take me. I can't go. Not yet. I can't leave Toby behind."
In response, Toby rubbed his head against her chest, telling her he understood.
"Shh... It's only a nightmare," Sebastian said. "See, you're still here."
She looked up at him and blinked. "You're not Daddy James."
The situation was serious, yet Sebastian wanted to laugh. If Nicolas were here, she would have thought that he was Daddy James and wouldn't hesitate to go into his arms and let him comfort her.
"No, I'm not," he said softly. Suddenly she surprised him by moving into his arms and hugging him tightly, her face snuggling securely against his massive chest, tears in her eyes. He was pleased because that meant she allowed him to cuddle her even though he wasn't her Daddy James.