
The brothers sucked in their breaths in unison as they glued their eyes on the screen. She didn't at all look pleased with what people were doing to her.
"I'm not supposed to be here," she said clearly. No one was listening to her, however. "Jane, I have to get Jane. Please, I have to go."
"She knows Jane," Hayden said abruptly.
Nicolas paused at the scene where Sakura was trying to get out of the makeup seat.
"Does that mean Sakura works for Jane?" Conrad asked curiously. "Seb, Luke might know."
"I'll give him a call," Sebastian said. "Now move on, we might learn something else."
At Nicolas's node, the screen continued. It was an hour later when they came to the stage again where the modelling began. In the background they noted Haruka and Sosuke in the crowd. Luke was just behind them. Then they saw themselves in the screen, here and there with their parents. Alaina and Tara entered a few moments after that, dressed in evening wear.
Then the show began and the music started. It wasn't long when they saw Akira came striding elegantly along the runway, showing her jewelleries and Mr. Tachibana's gown. She posed seductively at the end of the runway and gazed smoulderingly at the camera. Then she winked, and Nicolas found himself responding. His heart skip a beat and his throat became dry.
Tristan did the hot whistle and Nicolas frowned his brother. Of course Tristan didn't see Nicolas's glare, and nor did any of this brothers because they were glued to the screen as the next slight figure appear on the runway.
It was Sakura, dressed in that amazing gown, she made her way up to the camera. During her short walk, it was as if she was lost in her own dreamland. She looked serene and absolutely exquisite. She stopped at the end of the runway and then her posture changed. The brothers knew immediately that she had seen them.
She looked hesitant, as if she didn't know what to do next. Then she hastily turned and walked back. It wasn't long when they saw Mr. Tachibana came out again with her by his side. The brothers could tell she wasn't pleased with this and that she wanted to run. After the applause and bow, the scene was cut short.
"That's it?" Conrad asked Nicolas.
"Nope," Nicolas said, looking at the screen on the laptop. "There's still a little more to go."
The buzzing and blank screen was still and then it flipped to the chaos of backstage again. They saw Hayden and Darcy running across the length of the room. Then it was Sakura who gave her bag to Jane. Then it was Nicolas who was running after them and banged into Akira and then the camera went out.
"Huh!" Tristan said. "You killed the camera, Nicolas."
"Sakura gave her bag to Jane," Nicolas said. "She lied to me she didn't know Sakura."
"It looks I need to call Luke ASAP," Sebastian said and pulled out his cell phone.