
Alone and surrounded by fire, Sakura closed her eyes, blackness eventually took her.
* * * * *

Sakura woke up with a start, her heart pounding fast and furious and her head aching. Her whole body was shaking like a leaf as she sat there, staring into space.
The nightmare of that night had returned and the look of Mrs. Byrd's face plastered deep within her mind.
Sakura shook her head as she willed tears to be at bay.
"She's not real," she said softly to herself. "She can't be real. I was hallucinating." But even as she said that, she knew she wasn't hallucinating. She knew for certain that Mrs. Byrd was still alive. She had just met the woman yesterday.
Toby sensed her unsettledness and woke up, his eyes large with concern about her. He came to her and begged to be hugged. Sakura obliged and embraced her dog tight against her chest as she laid there under the thickness and warmness of her duvet. So unlike eighteen years ago.
"Thank you for being with me all these years," she said to the pup. If it hadn't been for Toby, she would be just like all those nights, sleeping alone and crying her heart out after the nightmares.
Toby rubbed his head against her chest, telling her that it was his pleasure.
"What am I going to do, Toby?" she said. "She's back, and I know nothing good is going to come out of this."
The dog whimpered and licked her chin. "I can't let her get away, Toby. I just can't. I'm not that child anymore. I won't let her scare me. I won't let her torture me anymore." She chuckled brokenly. "She's a bitch and a child abuser. Who knows what else she could be?"
She rolled on her back and stared up at the ceiling, wondering how she'd go about dealing with this new information. Mrs. Byrd needed to be brought to the attention of the police and that fire incident eighteen years ago needed to be investigated properly. But would the police believe her? She had merely been a seven year old little girl at the time. Her words would be against the grown woman if Mrs. Byrd were to be brought to public.
Sakura rolled to her side again, conflicted. Suddenly, she sat up, her mind reeling with dread.
"I know I recognize me," she said under her breath. And of course, Sakura had no doubt that the woman would do her worst to make sure Sakura kept her mouth shut.
Suddenly, Sakura just didn't feel safe anymore, not even in this apartment with Lady Haruka and the Princeton brothers one floor above.
She sat up, searched for her cell phone near her bedside table and dialed the number that belonged to the man who she could trust.
"Hello?" came James Princeton's voice.
"Honey, whose is it at this time of the night?" Sakura heard Brenda's voice in the distance.
Sakura took a deep breath, hoping like hell she didn't sound like she wasn't going to die anything second now. She didn't manage that. Her voice came out shaky. "Daddy James? I need to talk to you. Can I come to see you now?"
A short pause and then, "Sure. I'll go and pick you up."
"No. No," Sakura said quickly. "That's all right. I take a taxi. I'll be there soon."
She was about to hang up when James said, "Sakura sweet heart? Be careful."
"Yes, I will," she replied and then hung up. Quickly, she got out of bed and got dressed in jeans and a warm jumper. Then she grabbed her bag and keys and silently headed out toward the door. Toby rushed quietly after her, didn't want to be left alone. She sighed and shook her head.