
Tristan cocked his head to one side, not believing her one tiny bit. "You're blushing, Sakura. Why? Has one of my brothers harassed you?"
"I... I said it was nothing," she muttered, her cheeks flaming hot. Then, before he could ask her any more questions, she hastily moved to the side, away from him, and rushed off with Toby in her arms.
Tristan watched her go, grinning knowingly. He cocked his head to one side, wondering which one of his brothers was responsible for his adopted sister's weird reaction.
Ah! She was blushing. A pretty blush, he thought. And her eyes, the deep-brown color, were exceptionally bright this evening. Not to mention the lips. They were full and very red as though they were ready to be kissed.
Tristan opened the library's door then and came to witness a most interesting scene. Conrad, who was standing, was shouting aggressively at Sebastian, who was lying down on the floor.
"I told you to get off her!" he muttered, his face red.
Sebastian wasn't listening to his brother, though. He was dealing with his own wee problem. He had to dampen his hot, burning desire within him that had just been awakened by his adopted sister, who, he had no doubt, hadn't a clue what she'd done.
"Shut up!" Sebastian said. "My head is aching." No! he thought. That was a complete lie. His head wasn't aching. His body was.
Nicolas was chuckling away enthusiastically, and when his eyes met Tristan's, he gave his brother a wink.
Oh, God! Tristan thought. It was Sebastian who was responsible. That bastard!
Tristan stalked in and demanded, "Did you harass Sakura?"
Sebastian took one look at his brother and moaned under his breath, "Not you, too."
Sakura, who was heading back up the stairs, gritted her teeth in annoyance. God! She just couldn't get away from them, could she? But how could she when there were seven of them and they were all living under the same roof.
Once she was sure she'd calmed down, she let Toby go. The dog landed on his feet on the stairs. He cocked his head to one side as he stared up at her, wondering what was bothering his master.
Sakura sighed. "Why are you playing with them, Toby?" she asked. "I told you before, they're not our friends. I'll let it go this time but not again, you hear?"
Toby stuck out his tongue and jumped about in his spot excitedly.
"You're a bit weird since they've arrived, you know. What's wrong with you?"
But then again, she too was being a bit weird. Well, at least her body was doing weird stuff anyway. Her heart seemed to race a lot lately. It was the brothers' fault, of course, since it had started happening that first day they'd met on the road.
"Good," Conrad said from the distance. "Tristan will teach him a lesson. I told him to get off her, but he wouldn't."
Sakura froze in her spot. Good God! She didn't want to see them again so soon. She was still too embarrassed from the incident in the library and hadn't mentally prepared herself yet.
She heard Nicolas chuckling. "I'm more worried that Sebastian will bash Tristan's face in."
"Oh, yeah. Me, too," Conrad muttered. "But he wouldn't. They're brothers after all."
"Yes," Nicolas replied.
Still on the stairs, Sakura knew she had to get away. They were just around the corner now and were getting closer. Thus she had no choice but to run up the remaining steps and then turn the corner. She was in such a rush that she didn't watch where she was going and literally ran into someone-smashing her slight body against a firm, masculine one.