
Tragedy

Sakura woke up late the next day since she didn't get to sleep until about five in the morning. She came down for brunch feeling a bit out of sorts and also noticed that the house was still as quiet as ever. Perhaps everyone was also still in bed because they hadn't returned home until very early this morning from their night out.
"My, my," Beth commented. "You do look horrible."
Sakura chuckled. "I couldn't sleep last night."
"Yeah, I can understand that. You've seen your best friend getting married and settling down, and now you want that for yourself, too."
Sakura wanted to tell her that wasn't it. The reason she couldn't sleep was because of that secret kiss last night in the garden by-
No, don't think about it, Sakura.
She stood up and said, "I'm going out for a walk along St. Helena Beach. Won't be back till much later."
"I see you're planning to skip lunch yet again?" Beth asked, her brows nearly up to her gray hairline.
Sakura just laughed and walked to the door, ignoring Beth's disapproving stare. "Don't worry, Beth dear. I'll be back for dinner."
Beth grumbled under her breath and said, "There's supposed to be a storm sometime this afternoon. Make sure you're home before that, won't you?"
"I will," Sakura replied, waving her hand in the air to tell the housekeeper not to worry.
"Oh," Beth said before Sakura could disappear around the corner. "The brothers are at St. Helena Beach too, surfing."
Sakura, however, didn't hear her as she was already out of earshot.
Some ten minutes later, Sakura found herself walking along St. Helena Beach, her bare feet sinking deep into the porous white sand that stretched endlessly across the horizon. With her sandals in her hands, she strolled along, staring off at the pristine blue sea. In the distance, she noted dark clouds gathering, indicating there was a storm coming.
Yes, all too soon she wouldn't be able to enjoy this any longer. So she might as well take it all in now, enjoying every moment of it.
She was minding her own business and admiring the breathtaking view when she noticed men surfing on the other side of the beach. She couldn't help herself and watched with interest, marveling at how expertly they stayed on the boards as they surfed the waves. From where she stood, which was a very long distance away, she could just make out the men's athletic bodies. They looked like they were having a lot of fun. That was when she decided to have a closer look and headed toward them.
She regretted it some fifteen minutes later when she realized those men were actually her adopted brothers. There were Nicolas, Tristan, Logan, Hayden, and Conrad surfing the smaller waves closer to where she was at the beach. They were laughing and shouting encouragement at each other as they surfed. On the other side, much closer to the rocks where bigger and more dangerous waves resided, were Sebastian and Darcy. It looked as though they were competing to see who the better surfer was.
Sakura found she couldn't take her eyes away from them as they expertly rode the waves. Suddenly, her heart ached within her chest.
No, she mustn't think about them now-especially not about them and not now when she had already made up her mind that she'd leave St. Joseph Island. She'd decided she no longer wanted to be their sister.
With that firm idea in her mind, she turned on her heel and headed the other way.