
Yes, Melissa was envious of Sakura Tanaka. So envious in fact that sometimes she couldn't even stand the thought of standing next to the oriental beauty.
Sakura said, "If I'm wild then it's all your fault, Ned dear." She turned to Jane. "Let's go. I don't want you to be late for work."
Jane nodded and said farewell to Ned, ignoring Melissa completely. As they headed out of the gallery into the beautiful spring morning outside, Jane said, "I don't like your sale assistant."
Sakura replied lightly, "Me neither. But I had no choice at the time since Megan left three months ago. I hope she'd be back soon. I miss her."
"Me, too," Jane said. "I miss her cakes more though."
Sakura laughed. "You and your cakes."
Jane giggled and nudged her glasses up her nose again.
Sakura noticed and said, "You know, you always look so uncomfortable wearing your glasses. Why don't you go see an optometrist and ask for contacts instead?"
Jane raised her hand up to get a taxi. "I do have contacts," she said as the taxi came to a stop before them. The girls got in and put on their seatbelts.
"Then why don't you wear them?" Sakura couldn't help asking.
Jane turned to the driver and told him where to go, and then turned back to her friend. "You think I should?"
"You have beautiful eyes, Jane. You should show them off more often."
"Really?" Jane wasn't so sure about that.
"Thanks for letting me tag along," Sakura said.
"Thanks for offering to help," Jane replied.
Twenty minutes later, they arrived at the Princeton Hotel, and the girls couldn't help them from gasping in awe. People! There were people everywhere. People going in and coming out of the hotel, staffs going about their jobs, backstage people lifting equipment from trucks etc. It was loud and noisy and very, very busy.
Jane quickly got out of the taxi, followed by Sakura who eyes widened in anticipation. She had never been to a fashion show before and this first encounter really impressed her. She was amazed and greatly enjoyed herself observing her surroundings. Jane grabbed her arm and quickly dragged her to the front entrance.
Sakura was even more impressed once they were inside the main lobby. It literally took her breath away. Though outside the building was quite modern, inside was designed and decorated in a French-Georgian classical style with massive Greek like columns. Walls and ceilings were designed and embossed with colorful Gods, Goddess, and fairies. The floor was made of marble-cleaned, shiny, and very colorful. The main reception area was exquisite. The desk where eight receptionists stood behind was long and masculine and made of green and red marble. It also had the word 'Princeton Hotel' embossed on it in big, bold letter along with the company logo PG, stood for Princeton Group, intertwining with each other.
It was even more crowded and busy in here than outside with guests, staffs, and other assorted of people going about their businesses. Sakura was momentarily taken by surprise, and Jane had to nudge her to get her attention.
"Jane! Sakura!" they heard Luke shouted from the distance.
The girls spotted him by the lounge, frantically waving at them. Sakura was surprised to see Luke at the hotel, and wondered what he was doing here.
"Luke," Sakura said the moment they reached him. "What are you doing here?"