
She handed Toby over to Akira and said, "I will take him to see the vet next when we come back from Hawaii. I need to make sure he's all right."
"You know what?" Akira began. "You go with Oba-chan to see Tachibana-sensei and I will take Toby to see the vet. How about that? Since waiting until we return from Hawaii is far too long."
Sakura widened her eyes. "Are you sure?"
"Yes." Akira nodded. "Now, don't you worry about this little cutie." She laughed, stroking the dog fondly.
"Thanks," Sakura said, laughing. "You're awesome, Akira-chan."
Half an hour later, Sakura found herself in Mr. Tachibana's office with Haruka, Ms. Ruka, and Jane. They were devising what pieces of clothing items should go with which jewelries for the photoshoot that was coming this Thursday.
Jane was helping her with an evening wear of gold and black silk when Sakura asked, "So did Luke tell the brothers?"
Jane looked behind before answering. "I'm afraid so, Sakura."
A lump formed in her throat. "Well, I guess it won't be too long before they go to the gallery."
"Sakura," Jane said, zipping up the gown. "They already went."
"What?" Sakura spun round so fast that she got a little dizzy from the process. "They what?" More lowly this time.
Jane took a deep breath as she eyed her friend. She was concern as Sakura looked like she was about to drop. There were dark circles under her eyes and her skin looked awfully pale. She wondered if Sakura had been working too hard.
"I'm so sorry, Sakura. But Luke, that stupid brother of mine, he told the brothers where the gallery is. He told me they've been there two weeks ago."
Sakura did a quick calculation within her head and groaned. That must have been the same day she and Jane had been to see both Haruka and Mr. Tachibana. The day she returned home and...
"No wonder I smelt cologne," she said softly, remembering what Ned had said. Boys! There had been boys visiting the gallery.
"Cologne?" Jane asked curiously. "What does cologne has anything to do with the brothers."
Sakura sighed. "Nothing, Jane."
As she came out of the dressing room, Ned's statement about how a woman could smell her soulmate even when he wasn't in the room echoed within her head.
For two hours, Sakura tried on different outfits for Mr. Tachibana, Haruka, and Ms. Ruka to inspect. She was just changing the last one when her phone ranged. Clutching the material of the gown against her breasts so that it wouldn't fall off her person, she reached out for her bag.
With the cell phone in one hand, she put it to her ear. "Hello?"
"Sakura? It's me, Akira."
Sakura blinked and her heart skipped a beat. The panicky voice she heard from Akira made Sakura worried. Instantly, her mind rushed to Toby. Her friend did promised to take Toby to the vet today, and she wondered if they had found something wrong with the dog. She hoped that it was nothing serious, but the dreaded voice of Akira's from the other side of the line made her wondered that if...
"Sakura, I've lost Toby!"
Sakura found her throat dry when she said, "What?"
"Let me explain. I took the dog to the vet, right? And things happened. Mainly with that arrogant Dragon Nicolas. He accused me of stealing your dog, Sakura. The gall of him. And anyway, now I've lost the dog. I can't find him anywhere in the apartment."