
Sakura didn't shout for help. She just gasped as she found herself falling backward.
Splash!
Her body hit the water, and she began to struggle trying to climb back, but she found she couldn't. She was drowning, and no one was going to help her.
Without thinking, Sebastian ran from his spot. He raced past Tara and Alaina and threw himself into the ocean. Once his body hit the water, he pulled himself together and swam.
Within the deep, murky water, he tried his best to find his way to help Sakura. But she was nowhere in sight, and he panicked. No! He had to find her. She had to be somewhere here.
He found her being dragged down to the bottom. He reached his hand out to her, begging her to come to him, his blue eyes large, filled with dread and fear. Then he found he couldn't go any farther and felt himself being dragged down and about, deeper and deeper and round and round. The waves, they were too strong. They were churning and whirling him from his destination. He felt himself being suffocated. God! He needed to breathe. But there was Sakura. He had to save her.
He closed his eyes, could no longer think, could no longer hold on to his life. He knew he was dying.
A moment later, he felt himself being pulled up and up, and then he was out of the water. He opened his mouth wide and sucked air into his starved lungs.
"Come on," he heard Nicolas say faintly against the howling wind and smashing waves. He tightened his arms around his brother's neck as they both struggled their way across to the beach.
"Sakura!" he shouted, his heart thundering loudly within his chest.
"Dad," Nicolas replied between taking deep breaths.
Once they'd reached the shore, Nicolas helped him onto the sandy beach. Sebastian didn't even care that he could have just died if it weren't for his brother. He was more concerned about Sakura, so he rushed to her the moment James brought her up from the sea. Tears burned his eyes as he helplessly watched his dad giving her CPR.
Oh, God! She was so pale and still, as though she were already dead. Is she dead? He wondered and blamed himself for what happened. If only he had been a stronger swimmer. If only he had been there before Alaina had pushed her over. If only-
Sebastian felt himself shivering from fear and his heart aching with sorrow. Sakura! Please wake up.Don't you die on me! Sakura, please don't go. Please, don't go.
He wanted to shout at her for being so weak, for letting other people bully her. Oh, God, how he wanted to shout at her.
Again and again, James blew air into her little lungs and pressed on her chest, begging her to wake up, to come back alive.
"Come on, Sakura," James said in anguish. "Sweetheart, wake up."
Sebastian felt dark and hollow within his stomach. The world around him felt cold, and at the same time, he felt angry with himself. He was angry because of what he couldn't do. He couldn't even protect her. He couldn't even save her. He felt tears sting his eyes as his heart burned in anguish.
And then finally she breathed again. She coughed, spurted out loads of seawater, and collapsed again in James's arms.
James sighed with relief, tears in his eyes.
Sebastian couldn't control himself and cried, tears rolling down his cheeks. He felt Nicolas's arms around him, comforting him.