
As she unlocked the door and then walked into the gallery, she wondered if she should play cupid and match make Sosuke and Jane.
Toby greeted her the moment she was on the second floor where their living area was located. She picked the dog up and stroked him lovingly. Her nose twitched, and she frowned. "You smell different, Toby." She cocked her head to one side and then sniffed again. "Colognes?" As she came around the corner and walked past the living area, she paused. Again, she smelt colognes. Expensive ones. There was a mixture of them. She frowned at this as she came into the kitchen. "Ned? Did we have visitors?"
Ned looked up from his spot at the stove and said, "Yes, a few boys."
"Boys?" Sakura said, putting her bag down on the dining table and took a seat. "That explains the colognes I smell in the living room."
"You can smell them?" Ned asked curiously. At Sakura's nod, he said, "I can't."
Sakura laughed. "Your sense of taste and smell are getting worse, darling."
Ned raised a brow and shot back, "And you're losing your sense of logical of reality, my dear."
Sakura didn't reply, and Ned continued as he stirred his bolognese sauce, "Did you know that one can smell her soulmate from a distance? And after he's gone, she can still smell his scent where ever he's been?"
Sakura raised her brows and laughed. "What nonsense is this, Ned?"
Ned returned his attention to his sauce and hummed. "I'm going to shower." She grabbed her bag and headed to the door.
"Don't be too long, dinner is ready in a minute," Ned said over his shoulder.
"Okay." Then she was gone.
It was just before midnight when Ned poked his head in Sakura's bedroom door to tell her he'd be out early the next morning when he saw her packing up.
"What are you doing?" he asked curiously.
"I'm moving. Oh Shit! I forgot to tell you, Ned. I've been so busy today and got a bit tired during dinner I didn't tell you."
Ned came into the room and folded his arms across his chest. Whatever she was going to tell, he wasn't going to like it.
"Do you remember the necklace?"
Yes?
"Lady Suzuki offered me a job in replacement to paying her..."
"Yes, go on," Ned said.
"I'm going to be her personal companion slash assistant," she said. "I won't get paid, but..."
"Good, that's good. I don't doubt it'll cost at least a couple of a hundred thousand to replace that pink diamond."
Sakura chuckled. "Yeah. So I'm starting tomorrow."
"Yes, good. I'm happy it worked out for you. So where is this apartment?"
Sakura blinked and clamped her mouth shut. She returned to her drawer and took out cloths instead.
"Sakura? Are you planning to keep the where abouts of the apartment from me?"
Sakura closed her eyes and sighed. "Oh, Ned. Please understand that I can't tell you. I mean what if the brothers found out that you live here with me. What if they interrogate you about me and my address? It'd be easier for you not to know."
Ned thought that it was too late about the brothers and their interrogation now.
Ned straighten and headed out the door. "Well, just text me your new address when you're ready to tell me. And don't you dare avoid my phone calls, understand?"