
He shoved his chair back, which caused Kate to jump back in surprise. He turned to look at her then, his face a mask of anger and his eyes dark. The look on his face scared Kate shitless, but she managed to compose herself because she was here for a reason. She wasn't going to back out now.
Without saying anything, he stalked out of the room. Kate felt embarrassed for only a split second and then followed him. Tara and Alaina grinned at each other, knowing very well that their plan had gone rather well thus far.
Sebastian turned his eyes to Sakura and noted her hands were shaking. His stomach knotted in dread. Shit!
Sakura chose that moment to get up and excuse herself, her voice shaking. Then she rushed out and headed straight to her car. Alone and with her heart still thumping hard within her chest, she drove out.
Oh, God! She could feel herself shaking, and her heart wouldn't slow down its furious beatings. She felt tears rolling down her cheeks. Why was she crying? Why?
Soon she came near the Princeton Estate, and instead of driving up to the house, she parked the car on the side of the road and ran, just ran into the woods until she reached her cherry tree, the very same tree where Darcy had kissed her.
She collapsed against the tree and cried her heart out, her body shaking and her heart trembling. She stayed there, for how long she didn't know, staring up at the beautiful pink cloud of cherry blossoms as tears rolled down her cheeks.
Oh, God, she couldn't believe it. She was still crying even at this age. She was turning twenty-four soon and here she was still crying. Crying for what? The stupid crying wouldn't change anything, would it?
Once she'd used up all her tears, she sighed, feeling a lot better. She sat up, wondering why she was crying so hard. Darcy. She thought that he-
She chuckled. How stupid of her. Yes, Sebastian with Tara and Darcy with Kate. They were two perfect couples.
She'd known her whole life that she was never that lucky, that she just had to make the best of what she had. She chuckled again. Yes, she was stupid after all. There was no hope at all, was there? After the wedding, everyone would return to their own lives. Had she forgotten that her life and theirs were completely different? That whatever happened, none of the brothers would ever choose her? Hadn't she seen it already when Alaina and Tara had tried to kill her by drowning her in the pool when they'd known very well that she didn't know how to swim? And the brothers? They hadn't done a thing.
Since they were little, the brothers had always chosen Alaina and Tara over her. How stupid of her to even think that would change. Now it seemed Kate was a part of that privileged group as well.
She sat up and squared her shoulders. That was it. She didn't care anymore. From now on, she was resolved to keep her distance from the brothers. She no longer wanted to get hurt. Besides, had Nicolas not told her already that none of them ever wanted her as their sister?
Before this day, she'd longed to be their sister, longed for them to love her and care about her. Now, however, she'd had enough. She didn't care that they didn't want her as their sister anymore. After this wedding, she was going her own way, to find her mother, to begin anew. Yes, and they'd get what they all wanted for so long, even Alaina and Tara. She would no longer be a member of their family.
Her face now dry of tears, she spread her arms as she stared up at the petals of cherry blossoms raining down on her, landing on her face and body. She chuckled and whispered, "Spring is nearly over."