
Sakura? No. Surely he hadn't been daydreaming and was now hearing Sakura's voice? Surely not.
He heard a woman's voice chuckling away merrily.
"We're just fixing it for ya. Now don't move, dear sister. You'll look very beautiful in a minute. Isn't that what you want?"
"You bitch! You slapped me!"
Darcy jolted up and rushed over to the edge of the diving board. He hung his head over and looked down. From his vantage point and to his great surprise, he saw Sakura standing dangerously close to the pool. Before Sakura were Tara and Alaina, threatening her. He watched in horror as Alaina marched forward and sent her hand smashing on Sakura's left cheek. Tara, meanwhile, held on to Sakura tightly so the girl wouldn't be able to escape. Alaina slapped Sakura again.
"Have you learned how to swim yet, my silly girl?" Alaina asked. "You haven't? I can't believe that. After all these years, after what happened that last time, you still haven't learned?"
Darcy gritted his teeth as he realized what was going on. Tara and Alaina were bullying Sakura again. At this age? They were all adults now, for Christ's sake!
He felt protectiveness toward Sakura surge through his being, and his temper flared.
"Don't. Please don't," he heard Sakura beg.
"Sakura," he said softly. "Don't let them bully you. Don't let them hurt you."
Darcy felt an uncomfortable feeling rising in his gut. Shit! He knew something wasn't right. Knew something horrible was going to happen to Sakura.
"Don't? No, don't. No, please," Alaina imitated Sakura.
"Throw her in, Alaina. Throw the bitch in,"Tara urged.
"Time to go say hi to your maker," Alaina said to Sakura. Then forcefully, she shoved Sakura back.
Darcy watched in horror as Sakura screamed and fell into the pool. His whole body froze in shock as he watched her struggling and fighting to stay afloat. But the merciless water dragged her down the harder she fought, shoving her back into its depths.
"Sakura!" he screamed at the top of his lungs, his body tense and ready for action.
Alaina and Tara looked up in dismay to see Darcy at the top of the diving board. They watched, dread and fear contorted on their beautiful faces, as Darcy, in jeans and T-shirt, ran off the board and expertly and smoothly somersaulted down, flying in midair.
His athletic body hit the water cleanly, and as he gained momentum within the deep pool, he swam toward Sakura, who was sinking toward the bottom.
Darcy reached out to her, fearful he might lose her. He kicked so hard and fast that the water turned into a whirlpool. He caught her by the small of her waist and pulled her up to him, hugging her against him tightly. With her safely in his embrace, he swam back to the surface.
Sakura sucked in air as they emerged from the pool. She coughed and spluttered water as she instinctively wrapped her arms around Darcy's muscular neck, holding on to him tightly for dear life.
Darcy, too, tightened his hold on her and started swimming toward the edge of the pool. Once there, he lifted her along as he pulled himself out of the water.
He gently laid her on the marble floor, her back and head resting against his massive chest and his arm wrapping around her protectively. His heart was pounding with dread as he examined her face.