
As she was walking up from the beach to the high cliff above, Sakura didn't notice that Conrad had seen her and was shouting at her to come to them. When she didn't respond, he got out of the water and raced after her. The brothers didn't notice him go as they continued to surf.
As she was walking, neither did Sakura notice that someone was trailing her. Then all too soon she came to a cliff that overlooked the ocean below where the brothers were. From here, she could observe them uninterrupted, and she made herself comfortable, relaxing back against the rock. In the distance, both Darcy and Sebastian were surfing big waves, and when they disappeared under the water, her heart raced, praying they'd be all right and that nothing bad would happen to them. A few seconds later, she saw them emerge unharmed. She sighed in relief.
It wasn't long when dark clouds started gathering in the distance and heading their way. Lightning flashed, and Sakura jumped at the sound and automatically hugged herself. Then it started pouring-hard. She was totally soaked instantly. "Already?" She'd thought that the storm wasn't due until much later.
She narrowed her eyes at the brothers. She couldn't believe it. They were still surfing. In this rain?
Obviously, she couldn't stay there watching them any longer. She hastily got up and rushed back toward the side of the cliff, hoping to find shelter. She was in luck. She spotted a small cave not too far away and rushed into it. Once inside, she hugged herself, shivering severely from the cold. She surely hoped the storm would pass quickly because she didn't want to return home late. Beth would be pissed that she didn't listen to her, and of course, Daddy James and Mom Brenda would be so worried.
She turned her attention to her surroundings and that was when she realized she'd been here before. Lightning flashed and Sakura blinked. Then it all came back to her. That day after she'd drowned in the sea years ago when Alaina had pushed her over the cliff, she'd decided to run away, and then she had fainted because of the fever. That night she had found herself in this very cave. There had been a small fire, and she'd felt the warm body of a boy hugging her, keeping her warm.
Sakura gasped and her eyes widened. Sebastian! He had been here with her that night, hadn't he? He had looked after her during those horrible hours when the fever had broken.
She brought her fingers to touch her lips. The kiss! She remembered the kiss that Sebastian had given her.
"I love you," he had said to her that night. Suddenly, tears brewed in her eyes. Oh, Sebastian! Tears rolled down her cheeks, and her heart tore even more as she fell to her knees.
"Aw, does the lightning scare you so?" a voice said behind her.
Sakura lifted her head and blinked. She hastily got up and turned around to see Kate at the entrance of the cave.
Kate slowly walked in, looking around her as if she were interested. "I've never been here before, but it's a pretty good place, don't you think?"
Sakura didn't reply. "What are you doing here?"
Kate cocked her head to one side. "Exploring. I like the island. After all, if I were to marry Darcy, then-"
Sakura gritted her teeth at the mention of Darcy. Then she noted that something wasn't right. How come Kate was here? How did she get here? No one ever used this part of the island except for the Princetons because it was private. Anyone seen walking through was trespassing.
Sakura was suspicious and knew something didn't sit right with her. At that moment, she didn't care to find out what it was and thought she better get out of here fast. But the rain! How would she get back home safely in this weather? Furthermore, she didn't bring any warm clothing to wear because she'd expected to return home before the storm even started.