
The mumbling and grumbling continued from the staffs. Sebastian shook his head. He had enough inspecting the stage, and headed toward the door. Only he couldn't quite see properly in the darkness and smashed into a small, soft body.
"Huh!" the female made a sound, falling into his arms, her face hitting his hard, muscular chest. At the same time, his feet tripped on cords lying on the floor and he fell backward, taking the woman with him.
He hit his back on the floor, the woman sprawling on top of him.
God! She felt so soft, warm, and just right in his arms. Her hair! Oh God, her hair smelt beautiful. It reminded him of spring, of Sakura.
"Shit!" he muttered under his breath.
"I'm so sorry," she whispered softly, her warm breath fanning on his skin, causing his whole body to soar with pleasure. His heart suddenly thundered within his chest.
Sakura! Sakura! It had to be Sakura!
"I couldn't see." She chuckled apolitically.
'Sakura!' He wanted to scream her name out.
The woman began to move away, out of his arms.
No! No! No! He wouldn't let her go. He couldn't let her go.
He held onto her tight, his mind screaming her name over and over and over again.
Sakura! Sakura! Sakura!
"My files!" She moved hastily away from him and out of his clutch. He sat up, his hands reaching out for her, searching for her. He heard shuffling and ruffling and the light came back on.
The room was flooded with bright light and it momentarily blinded Sebastian.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
Sakura! Where are you? Please don't leave!
He blinked again and then adjusted his eyes to the bright light. He scanned around him, his heart still pounding heavily within his chest. Then he saw her rushing away toward the exit, her long blond hair flying behind her.
He frowned.
No, she wasn't Sakura. It was the woman he had seen earlier who had bumped into Sosuke at the lift that morning.
He sighed, and his heart slowed down its beating to a normal rate.
She wasn't Sakura, he thought. What was wrong with him? He definitely needed to clear his head, he thought, and headed out the door.
"Sir?" Jane called out.
Sebastian waved at her to leave him be. "We're done, Ms. Hamilton." Then he was out the door.
He took the lift and came to the top floor of the hotel where his parent's penthouse was located. He came into the spacious living area and found Lady Haruka and his parents, James and Brenda Princeton, were having morning tea together. They were getting along well, he thought with a smile, and he was pleased.
"Mom, Dad," he said the moment they looked up at him.
"Sebastian, darling," Brenda said. "Join us."
He came to sit on the sofa next his parent and poured himself a cup of coffee. He took a sip and found that it was flavorless. Instantly, for perhaps for a millionth time, he missed Sakura's aromatic, flavorful coffee. His face darkened at the thought of her.
Brenda noticed and said, "So, how's the stage inspection going?"