
Tara's eyes lit up the moment she spotted Darcy, though he didn't give her any indication he appreciated her presence. Sakura, on the other hand, chose that moment to leave quietly. If only Toby didn't bark, however, then she would have been gone without anyone noticing her. But the dog did bark, and Tara finally turned her attention to Sakura.
Tara stared at her for a long moment, as if trying to recollect who she was. Then her eyes seemed to blaze with blue fire, and her hands fisted tightly at her sides.
"What the fuck are you doing here?" she asked straight out, her voice tight. "I thought you were long gone. So what? You're here to destroy our family again? Who invited you here?"
The brothers held their breath at the sarcastic statements fired at Sakura. The scene suddenly took them back to their childhood when Tara had unleashed her temper on little Sakura, who hadn't been able to do anything except endure the bullying and then run away to hide and cry. This reminder, of course, made the brothers really worried because they no longer wanted to simply stand by and watch passively, ignoring the whole situation as if nothing had happened.
Sebastian narrowed his eyes dangerously. Nicolas pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose-a gesture the brothers knew very well-which meant a serious action was about to be taking place. Darcy scowled and fisted his hands tightly by his sides. Hayden's, Tristan's, and Logan's faces became serious. Conrad, who'd never encountered this faceoff between Sakura and Tara before, was very shocked at Tara's despicable tone of voice toward Sakura.
"That's not very nice, Tara," Conrad said loudly.
Tara ignored him and continued glaring at Sakura.
Sakura cocked her head to one side and then gave Tara a lovely fake smile. With her voice soft and calm, she said, "I believe I live here. This is, after all, my home. And I am, after all, a Princeton."
This, of course, surprised the brothers beyond belief as they stared at her with something akin to shock. Little Sakura, after all, had never answered back. She'd just run away and cried.
Tara narrowed her eyes and shouted, "Like hell you live here! Princeton? Bullshit! You're not a Princeton. You don't even know your real last name. You're full of bullshit!"
In response to Tara's outrageous yell, Toby barked aggressively, which caused Tara to stumble back with fright. Toby kept barking and barking and then growled at Tara, who swore at him in anger.
"Shut up, you stupid dog! Shut up!" she screamed. "You're giving me a headache."
"That's enough, Tara!" Nicolas's deep, commanding voice echoed through out the hallway.
Tara gasped in fright and automatically turned to look at Nicolas, confused. For years, he had never used such tone of voice toward her. In fact, Nicolas, who was very much like his father James, had never used that particular tone of voice toward anyone except for when he was very upset and had to set things in order.
"This is no way to treat your sister," he said, his eyes narrowed dangerously.
"That was mean, Tara," Conrad said, his voice cold.
"Your behavior is uncalled for," Hayden said, folding his arms across his massive chest.
"I concur," Logan added.
"You're not pretty when you act like a bitch, Tara," Tristan stated matter-of-factly.
Sakura was completely shocked that the brothers were on her side in this unexpected confrontation. When they were young, they just pretended it never happened. They've changed, she thought. They've grown.