
"Ohayoo, Mina," she said.
The brothers bow their heads and returned her greeting. "Ohayoo."
Akira, who was standing to one side of the room, watched Nicolas as he lifted his head. She blushed when he turned his attention to her.
To Nicolas's surprised, he found that he couldn't quite tear his gaze away from her. She was rather enchanting wearing that floral yukata. "Akira," he said, his throat just that little bit dry all of a sudden. Ohayoo."
Akira held her head high and replied, "Nicolas."
Haruka took the brothers into their formal dining room next to the living area. There, the place was designed very much like a traditional Japanese house, with a low long dining table and a series of soft, comfy cushions on the floor. She indicated for them to take their seats and said, "I hope you like Japanese food and that the low seat would not be too uncomfortable."
Tristan made himself comfortable next to Akira and said, "Not too uncomfortable at all. We'll get used to it." He grinned at Akira.
Conrad looked heavenward and thought that it didn't take Tristan long to start flirting. Logan took a seat beside Tristan and Hayden along in that same side. Nicolas took the seat beside Sosuke and Sebastian took a seat to the left of Nicolas. Darcy placed himself between Sebastian and Conrad whilst Hayden took the cushion beside Logan. Haruka took the head of the table and thus commence their lunch.
Tristan continued once everyone was seat, "Although it would be nice if next time we dine, we wear yukata as well."
Logan laughed. "Hm, I quite like the idea."
"I have many," Sosuke chimed in. "I will give a few of mine if you are interested. And it's my birthday next week."
Akira said, "And here I thought you weren't going to do anything, considering you're turning quite ancient and hadn't yet married with kids. I thought you'd be embarrassed at the thought of throwing yourself a birthday party."
Tristan couldn't help himself and laughed loudly. "Well put, Akira-chan. Very well put. Our dear Nicolas is just as ancient, and still hadn't yet found himself a wife, let alone produced himself some little darlings to chase after. I myself would love to have little darlings to chase after."
"Considering at the way you're going, Tristan," Nicolas said, "I wouldn't be surprised if you already have those little darlings you didn't know about."
Tristan, who was sipping his green tea, nearly choked on the hot liquid.
Akira hid her laughter behind cupped hand, and Logan patted his brothers on the shoulder.  He said, "Nicolas is probably too old for any beauty to fall for him now."
"Really?" Akira said softly, gazing at Nicolas under her long lashes. "Well, that is too bad."
Logan continued, "As for you, bro, if you do have a little darlings, I'd only be to glad to welcome her or him into the family. Hm, I think the oldest would have to be around five by now."
Tristan couldn't help himself and laughed. He took everything in his stride. It was then that a Japanese housekeeper and a maid entered the room with the dishes. By the time they had finished placing everything on the table, it was covered with food. There were miso soup in small china bowl for every one of them. In the middle of the table were grilled fish, sashimi of fresh salmon and tuna, tempura of fishes, prawns, and sweet potatoes, fresh salad with homemade dressing sauce, stir-fried vegetables with teriyaki sauce, and an assort of yakitori and pickles vegetables.