
Ned returned some moment later. He came to pat her on the shoulder and said, "Now tell me what happen."
Sakura looked up at him, her eyes brewing with fresh tears. Then she began her tale. If twenty minutes later when she was finished, and by then, Melissa announced her presence by leaning her slim body against the door frame.
"You look awful, Sakura," she said. "What's going on?"
Sakura said, "Nothing. Are you leaving now?"
Melissa frowned at the change in subject. Damn if she didn't want to know what happened to the beauty. But she hoped that it was very, very awful and humiliating. Well, surely it must be humiliating. Otherwise there wouldn't be tears in those two odd colors eyes of Sakura's.
"Yeah," she finally said. "She you Monday."
Sakura nodded. Once Melissa reluctantly left, Ned proceed to shut the shop. He returned a couple of minutes later to see Sakura sulking miserably.
"What are you going to do?" Ned asked suddenly. "You can't keep running away."
Sakura sighed. "I know that." She laughed then. "I can't believe it. I only wanted to meet my biological mother and now look at where it got me. I brothers know I still exist and is in fact living right here in New York, a mere stone throw away from them. On top of that, I've managed to damage this million dollar designer gown. What? Oh yeah, and I'm a criminal of the worst kind because surely they all think that I've stolen this necklace."
Ned leaned closer to look at the pink diamond necklace that was in Sakura's hand. It was the most beautiful gem he had ever seen, and probably worth at the higher end of the million. As he inspected closer, he noted that there was very small diamond missing. He wondered if it had already been missing before Sakura wore it or had it been damaged when Sakura was running away from the brothers. Either way, he wasn't going to tell Sakura about it because she looked ready to commit suicide as she was now. Hopefully though, no one will notice it once Sakura had returned the jewelry to its proper owner.
He said, "Why don't you take a shower before Jane gets here?"
Sakura looked up at the older man who had treated her like his own daughter and nodded her head.