
When he opened his eyes again, he knew he had to win her over. So he kissed her again. This time, though, it was gentle and very passionate. Her lips were soft and warm against his, both his hands cupping her face. Slowly, his tongue played with her lip, teasing, caressing, stroking, and licking her along the length of those marvelous, sensuous lips. Then he made her open her mouth for him, and when she did, he plunged his tongue in, exploring her, tasting her, teasing her, and caressing her with all the experience he had.
Sakura struggled to gain her mind back. She was lost, so very lost in this wonderful, delightful, heavenly kiss that Sebastian was giving her. How could she feel this way? With only a kiss? But oh, it was such a kiss. She was breathless; she was mindless. Her body melted within his embrace. Her heart raced a million miles a minute. And something deep and hot burned within her being. She softly groaned.
She was totally lost as he deepened the kiss. His fingers dug deep into her wet hair while he had one hand down the small of her back, pressing her against him. Oh, God! She could feel him growing hard. And instead of anger or revolt, she felt herself growing warm and excited. Oh, God! She desired her own adopted brother. Oh, God, no! She couldn't. This was wrong. Very wrong.
When she felt his pressure on her lips lessen, she knew this had to stop because otherwise she'd be totally lost. She took the chance and moved back, pretending to be angry. Yes, it was better that he thought she didn't like him. That way he wouldn't pursue this weird relationship that she knew was likely to happen if she didn't put a stop to it. That way she wouldn't hurt him in the long run. That way she wouldn't hurt herself.
"If you ever kiss me again, Sebastian Princeton, I'm going to bite you," she said.
He stared at her, his face a mask. His eyes, however, spoke volumes because they were flashing blue fire.
Sakura moved back, but before she got any farther, he pulled her back to him and kissed her again, this time deeper and wilder as he plunged his tongue into her mouth, stroking and lashing his tongue against hers. His hand was strong and firm behind her head, holding her still as he continued to kiss her. His other hand was on her lower back, pressing her against him.
Sakura couldn't do much more than respond to his demanding kiss. Her whole body shuddered in pleasure as he expertly played with her. His mouth and lips were warm against hers and she felt weak and dizzy. When he let her go, she gazed at him, dazed.
"You didn't bite me," he said, a devilishly handsome grin on his face.
Though her head still felt somewhat light, the meaning of his words didn't miss her. In retaliation, she moved her head to his shoulder, opened her mouth wide, and bit him hard.
Sebastian gasped but didn't move as she continued to bite him. Instead, he looked pleased. There was pain in his eyes, but there was pleasure also, as thrilling sensations rushed through his being. Oh, God! She was beautiful biting him.
Sakura bit his flesh as best she could and then moved back. Once she'd seen her teeth mark on his skin, she hastily turned and paddled to the other side before he caught her again.
Sebastian watched her go, climb up out of the pool, grab her clothing, and literally run from the room in her underwear. He felt his blood run hot with desire. She had been swimming in her underwear. Holy shit! It was such a turn-on.
Slowly, he turned his eyes to the bite mark on his chest and smiled. He touched it, gently caressing the mark with his fingers.