
Story Note: At this point I think I need to clarify the relationship between Sakura and the Suzuki family, as it confuses a lot of people. First of, Sakura is not related to Sosuke and Akira. Lady Haruka Suzuki, maiden name Haruka Tanaka, had a relationship with an unknown American man (at this stage unknown) and gave birth to Sakura. This is where A Secret Kiss begins. She leaves Sakura at the door step of the orphanage because she has to go back to Japan to get married to Sosuke and Akira's uncle, Kenji Suzuki. If she were to take Sakura with her, then her family will disown her and she will have dishonored her family. Please read the beginning of A Secret Proposal again. It will explain it there. So  Haruka is aunt to both Sosuke and Akira through marriage. Another words, they are in-laws, not blood related. Hence, Sakura has no family connection with Sosuke and Akira at all. I hope this clarify the difficult, somewhat intertwine relationship between Sakura and the Suzuki family. Please also note that since Sakura has changed her name from Sakura Princeton to Sakura Tanaka, she is no longer a Princeton, and therefore, is no longer the brothers' adopted sister.

Now let's continue with the story ^_^

For the next few weeks, Sakura worked hard to learn Haruka's business inside and out so she could be more of help to the woman. Haruka herself made sure Sakura was being taught everything there was to know about the billion dollar company, since Sakura would be the one who'd inherit the empire. Of course that was if Sakura wanted it after they had confirmed their relationship with DNA testing. As of now, Haruka was just enjoying her time with her biological daughter, both during work time at the office and leisure time at the apartment.
Sakura herself found she enjoyed learning from and working with Haruka. The woman was like a mentor to her, and Sakura learnt many aspects of the business world she hadn't known before. When she wasn't busy with the multibillion dollars empire, she learnt Japanese cuisine with the housekeeper, helping the woman preparing meals for the family. Then at night, she'd catch up on her own business, updating the Tanaka Gallery websites with new photos she had taken from previous weeks for sale and doing promotion to get more people interested in her work. Because she couldn't paint in the apartment, she'd rushed over to the gallery to catch up doing that too, after she had finished her work with Haruka and had had meals with the family. Of course Sosuke, Akira, and Toby usually accompanied her. The first time Akira had seen the place, she fell in love with it and offered to play sale assistant for Sakura during the day, which Sakura was very grateful and took the offer without hesitation. So it happened that Ned had to stay in LA for another couple of weeks, and Sakura couldn't close the gallery any longer because she needed money for the bills. Furthermore, Melissa had decided to quit which put more pressure on Sakura. Luckily Megan, her previous sale assistant, returned to the city, and Sakura got in contact with the lovely, jolly woman right away. And of course Akira helped out and worked with Megan until Sakura could find another sale assistant.
Over all of this, Sakura started getting tired and exhausted very easily. She knew her health wasn't doing great currently because of her hectic lifestyle. She wanted to cut back on the long hours, missing meals, and short sleeping time, but couldn't find a way to do that. Then of course she noticed that the rent for the gallery and loft was getting ridiculous, too. It had jumped up quite a lot since she had started out last year. So much so that she decided to get in contact with her landlord herself instead of leaving it to Ned to deal with the unpleasant business.
Once her email was sent, she got an instant reply. She was very surprised that her landlord was so on to it, and even more so when he agreed that he would lower the rent for her. She thanked him profusely, and it wasn't long when Sakura realized that the man, who never reveal his name at the end of the email, started emailing her at least twice a day to ask how everything was. Usually Sakura didn't reply to emails unless they were related to business or that the person she was replying to was her friend, but for this one, she broke her own rule. She replied, and found that she enjoyed writing casual and something hilarious emails to him. Eventually they got into chatting online, and did so quite often until very late, or rather early in the morning. He told her that he was actually a fan of her work and had many of her paintings and photos in his house. She was very pleased and told him that she'd send him some of her very recent ones that she won't be putting up for sale. So he'd be the only person who'd get to have it.