
Conrad turned and glared at them. "What the hell?"
Tristan chuckled and said, "What?" and opened Sakura's door and walked in.
"What are you guys doing?" Conrad shouted, which of course drew the attention of the occupants from inside.
"Helping Sakura fix her dress," Darcy said and walked in as well.
Conrad sighed, his face still flaming red as he watched his brothers filing into Sakura's room. He gritted his teeth and entered as well.
Sakura wasn't pleased when her room was filled with men. Young. Hot. Princeton. Men.
"What are you guys doing here?" she asked none too gently.
"Helping you," Tristan said. "Fixing that horrid dress."
Sakura gritted her teeth. "I have enough help here," she announced. "Now please leave my room. And there isn't enough space for all of you here."
It was true. Her room wasn't that large, and with all of them there, there was absolutely no space to move.
"Then let's move to mine," Mary offered. "Mine is bigger." Of course, since she was the bride-to-be, James had given her one of the biggest bedrooms in the mansion, which pleased Mary very well.
"Let's go, then," Tristan said, pulling Sakura by the hand and leading her out the door.
"Isn't that nice?" Beth said to Katherine. "The brothers are here to help their sister out."
Sebastian and Darcy didn't like the sound of that and didn't bother to hide their scowling.
A few minutes later, Sakura found herself standing before the full-length mirror and everyone inspecting her.
"I think it should be shorter," Tristan said.
"How short?" Beth asked.
"Short short," Tristan said.
"Not that short," Sebastian put in.
"I like it short," Logan said. "Just above the knees."
"No," Tristan put in. "Shorter."
"I don't want it short," Sakura said. "Mary?" She turned to her friends for help. She thought the bride-to-be should put in a few words. Otherwise, the brothers would go out of control designing her new dress to their hearts' content. When Mary just cocked her head to one side, Sakura said, "I thought the bridesmaid's dress was supposed to be long."
"Well-" Mary started, but Tristan cut her off.
"Of course not," he said sharply. "It suits you better short." And he grabbed a bunch of the material on her and ripped off the bottom bit.
Sakura sucked in her breath. "Tristan!" she screamed. But he wasn't paying her any attention. When she turned to look at the other brothers, they too weren't shocked to see the material being ripped off from her person. Now she stood before them, her long legs bare.
"Honestly," she said. "That's it. I'm not in this anymore." She took one step toward the door before Darcy caught her wrist and pulled her back.
"Be patient," he said. "We're fixing your dress."
She blinked and wanted to laugh. First, they'd forgotten she ever existed. Second, they had a swimming competition to see who got to be her instructor, and now they were fixing her dress. She wanted to laugh at that. After all, they were men and how could-