
"Yes, of course," Beth said, nodding her head, her eyes on Sebastian and Darcy at the door. They were grinning at her from ear to ear.
Some twenty minutes later, Sakura, Sebastian, and Darcy were enjoying their breakfast and coffee together in the dining room when Conrad joined them.
"Why didn't you wake me?" Conrad demanded at the door, Toby in his arms. Toby barked at them in outrage as well.
"You were too comfortable in your bed," Darcy said. "Come on." He nodded at the chair next to his, which Conrad happily took a seat.
* * * * *


"You know, I can get to the clinic myself," Sakura said, staring at Sebastian beside her.
"Yes, I know," he replied, a grin on his face. "But I want to accompany you." He changed the topic. "How are you feeling today?" He placed the back of his hand over her forehead as he looked at her closely. The intensity of his blue eyes made her blush, and Sebastian chuckled. "Not too bad?"
She pushed his hand away in annoyance and said, "Stop that."
"Stop what?" he asked, teasing her, his face so close to her that he made her feel a little weak in the knees.
"Stop looking at me like that," she muttered. She sighed in vexation and turned her attention to the elevator door instead. It dinged in that instant and opened. Sebastian moved to the side, allowing her to exit the lift first.
They came into a posh clinic, and after Sakura have informed the receptionist that she was here for her appointment, she and Sebastian took their seats in the waiting area. Sebastian was holding Sakura's hand and kept teasing her, leaving no doubt to everyone there that they were a couple.
"Miss Sakura Tanaka?" a male voice said.
Sakura stood and came to face a pleasant man a little older than Sebastian.
"Ah, Sebastian," the doctor said. "It's been a while."
"Dave, how's Claire?" Sebastian asked.
"She's good," Dave said, "and busy with the kids." Then he laughed.
"You're keeping her busy." Sebastian chuckled.
Dave returned his gaze to Sakura and smiled knowingly. "Sakura, please follow me," he said.
Sakura nodded.
"Ah, Sebastian, do you want to come as well?" Dave asked.
Sakura blinked and quickly said, "No. No. That's fine. I don't need him. That is I mean he doesn't need to come in."
Dave looked a little confused. "It's totally fine if Sebastian wants to come in. I see women all the time with their boyfriend, especially if it's to do with contraception and birth control and trying to get pregnant or what not."
Sakura glanced at Sebastian, who didn't even try to hide his amusement.
"Sakura darling, do want me to come in with you?" He teased.
Sakura glared at him, her face red. "No, I'm fine, Sebastian. Please stay here." She turned to the doctor and said quickly, "Let's go."
Dave nodded and led her into his office. Once inside, he indicated for her to take a seat, which she did.
"What can I do for you then?" Dave began.