
Mono No Aware

The moon was bright and high above the dark gray sky. It was quiet and peaceful, and Sebastian stood there gazing out of his bedroom window, deep in thought. In the distance across the garden, he could see the slight figure of a woman. It was Sakura, and she was walking along the dragon bridge that stretched across the pond. Her gait was slow, as if she were strolling through a park, enjoying and appreciating the scenery. Then once she got to the middle of the bridge, she stopped and turned her eyes to gaze up at the moon. A moment later, she leaned both her elbows on the railing of the bridge and gazed down at the pond instead. He could sense her smiling even though he couldn't see her face from this far, and he imagined just how beautiful she'd be. His heart glowed with delight at the thought.
He noted it was quite breezy outside, with petals of cherry blossoms floating around her, and Sebastian felt his blood warm. She looked so at peace, and he felt his heart radiate with love toward her. Then before he changed his mind, he turned on his heel and headed out the door. In an instant, he was outside and rushing down the pathway that'd lead him to the pond-to her.
He stopped at the base of the bridge, his heart thumping hard-not from the rushing, but from the sight of her before him.
Sakura was enjoying herself watching the many carp swimming in the pond. Then she felt as though someone was watching her, and by instinct she turned.
She gasped in surprise. "Sebastian!" she whispered under her breath. She didn't expect him to be out here of all places and at this time of night too. This was after all her sanctuary, a place where she'd come to think and be alone. A place where it reminded her of her birth, of the woman who had given her life, and of the name she'd been given.
"Hi," he said, strolling across the bridge toward her.
"Hi," she replied uncertainly, cocking her head to one side. "What-what are you doing here?"
He stopped only inches from her-his tall, masculine body overpowering her small frame. Sakura took a step back, her heart suddenly pounding in her chest.
Up close and at this time of the night, under the bright moonlight and with the pink glow of cherry blossoms around them, Sebastian realized that she looked even more alluring than ever with her black hair, flawless skin, luscious lips, and brown eyes.
Sebastian reluctantly moved his gaze away from her breathtaking face to look at his surroundings.
"It's beautiful here," he said, noting the bright cherry blossoms that hung so low they almost touched the glassy water of the pond, the bright moon in the distance, and of course Sakura herself standing there before him. She blended into the scenery perfectly, almost as if she were a part of them, born within them.
"What about you?" he asked. "What are you doing here this late at night?"
"I couldn't sleep," she murmured softly. "I always come here when I can't sleep."
She reached over to pick a branch containing a few flowers and then gave it to him. Sebastian glanced at her, and when he saw she nodded, he reached his hand out to her. As he took the branch, his fingers brushed hers.
Sakura sucked in her breath and hastily moved her hand back. "Smell it," she said.
He brought it to his nose and inhaled-his eyes on her. Then his pupils dilated at the sweet scent rushing into his being. It was then he realized it was the same sweet scent he'd smelled on her that first time they'd met at the road.
"It's nice, right?" she asked.