
"Snow," he said through gritted teeth, his mauve-gray eyes scorching with passion. He wanted to say something. Hell! He wanted to tell her how much he loved her and how much he wanted her, but he just couldn't find the words. His throat was tight, and he knew that if he didn't walk away now, he'd really lose it.
And he did lose it. He gazed at her for a bit too long, disregarding his plan of letting her go and walk away. His firm hand at the nape of her neck, he drew her to him and claimed her lips again. He kissed her so hard and so deep that it made Sakura squirm in his embrace, making her body hunger for more of his kisses and touches. Finally, he found his control again and slowly released her lips, reluctantly.
"We'll quash Toby if I keep kissing you like this," he said softly.
Sakura nodded in agreement. He made her settle against him with her head resting in the crock of his neck, his arm wrapped around her. Sakura stayed there, quite content at the feeling of his hard and warm body against her when Darcy said, "I wanted to die when you disappeared, Snow. It was painful, and I don't want that to happen again. I don't want to feel like that again."
Sakura felt tears stung her eyes. "I've decided I can't run from my own destiny anymore, Darce."
He stroked her hair, loving the feel of the soft strands against his fingers.
"What's your destiny?" he asked curiously.
She raised her eyes to look at him. "You and your brothers."
He smiled-that dark brooding smile that she loved. She touched his lips, marveling at the flesh that was able to give her much pleasure with kisses. "But I'm not allow to love to men at the same time."
Darcy raised a brow at her. "Who said that?"
"The universe," she replied. "It's my conscience, Darce." She sat up, looking at him pointedly. "I mind very much about this. I mind that I..." She bowed her head, thinking about her kisses with Sebastian yesterday.
"That you kissed Sebastian and then me?" he asked softly.
She blushed and flashed her eyes to him. "Darce!"
"Do you?" he asked seriously.
She nodded. Darcy nudged her face so that she had no choice but to look at him. He wanted to say to her that he do, too. He wanted to tell her that he only wanted her to kiss him and no other man. In doing so, however, would be unfair to Sebastian. They had agreed this would be a fair competition between them to gain Sakura's heart, after all.
Darcy knew he wasn't good with words and wanted to show her how much she meant to him. He drew her close, anticipated on giving her another kiss when Toby perked up and barked excitedly at the far side of the garden.
In the distance across the glass corridor, a manly shadow made his way toward the door. A moment later, he came into the garden, making Toby barking even more animatedly.
Darcy tightened his grip on Sakura as the shadow came closer. He had no doubt who it was. It was such a bad timing, to be sure, and he was more than a little annoyed at the situation.
"I was wondering where you two were," Sebastian said in the distance as he moved toward them. He stopped short when he saw Sakura in Darcy's arms. He hesitated, knowing that he had just walked upon time at an untimely manner. He was about to turn back when Darcy said, "It's a beautiful night, isn't it?" He loosen his arms around Sakura, indicating that whether she chose to stay in his arms or not was her decision.