
It was then that Melissa returned and said, "Oh, you all liked the coffee?"
"Have you made the call?" Nicolas asked from the distance as if Melissa was one of his staff.
And Melissa did behaved like one by saying, "Yes, sir. She said she'd be back soon. She told me to make you comfortable. She just have a short meeting to go to."
"With who, do you know?" Logan asked curiously. He also gave her a handsome smile to please her.
Melissa was stoked and said, "I'm not sure, sir, but I saw a wrapped gown with her when she left with her friend."
Darcy and Sebastian looked at each other and knew where Sakura was heading.
"Anything else you I can get for you?" Melissa asked pleasantly.
"We're good," Conrad said, dismissing her.
"Are you sure?" She wanted to be their most amazingly wonderful hostess. In fact, she wanted to serve all seven of them all the way into bed, of course. It was then that a bell rang, indicating the entry of customers, and Melissa annoyingly headed back to the main gallery.
Sebastian turned to Nicolas and said, "Mr. Tachibana?"
"I'm on it," Nicolas replied and dialed the number. The brothers waited patiently while Nicolas listened to the phone ringing. After a few rounds, Mr. Tachibana's voice came over and said, "Konnichiwa, this is Tachibana, I am unavailable right now. Please leave a message and I will reply as soon as I can. Sayonara and have a nice day." A long, merry laugh followed.
"Shit!" Nicolas snapped. "He's not picking up." He tried again and waited. It was the same. Mr. Tachibana didn't pick up.
"Oh shit!" Hayden said. "He can't be that busy."
"Try again later," Logan suggested.
It was then that Conrad pricked his ear and said, "I think I hear a dog barking."
"Are you hearing things?" Logan teased.
"Shut up," Conrad snapped. He got up from his seat as his brothers watched him curiously. He disappeared out the door, and a few moments later, he said loudly. "Holy shit! It's Toby!"
Sebastian and Darcy came rushing out the door to see Conrad cradling the west terriers in his arms. The dog was licking Conrad's face. Conrad was laughing like he had never laughed before.
"It's Toby," he said again.
Toby stopped licking Conrad and them jumped out from the young man's arm. He raced to Darcy and jumped about him a few moments, wagging his tails in excitement. Darcy got down to his knees and stroked the dog's head, smiling.
"Where's your master, Toby?"
"She's out and won't like it if she found out you boys are here," came the reply.
The brothers turned to see Ned coming up the stairs, a smile on his face. "Didn't take you long to find out where she lives, did it?"
Toby was so excited at seeing the brothers again that he barked loudly and then rushed over to Sebastian and then Tristan. Before Tristan could pick him up, however, she rushed over to Logan and let the man pat him. He wasn't satisfied with just that either and raced over to Hayden and then to Nicolas. Finally, he settled by going back to Sebastian and let the man picked him up. He barked loudly again and begged the man to pet him, which Sebastian happily obliged.
Ned said, "I've never seen the little bugger that excited since we left St. Joseph Island." Then he laughed.