
A Secret Proposal
Falling For Sakura Trilogy: Book Two
Alexia Praks

Copyright © 2015 by Alexia Praks
All Rights Reserved

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. This book was self-published by the author Alexia Praks under Prachan Press. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without agreement and written permission of the author. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author's rights. Purchase only authorized editions.

The author can be reached at: www.alexiapraks.com
* * * * *

PROLOGUE

A Mother's Regret

Sayonara, my beautiful daughter. Mono no aware. You are like the sakura flower that blooms vibrantly in spring, just like this spring, so lovely and full of life and color. You are here in my life for only a short time, enchanting me with your innocent beauty and kind soul, and a brief moment later you are gone again, out of my life. Thus, I shall name you Sakura. I am sad, my darling daughter, to leave you behind. I am sad to never see you grow up, feel your love, or hear you call me "Okasama." But I am not a worthy mother. Thus, sayonara, my beautiful Sakura.
* * * * *


It was spring again, and Haruka Suzuki felt her heart aching to once again hold the beautiful baby girl she had abandoned twenty-five years ago.
Torment, guilt, and regret—those were the feelings she felt deep within her being, burning deep within her soul, ripping her heart to pieces.
Why had she abandoned her beautiful baby girl? Why?
Haruka couldn't come up with an explanation as to why. The only pathetic excuse she had was that she had been too young—too young to see reasons, understand, and stand up for what she thought was right. Yes, she had also been too afraid of what might happen—too afraid of the future, society, and her own parents, of what they'd do to her and her beloved daughter.
Twenty-five years ago, her arranged marriage to Kenji Suzuki, the eldest son of the wealthy, famous Suzuki family, had been imminent. She had known it would ruin both families' names if anyone were to find out she had been pregnant before marriage with an unknown American man. Thus, she had no choice but to leave the baby girl at the orphanage in St. Joseph Island, a place she had chosen because it had seemed so far removed from this corrupted world, a place where she had thought her beloved daughter would be well taken care of. Then she had returned to Japan and honored her family's wish by marrying Kenji in order to forge the two families, the Suzuki and the Tanaka, and strengthened the already powerful, wealthy families even more.
Haruka Tanaka. That had been her name once, twenty-five years ago to be precise. She hadn't understood why back then she hadn't given her baby girl her last name. If she had been smart enough to have done that, then it wouldn't have been so hard to search for her now.