
She gained control of herself then and shoved herself back, away and out of his embrace. She took a few steps back, her whole body shaking uncontrollably. Then she found herself bumping against Sebastian and found herself in his arms. She panicked and glanced up to see azure-blue eyes gazing down at her. There were both pain and pleasure in those beautiful eyes of his that burnt deep within his soul. Sakura bit her lip and wanted to cry out in outrage. Why here? Why now?
She wasn't ready for this. She wasn't ready to meet them again yet. She hadn't prepared herself as yet—both mentally and emotionally. Both of them had affected her too much last spring after they had confessed their loves for her. She herself had fallen in love—not with just one of them but with both. How could a woman fall in love with two men at the same time? Even more shocking when those men were brothers?
She freed herself from his arms and stood in the middle, tears in her eyes. Oh God, she had to get away.
Suddenly, Tristan appeared before her, his face only a few inches away from hers. He grinned. "Interesting," he said. "Is that your idea, Mr. Tachibana? The two different eye colors?"
Mr. Tachibana cocked his head to one side and was about to say something when Logan said, "One blue eye and one gray eye. They looked oddly familiar, don't you think, Tristan?"
"God you guys are annoying," Hayden said and then turned to Sakura. "Come on, Mom and Dad are waiting."
"Sakura!" Conrad said, watching her, his eyes sad. "Why did you leave us?"
Sakura wanted to cry when she had seen Conrad's upset face. She didn't what to stay and suddenly felt awfully hot and dizzy. "I'm sorry. I— I have to go and change."
Confused, she started walking away. As she headed toward the dressing room, she noted that the brothers were following her again. Oh God, couldn't they just leave her be?
She glanced to her right and saw Sebastian, Hayden, and Conrad behind her, following her but at the same time keeping a good distance back. On her right, she saw Darcy, Logan, and Tristan following her, also keeping a good distance back. She felt like she had six bodyguards following her, and felt awfully trapped.
She glanced ahead of her. Yes! Thank God! People! So many people. Busy people going about everywhere; shouting, screaming, and scrambling. It was backstage after all.
That was when Jane appeared. Thank Goodness! Sakura rushed up to Jane, her heart pounding. She knew there was a slim chance that she'd be able to escape, and she'd take it if it killed her.
"What's wrong?" Jane asked the moment she had seen Sakura's pale face.
Suddenly, a bunch of people rushed around them, and Sakura took that chance. "Don't tell them who I am, okay?" She hastily lifted her foot and took the damn high heel off and then did that to the other side. Bare feet and a lot more comfortable, she begged Jane, "Please, I beg you. Don't tell them anything about me. I'll explain later." She handed Jane the shoes and then dashed away, her person blocked by hundreds of people, hiding her from the brothers' view. She raced toward the exit door, shoved it open, and then raced down the stairs. Oh God! Oh God! That was close, she thought, and continued running.
The brothers suddenly lost sight of Sakura and frantically searched about them.
"She's gone!" Sebastian shouted.
"The exit!" Darcy yelled and raced toward it, followed by Sebastian.