
"Hey, files?" Sakura asked.
Jane sighed in relief. "Oh my God, thank you so much, Sakura. But there's one more thing you have to do for me."
"What is it?"
"Can you please take these to Chris? He's up at the fourth floor," she begged. Then she saw that Sakura was about to ask why the wardrobe manager was up on the fourth floor, she said, "Don't even ask me that. That man's logic is beyond me."
"All right," Sakura said. "I don't mind."
"Good," Jane said, dumping another set of file into her arms. "Now hustle, my dear friend."
Sakura laughed and took off out the door.
* * * * *


Melissa Williams couldn't believe her luck when she saw the handsome young man with dark hair strode into the gallery. God, he literally took her breath away, and she really couldn't take her eyes off him as he purposely headed toward her. There was that something about him that really fascinated her. She decided that it was partially due to the way he was walking, with that easy and confident grace that told the world he was not the type to be messed with, that he knew what his goal was and would not deter until he accomplished that goal. The aura she sensed from him was that of mystery and darkness, and it intrigued her even more, thrilling her blood to a new height.
This guy was the hard to catch type—the type that wouldn't get in to bed with her that easily. Then there was also the fact that he was way out of her league, but that made Melissa wanted him even more.
Her eyes gleamed with delight as he came toward her. God, just look at the way he walked. And his body? She was sure that beneath those expensive Armani suit was a body to die for with toned, firm muscles, and yes, a six pack abs. Her blood thrilled at the thought of her fingers brushing against that abs that she imagined in her mind.
As he came closer, she wondered if he swims. His body sure did indicate so, even if it was just for pleasure.
He stopped in front of her at the counter. His face—strong and breathtakingly gorgeous—was impassive. And those eyes of his? They were deep, sharp with intelligence, and very intense. The color really fascinated her. It was a type of color she had never seen before on any person. It was the color of the moon in a stormy night. Especially when a lightning strikes, it had that odd pale lavender reflecting within it. It was a mauve-grey color.
He put one masculine hand on the counter; hand that told her it could be turned into a passionate lover. The thought of that particular hand on her body made Melissa turned hot. She sighed as she gazed at that hand, her mind wandering.
"I'm here to pick up a painting," he said, his voice deep, which caused Melissa's heart to flutter within her chest with delight.
Melissa smiled pleasantly, her cheeks blushed a perfect pink she was sure would attract any male's attention. She licked her fuchsia red lips, hoping to draw his attention there. No such luck though, as the young man darted his eyes to the painting around the gallery instead. So what? He found Sakura Tanaka's paintings way more interesting than her? Melissa wasn't pleased about that and silently fumed. Was he to be another one of the many men who come into this gallery only to see the pretty painter and buy her paintings? Was he to be another of the many men who paid no attention to her, the hot sale assistant?
Melissa was pissed.
"There's only one painting to be picked up today," she said, still eyeing the gorgeous dark hair man with undisguised interest that practically said, 'please look at me, I'm begging you, I want you.'