
Sakura didn't know this but the brothers looked angry and flabbergasted that a grown woman would struck an innocent child. Conrad looked like he wanted to cry. Nicolas scowled darkly and nudged his glasses up the bridge of his nose. Hayden fisted his hands into balls and wanted to commit murder. Logan gritted his teeth at the brutal treatment, and on their beloved adopted sister as well. Tristan looked like he wanted to punch someone's face.
Sebastian's face was hard and cold, his body tense as she stared at the woman he loved, the woman who had been abused and mistreated when she had been a child. All he wanted to do was to pull her into his arms and comfort her and protect her.
Darcy, too, had his eyes on her. The mauve-gray color glinted a cold, frosty gaze, reflecting the anger and hurt for Mrs. Byrd and passion and love for the young woman before him. His face was a dark mask as he listened to Sakura's tormented past, to her abused childhood that none of them knew and could never imagine the depth of the pain.
"I was bleeding and she just left me laying there in the kitchen," Sakura said. "The whole place was on fire."
"Ugh!" Conrad said. "That is disgusting. She was leaving you for dead."
"I could have died," Sakura said. "If the fire alarm didn't go off and one of the staff didn't come into the kitchen. She saw me and screamed. But she got a hold of herself and took me out before it was too late."
Conrad tightened his arms around her again and said, "I'm so glad Dad decided to adopt you."
Sakura chuckled. "Me, too." She rested her head against his shoulder, a smile on her lips, though there were tears in her eyes.
Conrad was happy that she accepted his embrace and beamed delightfully at his brothers. Tristan decided to be jealous of his brother, which Logan chuckled and said teasingly, "Do you want to hug Sakura, too?"
Tristan was about to reply when Sosuke's panicky voice came loud and clear at from the door. "Oba-chan!" he shouted.
"Oba-chan!" Akira screamed, tears in her eyes.
Sakura and the brothers turned to see Haruka collapsing there at the door in Sosuke's arms.