
After a lot more of the hugging and a few tears from Brenda and Beth, Sakura was made to sit between James and Brenda as they continued their reunion session. Haruka, who had been with both James and Brenda for the past few hours, excused herself and left them to it. The woman did not allow her tears to flow until she was completely alone in her own room. She was glade indeed that Sakura had been adopted into such a kind and lovely family. She thanked her Gods for that. She was so grateful to both James and Brenda for filling her shoes, taking on a role Haruka herself had been unfit to perform as parents to Sakura.
Brenda couldn't help herself and kept pulling Sakura into her arms whilst James kept patting her head. Conrad decided to join his parents in interrogating Sakura about her life for the past year, of course with Toby in his arms. This went on for a couple of hours, and meanwhile, Nicolas, Tristan, Logan, Sebastian, Hayden, and Darcy were hovering in and out of the living room. Sakura got distract by their appearance and disappearance now and again, curious and wondered what the heck they were up to. Of course now and again the occupants in the living area would hear loud swear words such as 'son of bitch!' and 'Oh for f**k's sake!' and 'shit!' and 'oh for the love of God' and 'for Christ's sake!' and 'I'm bleeding!' and a whole lot more. Most were from Tristan and Logan and a few from Hayden.
It was a few hours later when the family settled down for dinner around the table.
"I cooked your favorite today, Sakura," Beth said. "It's roast pork and chicken and, of course, chocolate cake and ice cream for dessert."
"Yum!" Conrad said, rubbing his hands together. "Your chocolate cake is the best, Beth."
"Thanks, Beth," Sakura said and thought to add, "Do you want some help?"
"I had plenty of help, Sakura," Beth said. A moment later, her minions came out from the kitchen. Sebastian and Nicolas were carrying the main dishes of roast pork each. Darcy had the two trays of chickens in his hands whilst Tristan had two big plates of roast vegetables and Logan two bowls of salads. Hayden was carrying some bottles of wine.
"Hey, you guys didn't tell me you were helping with dinner." Conrad accused his brothers, and Toby barked at them with outrage as well.
Tristan said, as he put his load down on the table, "That's because you're too busy being smitten by your adopted sister."
At this, the brothers laughed, and Conrad face reddened with embarrassment. Toby licked Conrad's face fondly, teasing him as well.
Sakura noted that the brothers clothing were a mess, too, and wondered if they had never been in the kitchen cooking before. No wonder there were swears words. She hid a smile because they didn't seem to notice they looked quite a picture. Six hot men in dirty clothing was rather amusing and enchanting to watch. They were eye candy to say the least, especially Sebastian and Darcy.
Everyone moved in to take their seats, and Conrad wanted to sit beside Sakura but found that he was too late. Sebastian got to her left first and then Darcy her right. So he resigned to sitting beside Darcy, with Toby on his lap. Everyone else took the chairs around the table, and James demanded that Beth be seated with them as well, which she happily obliged.
Everyone started digging in, hands taking and placing pieces of meat and vegetables onto their plates. Darcy was cutting a piece of chicken thigh and placing it onto a plate for Sakura when Sakura noticed the burnt marks on his hands.
"Your hands," she said, caressing the wound.