
She headed down the stairs to the first floor, noting that the barking was getting louder. As she was crossing the long corridor, she realized it was coming from within the library-hers and Toby's favorite place in the house, especially in winter when she read to him out loud. Toby seemed to enjoy her soothing voice as she read to him near the fireplace and him snuggling cozily on her lap. This time, however, she surely hoped he wasn't munching on books since she wasn't with him.
"Toby?" she called out softly as she opened the door.
No reply.
She moved in a little farther, narrowing her eyes against the bright glaring evening light that entered the enormous room via the floor-to-ceiling window from the west side of the house. She blinked a couple of times to get used to the lighting, and that was when she saw Toby with Conrad. The dog was lying on the floor, and Conrad was rubbing his tummy. They were having a good time, all right, and oddly enough, Sakura found that quite pleasing. Toby must really like Conrad very much to allow the brother to touch him. Normally, he wouldn't let just anyone touch him unless he knew he was safe with that person.
"Toby?" she called out again. The dog heard her immediately, his ears pricking up. He rolled himself up to his feet and barked her a happy greeting.
Sakura took another step forward, pleased to see he wasn't munching on books. Because she wasn't paying any attention to her surroundings and only had eyes on her dog, she tripped on a pair of feet and fell forward, free-styling toward the floor. Luckily, she didn't land on the hard floor and turn herself into a young corpse. Instead, she landed on a large, long, lean body.
Puff!
Sakura was breathless and sprawling on top of a rather comfortable, warm, masculine being below her.
"Oh shit!" Conrad shouted, rushing over to her.
Nicolas got up and hastily looked at what damage his long legs had done.
"Get off her, Sebastian!" Conrad shouted.
Sakura opened her eyes and looked up to see a pair of blue eyes watching her. Her heart missed a beat and started up again-very fast. Oh, God! She could feel his warm, hard body beneath her. She wanted to die.
"Get off her," Conrad shouted again, standing before them.
Sebastian, still a bit dazed that a soft female body suddenly landed on him, wondered how he could get himself off Sakura when it was she who was on top of him. But then again, she felt just right where she was, as though she belonged there. He didn't feel the need to remove her from her current position. Not to mention the fact that her face was only inches from his. They were nose to nose and lips to lips; they could be kissing.
God, he thought, she has beautiful skin. She looked so fresh and innocent without any makeup on, and it stirred something deep within his being. Something that made him want to protect her, like he'd wanted to do all those years ago but had been too afraid to do so.
"Sakura," Nicolas said. "I'm sorry my feet got in the way. Now, maybe you should get off Sebastian."
Sakura blinked and then hastily pushed herself up, her cheeks red. However, she didn't have time to remove herself completely from Sebastian when Toby jumped into her arms and started barking happily, as if inviting her to play with them.