
Sakura watched in horror as Kate brought the Swiss Army knife down toward her. She screamed, and instantly, before the knife could cut her flesh, Sakura's hand shot out and held Kate's wrist, stopping her in time.
"Why are you doing this?" she panted out lowly, her face pale.
"To get rid of you. You've destroyed too many lives. You've destroyed Tara's life. You've destroyed Alaina's life. They're my best friends. Now you've also destroyed my life. You took my Darcy away from me. You've ruined my life, you bitch."
Kate applied more force, her face red as she brought the knife closer to Sakura's throat, ready to slice her life away.
Sakura wanted to cry out. Oh, God! The fear within her was overwhelming. What if Kate did manage to slice her throat here and now and kill her in an instant?
Sakura couldn't think further and managed to jostle the knife out of Kate's hand. Kate scrambled for her precious weapon. Sakura took the opportunity to shove Kate back, causing the other woman to fall on her backside. Sakura chose the chance to run out of the cave and into the storm outside.
The rain was hard and heavy and beating down on her with a ferocious anger. She couldn't see a thing as she raced down the narrow pathway she hoped would lead her to somewhere safe.
"Come back here, bitch," Kate shouted after her. "I'm going to kill you for what you did."
Sakura wasn't listening. She raced around the sharp corner, nearly slipping on the muddy pathway. She blinked away rainwater from her eyes as she searched in panic which way to go.
"Sakura! Where the fuck are you?" Kate screamed in the rain. "Come back here and let me kill you properly!" Then she laughed.
Sakura came to a sudden stop and nearly fell off the cliff. It was a dead end. She shot back and clung flat against the wall. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, praying very hard that she wouldn't fall.
"You know," Kate said, not too far away, rain beating down on her. "This is a pretty good place for you to die. Instead of me slicing your throat to make it look like suicide, maybe I'll throw you off the cliff and make it look like an accident. What do you think, Sakura?"
Sakura felt her heart thumping loud and furious within her chest, her head spinning and her whole body shaking. How did it come to this? Why was Kate trying to kill her? She hadn't done anything to deserve this.
She bit her lip and peeked down. She shouldn't have done that, for straight down below her was the sea-very angry, with those big waves crashing against the cliff's edge. It was ready to devour her.
She swallowed and tried to stay as calm as she could, telling herself to take a deep breath and not move. If she kept quiet and still, then Kate would realize she wasn't here and would leave.
She breathed in heavily and clung to the side of the cliff as the rain beat down on her, her whole body cold and wet and her head throbbing with pain. She felt blood sliding down her face and quickly wiped it away. That was when she realized her head was injured, probably from the impact against the rocky wall in the cave.
"Where are you?" Kate sang merrily.
Suddenly Kate appeared, and Sakura jumped in fear.
"There you are." Kate chuckled. "Just like old times, eh? Now then. Time to die." She grabbed Sakura by her arm and shoved her toward the edge of the cliff.
Sakura held on to Kate for dear life. "Don't!" she begged. "You don't want to do this. You shouldn't be doing this! Kate, please listen to me."