
Beth folded her arms across her chest. "Now either that or you go in there and have a proper dinner with your family."
Sakura pulled her face. Beth knew she didn't want to go in there and have her dinner with certain people, and she was making a threat. "Okay," she said. "Once I'm done with the coffee, I'm off to my room. No disruption please."
"Of course. You have my word." Beth said. She even crossed her heart.
Sakura put her satchel down on the bench top and made her way to the coffee machine. Just when she was starting to grind the coffee beans, her phone beeped. She rushed back and picked it up to find she had a new text message. She noted there was no name, and she didn't recognize the phone number either. She didn't remember giving her phone number to anybody lately. Curious, she went ahead and read the message.
Where are you?
Huh? Sakura couldn't help herself and texted back: Who is this?
A second later she got another text, and it read: Doesn't matter. Where are you?
She gritted her teeth. What absolute nonsense. Was somebody playing tricks on her? She texted back: Go to hell!
She threw her phone on the bench, frowning at it. When she was just about to turn, her phone beeped again. She sighed and picked it up, determined to ring whoever it was and tell him to leave her alone.
She had another text, this time from a different number. What?
It read: Sakura, where are you? You missed dinner. And I want your coffee with a teddy bear on it like Michael's. Please come soon.
Sakura cocked her head to one side, wondering. Conrad? But how on Earth did he get her number?
She texted back: I'm in the kitchen, making your coffee. Yes, you will get a teddy bear.
She turned off the phone so she wouldn't get disrupted again. She went back to making coffee, and two cups later the door burst open and Conrad rushed in.
"Hello," he said, a cheeky smile on his face.
Sakura nodded. "I'm doing yours now. A teddy bear? Are you sure?"
"Nope, I'm not sure," he said. "Come to think of it, teddy bears are for kids. How about a dragon?"
Sakura laughed. "I can't do a dragon. It's too complicated. How about a swan?"
"Okay. Swan is good. No, wait. I want to learn how to make coffee art." He rushed around the bench and came to stand behind her.
He watched her make the coffee, then she handed him the jug of hot milk.
"What?" he asked.
She pushed the jug to him. "You did say you want to make your own. Here." She made him hold the jug and then with her hand on top of his, she guided him. "You have to do it quite fast. See?"
Conrad wasn't paying attention to what she was demonstrating to him. He was watching her, and he had a big, fat grin on his face.
"See?" she asked again, looking up at him.
He nodded, still grinning like an idiot. Sakura couldn't help smiling back. She thought he looked adorable.
"What?" she asked. "Why are you smiling like that?"
"Nothing," he said. "You got something on your nose." He wiped the smudge of coffee debris from her skin. Once it was clean, instead of moving his hand away, he touched her cheek, pretending to clean there, too.