
Sebastian cocked his head to one side, mirth in his bright blue eyes. "Oh? I don't see anything wrong with a couple hugging and kissing in the parking lot. It's norming for a guy to show his feelings to his girlfriend, I'm sure."
Sakura snorted at his statement. "Kissing? We're not—"
She didn't get to finish. Sebastian planted his lips on hers and kissed her hard, his tongue licking and caressing her flesh. The action made Sakura a little lightheaded.
When he pulled back, he was grinning. "There," he said. "I've wanted to do that to you since you landed on me this morning."
Sakura blushed and moved to get out of his arms. Sebastian wouldn't let her and tightened his grip on her. He was about to kiss her again when she said, "Sebastian, I'm hungry."
He laughed. "Of course you are, and I'm not about to make you miss your very important meal."
He moved back, and with his hand on her wrist, led her away from the car toward the elevator. Some moment later, they were just heading toward the lobby of the hotel when Sakura said, "Wait, I need to go to the bathroom."
"Sure." He nodded. "I'll wait here."
"Thanks," she said and rushed off in the direction female restroom sign.
Once inside, Sakura quickly did her business, hoping that Sebastian hadn't been waiting for too long. After washing her hands, she headed back out the door, her feet hurrying across the corridor. She was opening another door that'd lead her back into the foyer when she bumped into someone. She glanced up and was about to apologize when she looked up. The moment her eyes met the elegant woman with perfectly styled blond hair, perfectly made up face, and a powerful business suit, Sakura froze in place and her eyes rounded in terror.
The other woman stared at Sakura—a cold, shocked look plastered on her face—face that was very similar to Tara. Only this one was older and had a little more wrinkles. Quickly, she regained her sense and shoved Sakura to the side, throwing the girl off balance. Then she rushed away, her steps quick and the noise of her heels clip clopping on the marble floor echoing in Sakura's head.
Sakura felt as though she couldn't breathe. Her chest felt tight as she stood there, frozen in her spot, her mind reeling with shock, confusion, and terror.
A voice called out her name, but she did not hear it. Warm hands cupping her face as her mind continued to be drawn into the pool of darkness.
"Sakura! Look at me. Sweet heart. Please look at me. Sakura."
Sakura blinked, and slowly the haze of darkness lifted from her mind as Sebastian's voice became clearer in her ears.
"Sakura, sweet heart. What's wrong?" Sebastian asked in concern.
Sakura threw herself into his arms and snuggled her face against his massive, warm chest. She said, her voice shaking, "I'm not feeling very well. Please take me home."
Sebastian wrapped his arm around her, his eyes dark with worry. He knew something was right. She was acting very strange all of a sudden. What made her change her demeanor so suddenly from being light and happy to that of frightened, like she had just seen a ghost? Worried, he nodded and led her to the door. He noted that she was tense and her body was shaking like a leaf in the storm.
On their way back home, he didn't ask her any question because she didn't look like she could manage that. His hands, however, held onto her tight. It a gesture to remind her that he was here beside her.