
"It's soft and tender," Darcy added. "It's perfect."
Beth blushed and grinned widely. "Thanks, Master Darcy. But you know I'm better with baking. Now there's my department. Perhaps I will bake some chocolate cake tomorrow. How does that sound?"
"Marvelous," Tristan said. "I love chocolate cake. And your chocolate cake is the sweetest on the island, Beth."
The housekeeper chuckled at his remark.
Alaina was fuming. She'd had enough of this stupid conversation. Why the hell did they have to praise the housekeeper when it was her job to cook them proper food anyway? She stood and then stalked out of the room, her temper hot. Tara stood up as well, gave out an outrageous puff as though to tell everyone they should be ashamed of themselves, and then left the room.
James and Brenda looked at each other.
Up on the second floor of the mansion, Alaina slammed the door shut and dumped herself on Tara's large, soft bed.
"You were right," she said. "I can't believe that bitch."
Tara turned to look at the pretty girl she'd been manipulating since they'd been children. "What?" she asked.
"That-that silly Sally girl," Alaina snapped. "I can't believe she's back, and now Mom and Dad love her more than ever."
"I think the brothers are beginning to as well," Tara said, frowning. Please, she thought darkly, not Sebastian and Darcy. Not them. Don't let them fall for her. Please don't.
"What? No way!" Alaina said. "Not my brothers."
"Conrad," Tara put in. "He's smitten with her. Or didn't you see the look on his face?"
Alaina had noticed the look on Conrad's face. He'd looked like a boy in love. But he was only twenty years old and so technically not yet a fully matured man. Sakura, on the other hand, was twenty-three. Aside from the age difference, they were also siblings-even though adopted and not at all blood related, but still.
"I want to go and stay at the hotel," Alaina suggested eagerly. "We don't have to be in the same house as her."
Tara frowned. "No!" she snapped. Of course, there was no way she'd leave this house when all the brothers, especially Sebastian and Darcy, were under the same roof as Sakura. She had to be there to prevent certain things-she wasn't sure what-from happening. Then her heart did a somersault as a sudden thought struck her. What if Sebastian fell in love with Sakura?Or Darcy, for that matter? What would she do then?
She'd have to kill Sakura, of course. She wouldn't let the girl she despised most take the men she loved away from her.
"So what? We're going to stay here and endure her presence?" Alaina asked angrily. "You know how much I hate her. I can't stand her. If you're not going, then I am."
Tara noted the rage in Alaina's hard voice. Shit! She really must calm the young woman down again if she wanted things to go her way. After all, she didn't want Alaina to leave her here by herself. That just meant she wouldn't have any support to fall on. Furthermore, Alaina was very close to both James and Brenda and hence a very good card in her hands if she needed help in her little game.
Tara moved over to the other girl and put her arm around her. "Do you really want Sakura to take everything away from you? First it was James and Brenda. Now it's Conrad, your youngest brother. Then who would be next? Darcy?" She'd said the name ever so softly so Alaina understood what she meant.
Tara knew Alaina was very protective of her brothers, especially Darcy since they were twins, and of course this worked out to her advantage.