
Punishment

Alaina watched in horror as James's palm flew toward her and then-
Slap!
Her face twisted to the side. Pain burned her skin. Tears brewed in her eyes. She gritted her teeth and glared at her father.
Tara gasped, her eyes wide, her whole body trembling in terror. Oh, God! James had just slapped Alaina. That only meant one thing. He was pissed. Very pissed.
She held her breath as she waited for her turn to come. But it never did. James just scowled at her, his silvery-gray eyes dark, his face a controlled masked of anger.
Alaina's hand shook as she touched her sore cheek. "Why did you slap me?" she screamed.
James narrowed his eyes dangerously at his daughter, his voice cold when he said, "You know what you did, Alaina. Have I not warned you many times I do not tolerate your sadistic behavior toward Sakura? I thought you'd changed. I've always known you would never accept her as your sister, but at least leave her be, for God's sake. What has she ever done to you to make you treat her that way?"
Alaina gritted her teeth. "She took Darcy from me, that's what. He's my best friend, Dad! My best friend! She has taken him from me since the first day she came into this house."
James scowled darkly. "And you still have a grudge against her because of that?" he asked, incredulous.
"Yes, Dad!" Alaina shouted, tears in her eyes. "I hate her. Why did you adopt her in the first place? Everyone knows she's a criminal. Everyone knows she burned down the orphanage and killed poor Tara's mother."
"Alaina, that's enough!" he said sharply. "I want you to go and apologize to her, now! And I mean now!"
Alaina held her head high as she stared at her father. "I will never bow to that bitch."
James gritted his teeth, and he never ever gritted his teeth. He closed his eyes for a second, taking in a deep breath. He was too old to deal with these types of things. But deal with them he must because this was his family. He opened his eyes and sighed deeply. "That's unfortunate," he said quietly.
Tara took a step forward, suddenly interested in what he was trying to say.
"What do you mean?" Alaina asked, a hint of panic in her shaky voice.
James sighed again. "I was hoping it wouldn't come to this."
"Come to this?" Alaina shouted. "What do you mean?"
James looked her straight in the eye and said, "I'm cutting your inheritance in half, Alaina."
Alaina gasped in shocked surprise. "What do you mean? What the hell do you mean?"
"I've decided to cut your inheritance in half," he said simply.
"But, Dad! Why? I'm entitled to it. It's mine."
"No, Alaina, it's mine, and it's my decision how I share it with my children. You've never proven yourself worthy. Nicolas has told me about your spending habits, Alaina, and to be honest, I don't like it."
"It's all because of her, isn't it? That bitch Sakura? You're giving my inheritance to her, is that it? How could you do that? You and Mom have raised her like your own child. Isn't that enough already? Now you're giving her half of my money? I won't stand for it. I'll take her to court if I have to!" she yelled, her face red with anger.
James lifted his palm and slapped her again. He felt his heart pounding hard and fast within his chest. Oh, God! He'd slapped his own daughter yet again. But how to discipline her? How? Especially when she was a grown adult.