
Sebastian Princeton, The Prince of Hearts

Sebastian Princeton wanted to kill his triplet siblings-Tristan and Logan-for making his life a living hell. First they invited themselves into his luxurious apartment in Manhattan. Though there were five large bedrooms, a fitness room, a modern kitchen, a cinema room, and a comfy lounge, he still thought it was a bit crowded, having gotten so used to living alone for the past five years with only the occasional visits from his parents and grandparents.
The first night, they brought in their friends and had a blast partying in the house, emptying his beloved cellar and fridge and destroying some of his precious paintings and photographs he'd bought from an unknown, talented artist he greatly admired. The second night, they refused to let him stay home to finish his work and dragged him out drinking until the early hours of the morning. Their argument was,"It's Saturday!" The third night, they told him to get packing because they were leaving for St. Joseph Island three days early for their cousin Mary's wedding to surprise the bride-to-be-and their mom and dad, of course.
Sebastian knew instantly it was that damn Tristan's idea, who only wanted to annoy the hell out of him, and naturally Logan went along.
Then Hayden arrived on his motorbike, crashing on Sebastian's king-size bed without an invitation, informing them he was now homeless and girlfriendless. His super-hot girlfriend had kicked him out after she'd seen him hugging another gorgeous guy and had wrongly assumed him to be gay and cheating on her. The guy, of course, turned out to be Darcy.
Tristan burst out laughing until his stomach hurt when Hayden explained that he'd been comforting Darcy by patting Darcy's shoulder-not hugging him-who'd had a really bad breakdown because his girlfriend dumped him for another guy. Then Darcy arrived-all wounded and heartbroken like a little pup-as Tristan kept telling everyone, including Darcy himself, who in fact didn't give a shit whether this new ex-girlfriend of his dumped him or not and was indeed very glad the stagnated relationship was over.
Tristan insisted they had no choice but to comfort Darcy by taking him out drinking until early dawn, which in due course led to a house full of men with hangovers the next morning accompanied by lots of moaning, groaning, and of course very colorful cursing from Darcy, who naturally wanted to also murder Tristan for his distasteful tricks. They all knew Darcy couldn't handle much alcohol, and they forced him to have shots after shots after shots.
By that evening, they were completely sober except for Darcy, who was still nursing his headache. Sebastian, on the other hand, had had enough and swore if this ever happened again, he'd murder his brothers for sure.
The next day, Sebastian was on a warpath once again. It was entirely their fault that he was now as wet and cold as a drowned kitten and his laptop stuffed up. If Tristan and Logan hadn't been fooling around near the railing on the lower deck of their two-million dollar, brand-spanking-new luxury yacht, trying to kill each other to get a peek at his new apartment plan, then he and his laptop wouldn't have gotten thrown off board into the ocean. Furthermore, if he wasn't such an excellent swimmer, since he'd been one of the best professional athlete swimmers during his late teens, he could have buried himself and his laptop deep under the ocean.
"I'm sure Hayden can fix it," Tristan said coolly, throwing him a dry towel.
Sebastian glared at his brother as the towel landed on his head, partially covering his handsome face and azure-blue eyes that were glinting with fire.
"Nope. Can't fix it," Hayden said matter-of-factly. "It's totally stuffed, bro. Better get a new one."
"Jesus! My work!" Sebastian muttered, looking heavenward as he pulled down the towel. "It's not the laptop! It's my work!" he growled.