
James took Brenda's hand into his and have it a gently, comforting squeeze. Brenda looked up at her husband then, tears brunt within her eyes. She gave him a weak smile. He nodded back.
Haruka noticed the subtle movement between husband and wife. She also noticed the tense atmosphere that was surround the room and the brothers' silence, as though what Conrad-san had said really hit a target. She wondered what was going on.
"Actually," Sosuke began. "She does have blue eye."
The tense atmosphere was lifted then and Hayden said, "Blue eye?" He cocked his head to one side.
"You said blue eye with a singular," Conrad put in.
"What?" Tristan couldn't help himself from asking. "Is she blind in one eye or something?"
Logan shook his head. "How unfortunate. And to think that you gazed at her like you did, Sosuke, as if she was an angel sent to you from heaven."
Sosuke grunted then, and both Logan and Tristan laughed.
"I'm sure she's not blind," Nicolas put in, frowning at his brothers to stop their nonsense teasing.
"She has one blue eyes and one gray eye," Sosuke said.
The brothers turned their full attention to Sosuke then, including Sebastian, who was interested. They were talking about that same woman who had bumped into him just moments before in the dark only moments ago, after all. He hadn't seen her face, and now wondered what she looked like.
"It's the oddest thing," Sosuke said. "I've never seen that color in anyone before." He cocked his head to one side. "The blue one is so blue, like the color of the sky in summer." He turned Sebastian then. "Actually, it looked very much like yours, Sebastian-san. The color of your eyes, an azure-blue."
The brothers turned to look at Sebastian then, who turned a bit pale in the face all of a sudden.
"And the other one?" Sebastian asked, his voice cold.
"The other?" Sosuke frowned. "Like I said, it's the oddest color, the likes I've never seen on any person before, except—"
"Except?" Nicolas prompted. He really couldn't help himself. He knew what all his brothers were thinking. Shit! He hoped their suspicion was right. He really hoped so. Then that would explain everything. Why they couldn't find her.
"Except," Sosuke said. "Darcy-san."
Sebastian felt his heart thumping hard within his chest. "What do you mean?"
Sosuke was confused by the tense stance and dark faces that all the brothers were wearing as they watched him, his friend Nicolas included. He chuckled and tried to make light of the situation. "Just like Darcy-san. One color of her eyes, it's exactly the same as Darcy-san, that moon like pale lavender color. I think it's like a mauve-grey?"
Sebastian felt his whole body shaking. Oh God! Could that really be her? Sakura? Shit! He had her within his clutch and he just let her go? Just like that?
"Where is she?" Conrad asked suddenly.
"She's working backstage!" Sebastian supplied and strode to the door.
Sosuke watched in confusion as all the other brothers followed Sebastian to the door, Nicolas included. He turned his attention to his aunt then and saw that she was also looking at him with confusion.
Though she gave the impression that she hadn't a clue what was going on, Haruka did notice something very odd. The husband and wife sitting opposite her looked rather anxious and relief at the same time. What was going on? Why was the talk of this pretty blonde hair woman brought forward such an intense reactions to his wealthy and kind family?