
Falling For Sakura

"You're beautiful," Beth said, chuckling. "I can't believe the brothers' ideas worked."
Sakura cocked her head to one side as she studied herself in the full-length mirror. Yes, it worked all right; she had to admit that. Her bridesmaid's dress was elegant. The light blue suited her skin perfectly. It was short and draped to one side of her waist, and from there, the lacy material extended over her left shoulder, falling down her back. Her hair was high on her head, enhancing her swanlike neck and oval face. Her makeup was natural, with a hint of rosy blush on her cheekbones and bright pink lipstick on her lips. Yes, she did look beautiful.
"Ah," Beth said. "I see you like the looks of yourself."
"I don't usually go this far." Sakura admitted.
"Now then, I must go and see how the bride is doing. Make sure she doesn't get cold feet and all that jazz," Beth said, heading out the door.
Sakura grinned. Alone, she turned to look at herself in the mirror one more time. She was Sakura Princeton. But was she really Sakura Princeton or was she Sakura something else?
Tanaka! The last name rang in her head. Her mother's name was Haruka Tanaka. At that moment, she knew without a doubt who she was. Yes, she'd been thinking about this since the day Kate made an appearance. She had been thinking about it long and hard, and now she was ready.
Mind made up, she left the room and went in search of James and Brenda. She found them in the study room, and thank God, none of the brothers were there to make her nervous about what she had to do.
She lightly knocked on the door and went in after James called out.
"Hi," she greeted them the moment she stepped into the large room.
James smiled at her as she came in. "Are you nervous?" he asked, noting how beautiful she looked. His sons were going to have the shock of their lives.
Sakura shook her head, telling him she wasn't at all nervous. She took a deep, steady breath and said quietly, "I was wondering if both of you have a moment."
James raised his brows at her, noting the odd tone in her soft voice and the slight expression of dread on her flawless face.
"What is it, sweetheart?" Brenda asked, watching her closely.
Sakura licked her lips, her heart pounding hard within her chest. "Mom?" She looked straight at Brenda, her body stiff.
"Yes, sweetheart?" Brenda queried.
"Dad." Sakura turned to James. "I have a question to ask."
"What is it?" James cocked his head to one side.
Sakura took a deep breath and said, "I'm asking your permission... I mean, I... I want to change my name. What I mean to say is that if I were to change my name, I mean my last name, from Princeton to something else, would that bother you? I mean, I don't want to hurt you or anything, but-"
She paused and licked her lips with nervousness.
"You're a grown woman now, Sakura. Whether your last name is Princeton or something else, you will always be our Sakura." As James said that, he had a sad look in his eyes. He knew what this meant. He knew she was leaving them. Of course, he had known all along this day would come sooner or later. After all, he couldn't very well stop her since she had her own life and her own future to think about.
"So you're not upset?" Sakura asked.