
"Swimming," he said. He was about to pull her forward when she snapped her hand back.
"No, I mean-I'm fine. I mean, erm-"
"Do you want to learn or not?" Sebastian asked from the distance.
Sakura blushed. Of course she did, but she didn't want to take lessons when there were so many of them around. After all, she didn't want to make an ass of herself in front of them.
"Of course I do," she said, walking toward them.
Conrad came running after her, and once he was by the edge of the pool, he did a good flip before diving in.
"Show off," Darcy said under his breath.
Sakura stood frozen by the pool, wondering if she should get in or not. They all seemed to be watching her. Even Nicolas, who had his tablet in front of him, was eyeing her from afar. Why were they watching her as if they were waiting for her to do something?
She took a deep breath and sat down on the edge of the pool, dipping her feet into the water. It was warm, and she sighed in relief. At least she wouldn't freeze to death.
She proceed to slide forward and then-
"Err," Tristan began from the other side. "You're not going to take off your robe?"
She stopped in time before the robe got wet. "Huh?" She looked down at herself and blushed again. Oh, God! How stupid of her.
She stood, then untied her robe. That was when she felt as though something wasn't right. She glanced up and saw all seven of them watching her. She blinked. She blushed. They looked away and pretended to be busy doing whatever they were pretending to be doing.
She took the opportunity and quickly slipped the robe off her body. She, however, wasn't fast enough at getting into the pool because the brothers were watching her again. There were a lot of gasps the moment the robe hit the floor.
Sakura was wearing a one-piece black-and-white swimsuit, fitting her body to perfection, showing off her slender legs and the shape of her small waist and gorgeous breasts. With her hair formed into a secured bun at the top of her head, she looked absolutely to die for.
Oh, the brothers had seen hot babes in swimsuits all right, but none of those hot babes were Sakura, and this one definitely hit the right spot.
The moment she realized they were watching her again, she quickly sat on the side of the pool and slid in. Only she was in such haste to be in the pool that she had forgotten she didn't know how to swim. She found herself sinking right to the bottom of the deep pool and couldn't get back up. She was fighting with all her might but just couldn't seem to get herself back to the surface.
There I go, she thought. She'd die drowning because she was embarrassed seven men were looking at her. How pathetic is that?
The brothers all sucked in their breath again, this time from fright because they knew she was drowning. Sebastian got to her in two seconds flat, his powerful arms propelling and pushing him to her. He dived deep to the bottom, wrapped one strong arm about the small of her back, hugged her to him, and pulled her up.
The moment she was lifted out of the water, Sakura sucked air into her starved lungs, and at the same time she swung her arms around Sebastian's neck, drawing herself against him.
"You okay?" he asked.
She was breathing heavily and managed to nod. She looked around behind her and saw the brothers still watching her. She blushed, totally embarrassed.