
Suddenly, she felt her heart skipped, and once again, the images of Sebastian and Darcy came into her mind.
"Am I doing the right thing?" she queried herself once again. "Am I hurting you both by running away from you yet again?"
She felt tears sting her eyes as she stood there, watching the cherry blossom falls.
"Sakura!" Jane called urgently.
Sakura blinked her tears away and turned to her friend. "What is it?"
"We're on the wrong floor," Jane said.
"Oh, are we?"
With Sakura's questioning look, Jane said, "I just rang the bell to that door?" She pointed to the one around the corner. "And damn, but the wonderful smell of baked cake come from that penthouse is to die for."
Sakura couldn't help but laugh loudly. "You and your cake. Did you happen to ask the owner you can have some?" she teased.
Jane pulled a face. "Of course not. Not especially with that stern look on that housekeeper's face. I tell you, Sakura, she looks like a powerful matronmarch. One you shouldn't disobey."
"So, where is Lady Suzuki's apartment?" Sakura asked.
"Down below," Jane said.
"Right, then let's go before we are actually going to be late." With that statement, she turned and headed to the door they had just came through.
Once again, they took lift down and found themselves facing another elegant foyer before coming to the number two apartment. Sakura rang the bell, and moments later, they were greeted by Sosuke who stood tall and imposing at the doorway.
Sakura licked her lips and said nervously, "I'm here to see Lady Suzuki?"
Sosuke gave Sakura a handsome smile that made Jane blinked in wonder and made her head spin just a little.
"You're Sakura," he stated, still grinning from ear to ear. "I'm so glad we've finally found you."
Sakura blinked. "I'm sorry?"
Sosuke realized his slip and said quickly, "Come on in." He glanced at Jane briefly and gave her one raised brow. "Jane, isn't it?"
Jane blushed because he was suddenly paying attention to her and nodded her head. "Yes, Jane Hamilton."
Sosuke opened the door wider and stood to one side, allowing the girls to enter. It was a few minutes later that Sakura and Jane found themselves in a very cozy, Japanese style living room. They were all sitting on the floor with soft mattresses to support their knees. Opposite her was Haruka. The woman was wearing one of her yukata and her dark hair was formed into a bun on her head. Beside her sat Akira, who was also wearing a yukata. She eyed Sakura with interest as the younger girl sat there nervously. Jane was behind Sakura and Sosuke was further to the left as he waited patiently for Sakura to start.
And she did, with a tremor in her voice. "I'm so sorry. It was an accident," she said. She took out the purple velvet box from within her hand bag and then gave it to Haruka.
Haruka stared long and hard at the box before her and then lifted her eyes to Sakura. She tried very hard to hold back tears. In her heart, she wanted to take the younger girl into her arms and simply hug her long and tight and never let her go. But she couldn't do that. Not yet. Not until she had the guts to reveal to Sakura the truth of who she was and what Sakura was in relation to her.