
Sebastian laughed and slapped his brother on the back. "That was a good race, Darcy."
Darcy chuckled and flicked his gaze to Sakura, his eyes intense and hot on her. Sakura met his stare and became nervous all of a sudden. The race had been an adventure to watch, but now that it had ended, she thought she had better run and hide before the brothers demanded she give the winner the promised prize.
She was about to act out her plan when Sebastian said, "Now the prize."
Darcy got up from his spot and, with a determined look, headed over to her. Sakura swallowed and felt a little exposed all of a sudden. As Darcy came closer to her, she flicked her gaze to Sebastian and then back to Darcy again. They looked serious about the kiss after all.
Darcy came to stand right in front of her, his strong, toned body dripping wet with water, which caused a delicious shiver down Sakura's spine. Her heart was racing and her stomach was fluttering. She was staring at his chest, at the beautiful tattoo of the cherry blossom flowers intertwining with the word SNOW residing on his left chest. She felt her whole body tremble with emotions at the sight. Darcy loved her that much to have branded her name on his chest where his heart resided? The realization made her weak, and she inhaled a shaking breath. Slowly, she lifted her hand and gently caressed the tattoo, his wet skin, with her fingertips, stroking the lines of cherry blossom and the word SNOW.
Darcy sucked in his breath as Sakura stroked him. She was making him weak, enticing him and awakening his desire. It was a moment that bounded them close together. Slowly, he brought his hand up and rest it gently on the side of her face, his fingers intimately entwining with her wet hair. He shut his eyes for a moment, inhaling her sweet scent. When he opened them again, he saw her watching him. The look in her eyes, bright and curious and ready for him to take her, brought Darcy down to his knees. She was enchanting.
Sakura licked her lips as Darcy leaned down. Then she closed her eyes, waiting for him to kiss her, to claim his prize. She was completely and utterly tense as she felt him moving his face toward her and felt his warm breath against her sensitive skin. When she opened her eyes again, he was watching her and their lips were nearly touching, ready for the kiss.
Darcy stayed there for a moment, as if he was prolonging the inevitable. Then suddenly, he moved back and abruptly released Sakura from his clutches. Without an explanation, he turned on his heel and marched toward the door, passing Sebastian who looked a little confused at the brother's odd action.
Sakura blinked, and suddenly felt like her heart had just been broken. Perhaps-just perhaps Darcy no longer loved and wanted her?
* * * * *
Don't forget to vote and share Falling For Sakura A Secret Proposal with your friends and followers ^_^
