
Woof! Woof! Woof!
Conrad staggered back as he stared wide at the little dog jumping around his feet with excitement. When the shock finally receded, the man bent down to his knees and gathered the pup into his arms.
"Toby?"
'Woof!' Was the reply.
Conrad couldn't help himself. He laughed and squeezed the white, furry canine in his arms. "Toby, how the hell did you get here?"
Another bark came as a reply.
"Conrad, what are you doing there?" Logan called out from the house. He even sported a suspicious look on his face.
Conrad turned and shouted, "It's Toby! I found him."
"Don't shit with me, Conrad!" The brother swore loudly.
"Jesus, man, I'm not shitting with you. It really is Toby," Conrad yelled back. To Toby he said, "See? They don't believe me. Well, let's show them. See who's the one going crazy now! Let's go, Toby." At Toby's bark of agreement, Conrad turned on his heel and headed back across the garden to the house.
The moment Logan saw Toby at the door, he stared at the dog in shocked surprise and nearly spilt his coffee. Beth, who was carrying two plates of sandwiches, froze in her spot. The sight of the little beast was too much for her to bear that she sent the plates and food crashing to the floor.
"Shit! It really is Toby!" Logan shouted.
Across the room, Tristan and Hayden came rushing over, perplexed at the sight of the beloved little beast. Toby barked excitedly at the men, pleased that he was the center of their attention once again.
Logan stroked the dog and uttered, "But, hell, how? I mean..."
Conrad couldn't find an answer as to how either, but he was just happy that they finally get to see Toby once again.
Beth finally got her act together. With legs shaking, she came to Toby and gave the dog a pet. "Oh, it really Toby. Oh God!" Then tears started brewing in her eyes.
"What about Sakura?" Tristan asked no one in particular.
"Well," Hayden said, cocking his head to one side as he gazed at the dog close range. "Toby can't have gotten here by himself. Sakura will have to be close by." Because his face was only inch from the dog, Toby licked him in the nose and the man laughed. "Where's your master, buddy? Why don't you bring her to us?"
Toby barked excitedly again, in agreement, of course.
"Oh, thank God you found him," came the female voice at the door.
The brothers turned to see Akira standing there, looking as flushed and as beautiful as ever. Beside her, looking pissed and stony, was Nicolas.
Akira rushed into the living area and begged for the dog back. Conrad backed away and asked in outrage, "Toby is with you?" There was a note of an accusation in his voice that Akira didn't miss.
Akira blinked, confused as to why Conrad looked as though he didn't want her to touch the dog, as though she was some kind of villain, here to take the dog away for execution.
"Well of course he is." She sighed indignantly and continued, "Don't tell me you think I've stolen him like Nicolas did!" She folded her arms across her chest and snapped, "Well, I didn't. Like I said, I'm looking after him for a friend."
At this, Logan and Tristan looked at each, confused. Logan asked, "Friend?"