
"What do you mean?" Mary raised her brows.
"What he means is," Darcy said from where he stood near the window, his eyes fixed on the countless cherry trees outside, "why get married here in spring?"
"Yeah, why here and why spring?" Hayden asked, curious. "Don't all you girls want to get married in summer when the weather is perfect?"
Mary chuckled. "I asked myself those questions many times, too. Why here on St. Joseph Island. Why in spring?" She turned to look at her cousins who were waiting for her answers. "I suppose I have to blame it on my dear friend. She's the one who started it off when we were in high school. Always going on about how beautiful it is here in spring. Then when I saw it a couple of years ago, I knew I just had to get married here in spring."
"I see what you mean," Darcy said. Because at that moment he had his back to everyone, they didn't see his face soften with understanding, nor did they see the slight smile on his lips and the peaceful look in his eyes as he gazed at the clouds of cherry trees outside. Yes, he loved them, for they brought forward a sense of joy that he desperately needed. The beautiful sight and exotic scent reminded him of something lovely, something wonderful, something warm, yet something painful as well. For the life of him, however, he could not think of what, when, why, or how. Though he knew it was right here on St. Joseph Island.
"Mom?" Conrad suddenly called to his mother. "Do you know who lives in that cottage down the road?"
The moment he said that, his brothers turned their undivided attention to their mother.
Brenda cocked her head to one side at the sudden interest from her sons. "Down the road? You mean the cottage?"
"Hmm." Conrad nodded.
"Ned Faber," James said.
"You mean Beth's younger brother?" Sebastian asked after taking a sip of his bland coffee.
"Yes," Brenda said. "He lives there. Why do you want to know?"
Conrad laughed uneasily. "No reason." He returned to his coffee. So did his brothers when they realized their parents were looking at them oddly.