
Sakura's heart skipped a beat. Oh, God! She knew these women too well to be ignorant of what they were implying. Without delay, she braced herself by lifting her skirt up and rushed out the door as quickly as possible.
"Where do you think you're going, Silly Sally?" Tara shouted. "We're going to help you with that dress."
Sakura wasn't listening. Oh, she knew they were going to ruin her dress all right, and there's no way she'd let them do that. Not this time. Not Mary's choice of dress.
She raced across the corridor and then toward the back stairs that no one ever used except for her and the maids. At the same time, she held tightly onto her dress, afraid it might fall off her person. Even worse, though, she might topple on the long skirt, fall down the stairs, and break her slender neck.
She gathered up the thick, long material of the skirt and hugged it against her chest as she raced. Oh, dear God! She could hear them coming after her, laughing merrily like they used to when they were children. God! She couldn't believe they hadn't changed. Not one bit.
"You're still running the same old route, my dear Silly Sally," Alaina shouted after her from the top of the stairs. Tara giggled as if she were really thrilled at the thought of chasing and hunting down Sakura.
Sakura wasn't thrilled, however, and felt that fear again like she'd always felt when Tara and Alaina were harassing her. Oh, God! What was she going to do? She couldn't possibly run into the drawing room and accuse Tara and Alaina of wanting to hurt her in front of everyone, especially now that they were all grown up.
She finally opened a door and found herself in the large indoor pool area on the ground floor. No one was there, and she decided the two women wouldn't find her here.
She hastily closed the door and collapsed against it, breathing heavily, relief sweeping through her body.
Her relief, however, was short lived when she heard both Tara's and Alaina's laughter not too far away, and only moments later the door was thrust open from the other side, throwing her off balance.
"Aw," Alaina began the moment she saw Sakura, who was looking at them with fear in her eyes. "You ran to hide in the wrong room."
"What do you want?" Sakura asked, her voice quivering.
Tara shrugged her shoulders. "Just want to help out, dear sister. After all, that dress is awfully pretty on you."
Sakura couldn't help herself and decided she had enough of this stupid harassment. She wasn't going to run any longer and stood her ground.
"You know what?" she said, her voice stronger now as she stood there, her head held high and her whole body stiff and tense. "I never said this to you before, but you two are bitches. So if you want to beat me, there you go. I'm right here. But don't expect me to just stand here and allow you to beat me senseless like before."
Tara cocked her head to one side. "Oh, we know you've grown up, Silly Sally. We know you've grown your broken wings."
"And we also know you'll never tell anyone about how we treated you," Alaina said. "Because it's just you, dear sister."
Sakura gritted her teeth. Her heart was pounding hard as she glared at them, her hand fisted tight.
"I think that's enough talking," Tara said. She stalked forward and pulled Sakura by the arm. Because Sakura was smaller, she couldn't really offer much resistance and found herself being dragged along. Alaina helped by pulling at her gown, ripping out the beautiful, expensive material from her shoulders.