
Her innocent action was so erotic that the brothers were actually panting, and their bodies were heating up knowingly.
Mary, with her head still down and jotting notes, finally asked the youngest brother, "And you, Conrad?"
"Sakura," he said softly. "I like Sakura. I want Sakura."
All the brothers felt the same way and couldn't help but look at her like little pups who wanted to be petted.
"No," Mary said, jotting down notes furiously. "You can't have Sakura. Sakura is not on the menu. It's a Japanese flower and you can't eat it anyway."
Sakura blinked and turned to look at Conrad. "Are you okay?" she asked.
Conrad blinked. "Err, yes." He chuckled uncomfortably.
Nicolas was the first to regain his wit and coughed loudly to distract his other brothers from the trance. Sebastian managed to get himself out too and cleared his throat. "So chocolate it is, then, Mary?" he said.
"Yes, it is," Mary replied, finally looking up and giving them a big smile. "Thanks so much for your help, guys. Now then, off to the florist we go."
"I'm no good with flowers," Sebastian said, feeling rather awkward all of a sudden.
There was something in his voice that Sakura noted that didn't quite sit well within her. Actually, all the brothers were acting a bit weird all of a sudden. What was wrong with them?
"I'm going to wait out at the beach. Come get me when you're done," he said, heading to the door.
"Me, too." Nicolas chuckled. "Not good with flowers." Then he headed after Sebastian. They both walked out the door side by side.
"Flowers aren't my thing either," Darcy said, frowning darkly. He gave Sakura a quick glance and then walked out the door. Sakura noticed him looking at her. She thought there was something in his eyes-something secretive and almost painful.
"I'm good with flowers," Tristan said happily.
"That's because you sent too many of them to your women," Logan teased. "Come on, we better leave the ladies to this." And he practically dragged Tristan out the door.
Hayden shook his head. "This turned out to be no fun and game. If I keep going, I'm going to fall really hard," he said, and before leaving the shop, he dragged Conrad out with him by hooking his arms around his little brother's neck. "Let's go join our bros," he said. "Come get us when you're done and ready for that lunch." Then they were out the door as Conrad protested wholeheartedly.
Sakura cocked her head to one side, wondering what the heck was wrong with them.
"Boys," Mary said. "They run away when they lose interest."