
Akira hissed. "You're a mean baka! I feel sorry for Sakura she has to put up with you." With that, she held her head high and marched toward the door.
She didn't get very far though. Nicolas caught her by the wrist and pulled her back to him.
Tristan and Logan, who were at the corridor, heard Akira's accusation to Nicolas. Curious, they both turned just in time to see Nicolas pulling Akira into his arms and slamming the door shut. The brothers looked at each other and then chuckled.
Tristan tucked his hands into the pocket of his jeans and said, "About time that old fart get himself a girlfriend."
Logan agreed with a chuckle and a node of his head.
At the elevator, Sakura found herself surrounded by six gorgeous Princeton brothers in a very confined space. Now she wondered if it had been a better idea to climb the stairs instead. But of course she hadn't been thinking properly. Sebastian, who had been walking a head of her, had been holding onto her hand tightly. It hadn't helped either with Darcy beside her with his grasped around her other wrist, his hand firm yet gentle. It was as though they were afraid she'd run off again.
Hayden was facing her now, his back to the elevator door when he said, "You look like you're going to faint again, Sakura."
At this comment, the brothers turned their attentions to her. She blushed and said, "It's a bit tight in here, and I don't like small spaces very much."
"We should have taken the stairs," Darcy said, touching the back of his hand against her forehead. "You're a bit feverish."
"I'm fine," Sakura said. She glanced at the brothers, one by one, to convince them. "Really. Just tired. That's all."
"A friend of mine is a doctor," Sebastian said. "I'll give him a call and see if you could see him on Monday."
"That's sound good, Seb," Logan said. "Ah, it's too bad I can't accompany you, Sakura."
Sebastian said quickly, "Like I said, I'm taking her."
The brothers nodded. They all knew Sebastian would take good care of Sakura.
Sakura glanced up at Sebastian, her eyes large as she gaze up at him. She didn't like the fact that he actually have to accompany her to see a doctor. She wasn't that helpless. After all, she had been able to look after herself for the past years without their help. "I can go by myself. Just give me the address of the clinic and the name of the doctor."
Tristan was quick to intervene. "If you don't want Sebastian to take you, Sakura darling," he said sweetly. "I'll only be happy to." He gave her a dashing smile and a wink.
Sebastian gave him a good glare. Darcy scowled at him. Hayden looked heavenward, and Logan laughed. Conrad was too busy mucking about with Toby to notice what his brothers were talking about.
Tristan said under his breath, "Or not. Touché!"
At the penthouse, the moment Sakura saw her adopted parents at the threshold of the door, her knees weakened with emotions. Daddy James rushed up and grabbed her into his arms, squeezing her so tight that she became breathless and laughed, begging him to let her go. Mom Brenda joined in as well, pulling her adopted daughter into her arms and kissing her cheeks and forehead until Sakura, again, begged her to stop.
Though Brenda did stop kissing Sakura, she wouldn't let the girl go, however. She clutched Sakura in her embrace as if she was afraid she'd lose Sakura again. She laughed and said, "Oh, Sakura, we've missed you." Which was of course an understatement.