
Chapter One
It was around twelve at night and i was still up. Sighing i banged my head against my desk. I had four cups of tea and two cups of hot chocolate. I huffed and pushed my chair away and walked over my closet. Grabbing a pair of grey Toms i snatched a scarf and made my way out of my apartment. Music met me as i closed the door and locked it. Chewing on my bottom lip i tried to sneek past toni's only to run smack into someone else's chest. Crap. Looking up i rolled my eyes at the sleazy smirk that strectched his face.
"Hi Tony haven't seen you around in a while." He shrugged his shoulders and continued blocking my path to the front door.
"Yeah i thought you were avoiding me for a few weeks." If only he knew. The last thing i needed was having a womanizer following my every move. Sighing i put on a fake smile, brushed my platinum blonde hair to the side.
"Oh no my shifts have changed so i have to get up eaarlier then i use to." slowly i moved past him. Considering he was a bit drunk made it easier for me. He gave me a lazy smile and i sped walked out of the building as fast as i could. The minute i stepped outside the frigid winter air met my cheeks turning them rosy red as well as my button nose. I blew into my hands trying to get the circulation back into my fingertips. I skirted around a patch of ice and snow only to slip in one a few seconds later. On instict i let out a yelp and quickly threw out my hands to catch myself. However, the impact never came. I felt hands close in around my waist and i was being pulled up. Craning my neck around i was met with bright blue eyes. My breathing hitched and the whole world seemed to stop. The stranger smiled at me. His eyes danced with amusement as well as joy. I smiled back as i regained my balance and brushed my hair back from my face.
"Well that was embarrassing. Thanks for catching me though." i said with a tiny smile. He shrugged as if it was nothing and he's done it before.
"No problem babe. What are you doing out on christmas eve though especially alone?" He asked softly. I rubbed the back of my neck and met his eyes once again.
" I was studying for exams but i came to the point where i cant take anything in let alone remeber anything." He chuckled as he held his arm out for me to take. I felt the heat rise to my cheeks and was thankful it was below 20 degrees right then.
"What about you? why are you out at midnight?" It was his turn to answer my questions.
"My friends were throwing me a birthday party and i didnt know half the people there so figuered i could slip out and enjoy myself more out here."
"Ahh i see." I murured.
"Atleast they had good intentions right?" i asked. He snorted
"yeah i guess so."
"Happy birthday?" i asked with a smirk. He glanced down at me out of the cornor of his eye. He smiled and nodded his head.
"Im Giselle by the way." i said as we walked down the street.
"Louis."
"Well its nice to meet you Louis."
"Same."  We walked on in a comfortable silence. Every now and then complimenting on the christmas lighs that were strung up. I dont know how long we walked around and got to know each other but i felt that time flew by and i wanted to just stay with him. But looking down at my watch i noticed i had three hours before i was due to my first class. Frowning i turned and locked eyes with him.
"I better get going i have class in a few hours."
"You have school on christmas?" He asked in bewilderment. Laughing i nodded
"Crazy i know. but hey maybe we can meet up later tonight or tomorrow." i called out over my shoulder. Already making my way over to my apartment.
"your not going to let me walk you home?"
"Nah i trust you and all but i dont need a stalker throwing pebbles at my window late at night." His laugh echoed off the buildings.
"To bad most girls would love that."
"Im not like most girls." i shouted right before i turned the bend leaving him behind, but not without a final wave. As well as the hope of meeting him later tonight.
Please vote and comment. I love to talk really.