
Tania was going to come over, but I sighed.
"Fine but I don't want these two any where near me." I scowled as I narrowed my eyes at Sam and Will.
"Justin."
"Don't 'Justin' me Sam. You've might of been my mothers sister but that does not mean I have to give you any respect or anything. I do not ever want you guys near me, to speak to me, or to see me. Also leave my friends alone. I consider them as family more than I do to you two."
Will looked upset, but Sam sighed and hold him back.
"Let him be. He's angry with us and we do deserve it."
"He doesn't even know the whole story!"
"He doesn't have to! Let. Him. Be. He will learn soon enough." They whispered to one another.
"You two are terrible whisperers and I don't give a crap what happened for right now. Tania, Thalia, why don't we go check on my family and Jaycie's. We've got to tell them." I said.
"We will come with." Zach said as he kind of looked uncomfortable. You know now that I noticed he had his hood on.
"Why do you have your hood on?" I asked him.
He didn't answer as he was trying to reach over here. Someone tried to take his hood off, but he grabbed the hand flipped them and had his mouth guard up with his hood covering his eyes.
"You don't want to mess with him." Ken said.
"You shouldn't do it. You'll be shocked along with her." He said pointing to the girl that was the first one in here.
"You sound familiar." They said at the same time.
"Don't. I can't do it and I will not. You two will hate me so do not do it. I mean it May, don't take my hood off."
"I know that voice. The hood... Is that you, Zachary, please tell me it is." May said.
"Justin, Thalia, Tania and Skull go with Ken some where right now. I have to do something real quick." He said as he started to go upstairs, May and the guy started to go after him as we followed suit and ran out the door. Ken and Skull kept them busy.
"Run fast! Run fast!" Thalia said.
"You two have the ability to run faster than a car! I would have to shift!" I said as we ran quickly.
"THAN SHIFT JUSTIN!" They both yelled.
"Okay, okay!" I yelled back as I ran a little bit ahead trying to go ahead. I haven't shifted for a while so this may feel weird... I jumped automatically and shifted. I did feel weird, but I felt free as well. My wolf felt better and howled in me. He barked at me to pay attention. I did just that seeing as they kept up.
"Justin, your clothes just disappeared. I thought they would tear..." Thalia said.
I shook my head and linked to her that I would tell her later.
'Let's go you two. We need to tell her family. The more help means the better chance we will find them.' I linked and they both nodded at me as we ran off to my pack house.