
*1 hour after*
We all jotted down notes before class ended we had finished and I heard the whispers all about me. It was certainly pissing me off. I turned and glared.
"Can you people not talk about me?" I said turning back around.
"Hey Jay. How's everything?" Thalia asked in a soothing voice so that I could calm down as she smiled at me.
"It'll be OK soon." I said to her with a grateful smile.
"If you need any help catching up we can help you." Justin said.
"Thanks Justin." I said with a content smile.
We started to talk about other things. I was happy to see and talk to them again.
"What's making you so happy? Also are, are you smiling?" Paul, my brother, said as he was now in my class.
He looked really happy as well as surprised.
"It feels good to smile and laugh. It feels like it's been forever." I said.
"I'm so glad you are... I can't believe it actually. Get over here you three." Paul said.
I groaned.
"Do I have to get up?"
"Do you want a hug?" He countered.
I know if I don't give him one now it'll probably get worst, so I got Justin to help me up. Then we walked to the door and he gave us three a hug. Justin probably felt awkward and forced into the hug, but Thalia just smiled.
We just went back to our seats when Mrs. Mattias saw my brother.
"Paul? What are you doing here?" She asked.
"I was just checking up on my sister. My dad wants me to check in on her every so often especially during class. You got a trouble maker." Paul said and I just face-palmed myself.
"And, who is this 'trouble maker'?" She asked.
"Well, of course, Jaycie Everheart!" He said.
"I think it should be the other way around. Jaycie be sure to watch your brother because he's the true trouble maker." The class and I started to laugh after that and my brother rolled his eyes.
"Ha ha Mrs. Mattias. That was a great joke. You know I'm your favorite student. Also this is from Mr. Mattias. He told me to give it to you." Paul said handing her the paper.
As soon as she got it the bell rang and she excused us.
"What class do you have now?" Justin asked.
"Dunno. Let me check." I mumbled.
I got my schedule out and read all my classes so that I know who I have.
Language Arts 10
Mattias, Dana
Room 102
Biology
Mattias, Axel
Room 106
Advanced Band
Sharp, Peter
Room 116
Geometry
Artemis, Diane
Room 103
Physical Education