
"Is there anything you wanted to ask before we continue?" Detective Beckett asked.
"Two things actually. First thing, what are you doing here at Talon's?" She asked.
"He was there when you were kidnapped so I thought I'd ask him about that."
"Wait, I didn't tell you that, did I?" She asked then recognition hit her face. "Wait, you were listening as Chase asked me I forgot. How did you know it was this Talon though?"
"I didn't, but I guessed it might have been someone who had a record somewhat like yours and also someone from your school."
"Oh ok." She replied. "Then my second thing is to Talon and Link."
"Yeah?" We asked.
"That's so weird." She said looking at us with a look. "Also I was wondering if you can help me with some things after."
"Sure, of course Jaycie." We replied getting a different face.
"Stawhp! You two know how I think it is creepy! Also thank you." Jaycie said.
Link and I started to laugh at her as she made the face and nodded at her when we finished.
"I swear you two creep me out at times."
'You two feeling better?' Tania asked through a mind connection.
'Yeah, we were just trying to block some memories out.' Link replied for me.
I wiped her tears and I had already wiped my own. I smiled at her and then I got a text. I took my phone out. Looking at the text I saw it was from Daniel. He was an adult I knew. He said that he had a part for my motorcycle that I had requested. Link saw it and smiled.
"Finally! It's in! Yay!" Link rejoyced and I smiled and nodded.
"What is?" Dad asked.
"My part for the motorcycle. I'll be able to drive it soon, but like you said I had to fix it up. So, I am." I replied.
My mom looked at my dad and her mouth was agape.
"I thought we've been through this. He does NOT get a motorcycle." Mom said.
"You said he doesn't get a NEW motorcycle. You didn't say A motorcycle. Plus, it's been his dream to have one of his own. Let him have my old one Shela. He promises to be safe. You know he'll be safe. Plus he'll get a permit and a liscense soon." Dad said waving it off.
"Come on, Mom! I've worked so hard on the bike and all I need to do is put that last part in! Please Mom!" I begged.
"We'll talk about this later, because I am pretty sure that Detective Beckett has a life besides being around us." My mother said.
"It's fine. I think I can finish this later. I have someone to go meet right now." She said while she looks at her wrist watch.
"Oh my! I'm sorry! I hope you aren't late. Also, come back anytime! You are more then welcomed here at the house whenever! Also, thank you again for saving my son." My mom rambled to her as she led her out.
Dammit, Mom! Jaycie, Link, and just about everyone looked at me. I got up and stretched.
"Oh look at the time! I better start heading to the auto shop! They're going to close in ten minutes!" I was completely lying, but I rushed for the back door for Link to block my way.
"Save you? Save you from what?" Link demanded.
"What? Who needed saving?" I asked as I was trying to get out of this situation. I looked for another way but I saw Thalia come in putting her keys away.