
"Jaycie, baby.  Are you alright?  He didn't hurt you did he?"  My mom asked me as she undid the tape on my lips.  She hugged me as I cried on her shoulder.
"I missed you so much Mommy.  I thought they killed you in front of me."  I cried as I wrapped my arms around her as she unbinds the ropes.
"It's okay sweetie, I'm safe.  I'm right here baby.  No one could take me away from you like that.  It's going to be okay Jay-Jay.  I'll get you home soon baby.  I promise."  She said hugging onto me as I continued to cry. "Where is your brother and your father?"
"I don't know."  I said.  "The last time I saw them was at home.  I was with Talon and Morse at the diner until Chase tried getting us to somewhere safe."
"Where are Talon, Morse, and Chase?"  She asked me
"I don't know.  He took me somewhere else from the others.  Mom..."
"Shhhh.  It's okay.  I know you.  It's okay baby.  We will get them out."
"Enough.  I am done with this.  The only thing that will be going on is that you are going to go back while he checks whether she is it."  He said grabbing my mom.
"No!  Mom!"  I said as I tried to stop him only someone grabbed onto me.
"Jaycie!"  She said.
We had held hands as tight as we could trying to stay together only they separated us easily.  I kept screaming for my mom.  I heard the others yelling out my name as I kept screaming for Mom.  My captor sat me down with another man holding me and another holding my legs as they tied me down.  The door shutting on my mom as she yelled things to reassure me that everything will be okay in the long run.  I was scared though.  I have never seen this man and it was scary as others hadn't remembered him or wanted to as they were all afraid.
Another door opened as soon as they were done binding my arms and legs.  I looked around as they all left.  I wasn't really liking this.  Then someone came in the light.  They looked perfectly normal but I kept my guard up.  I sniffled as they got closer.  They looked my way and I saw that they had golden eyes.  They came over and touched my hand.  I flinched but his hand gently caught my hand as his eyes captured my own.
"It's okay, Jaycie. Everything will be fine."  He said in a soothing voice.
My wolf was calm.  This was unusual for me as she told me to stay calm.  She also told me to listen to him.  I slowly nodded at him.
"Do you know who I am young one?"  He asked me.
I shook my head no.  His eyes gleamed as he smiled at me.
"That's okay, I am Walter James.  I am the wizard and seer that fore sought the future of you saving the world.  You are the young one that brought peace."  He said.
I was confused.
"I can't be that.  I can't be the person that you saw saving the world."  I said.
"Sweetheart I know it is you.  I knew that the one would be from your mother and fathers lineage.  You just have to hide that it wasn't only you.  You are the night.  It is like yin and yang.  You cannot have one hold the a great amount of power.  You may be night but you have many good qualities that show more often than the bad.  Your other half is here and has been here for years.  She will show once you and your friends leave.  She will have the courage to leave herself.  She will meet you at your pack house.  You must tell your pack that she is good.  You must show them her good side as they have only seen the bad."