
She nodded bitting her lower lip. I just stared at her. The feelings has grown within one day. They feel so much stronger after the time I hadn't seen her. All I can do is remember her laugh and have the urge to hug her and make her laugh that gorgeous laugh once more. I bit my lip. Looking away I straightened my posture and stopped bitting my lip.
"Brody take Chase, I'll take-" Again there was an interruption.
"Brody and Mack! Chief needs you two. Also you two are coming with us along with the others that had fought. We'll be asking you all questions." A female detective said.
"What? Why?" Jaycie said. "I just got back to school today. I have a lot of catching up."
"Catching up will have to be on hold. We are taking you all in now." She said.
"You can't do that." Mr. Everheart said.
"I can and I don't think you should question it Officer Everheart. Come on you two lets take you in so that it'd be over sooner." She said.
"What's your name?" Mom asked. That isn't the best thing either.
"Beckett, Amber Beckett." Detective Beckett said.
I had glared at my mom meaning for her to not do anything stupid. We all followed Detective Beckett to a few cars. Justin had came in the same car as Jaycie and I while Morse, Lakyn, and Chasten got in the other. Just before we got in though Lakyn spoke up.
"So I'll see you guys in the next life, because once this is over my sister and mother and other people are going to fucking slaughter me."
"I think this all goes to everyone Lakyn." Morse said.
"It might not for Chase." Chasten said.
"Trust me when I say I know people who will bite my fucking ass off and lets say another will laugh as he watches me be slaughtered in front of them. They'd pay front row seats if they had to." I answered honestly.
General Esperon would fucking love that.
__________________________
*Greg's POV*
My way to the office hadn't been eventful. The talk inside of it was though.
"Wait are you saying I don't really have to like them or anything I still have to have a treaty just because of one of my pack members has a mate from that pack?" I asked my dad.
"Not exactly. You don't have to if you think they are a threat. I don't think they are though. They've had been nothing but a peaceful pack never passing our territory, never causing any trouble or war in school or outside of school." Dad answered.
It was all true and I knew it. The pack members in their pack that came to school never caused trouble or asked for it. They eat by themselves though. I think I'll change that by tomorrow. Maybe I can get others in my pack to do it as well.
"Agreed. I'll make a new treaty with them." I answered.
That's when there was a series of knocking on my fathers door and sirens. I answered it seeing Mom.
"There's a problem." She automatically said and my Dad jumped up and we all left the office.
My father and I gaped at the scene and I saw that Jaycie, Chasten, Morse, Lakyn, Chase, and Justin were getting into some cars. I jogged over and stopped the car that had Morse in it.
"Wow wow wow. Where do you think your taking my brother?" I asked him.