
Chapter 15
*Jaycie's POV*
Sleep is one of my best friends. I hate not being with sleep. Especially when I wake up early. Which of course I woke up twice, but I went back to sleep both times. Only this time someone was waking me up.
"Hey, Jaycie. You got to wake-up." I heard a masculine voice say.
"5 minutes Daddy." I mumble as I turn in bed and try to go to sleep.
I heard a deep chuckle as I was lightly shaken.
"It's time to wake up. Also, it's Chase not Daddy." I can hear the smirk in his voice, but wait... Did he just say it was Chase?
I opened my eyes widely getting up quickly to only almost fall off the bed. I held my breath as I put my arms out to only be caught. I was caught? They pulled me up and I was in Chase's arms and he looked worried.
"Are you okay? Did you get hurt?" He asked.
"I'm fine... How did I get here, because I swear I was..." That's when all the moments of yesterday popped in my head. "Oh, heh... Never mind."
He had a smirk on his face most likely because I was turning red.
"So.... How do I get ready?" I asked when I looked away.
He chuckled.
"Tania is a sneaky person you know? She packed your bag while you dressed and she left a note. She told me herself. But you better get ready. They want to get some breakfast." He said and helped me up.
"Alright." I said and he handed me the note and I went to the bathroom and hoped, hoped it wasn't another dress. My hope was lost when I found the note and the dress. I frowned.
'Either you put this on or some of Chase's clothes. ;) -Tania'
I groaned. She did this on purpose! I get in the shower and take a ten minute shower and dry off with the towel I found in my bag. Drying off I put the towel around my body when I finish. I pull out the dress and see some leggings and flats. The other black flats. She had gotten me the white dress with black lace. The only thing was that it was strapless. I begged that there was a jacket to cover the scars and all. When I saw the black silky jacket I was really happy. I saw it was the one that went just below my chest. It fit and it looked real nice with the dress when I first tried it on at the mall.
Before I put my clothes on I dried my hair with my blowdryer that she packed me. I finished drying my thick hair within twenty minutes most likely since I had long hair. I look at the dress reluctantly, but I get my bra and matching underwear. I put the leggings on that also covered my feet. I put the dress on and then the jacket.
I brushed my teeth and then brushed my hair into what I wanted my part to be than put my flats on. I heard a knock as I put my other flat on.
"Jaycie, let me in." Tania said.
"Why? Aren't you torturing me enough?" I asked.
"Jaycie now." She said while finally just opening the door since I didn't lock it. "Why didn't you lock the door? Did you want Chase to jump you?"
"Tania!" I yelled along with Chase and Skull as they heard as well. All she did was bust out laughing.
"Tania behave and be nice to Jaycie and Chase!" Skull said. "They cooperated just fine. You said you'd-."
"I said I'd try! I didn't say it wouldn't slip!" She yelled with a big grin.
I pouted.
"Go away. You're being mean."