
Smith, Nathan
Room 220
Spanish 1
Martin, Ana
Room 113
World History
Canon, Jacob
Room 218
I just stared at the room number of my Advanced Bands room. I frowned at it the whole time. Until I felt a hand on my shoulder. I turned to see all of them smiling sadly at me. I looked down and away all of a sudden wanting to go curl up in a ball.
"Don't worry, Jay. I'll be in that class with you. We can make it through the year together. I promise I'll be there for you whenever in that class alright?" Tania said as she popped out of nowhere.
I sighed with a nod as I stayed looking away as my arms felt limp. I practically dragged myself to my locker and put my Language Arts book in there since it was so heavy. I didn't even have the strength to put it on the shelf. I actually didn't think I had any energy at all though. I actually do feel pretty weak. Now that I hear my wolf yapping, it's probably because of my dehydration.
Yeah I think it's to late with my head having a migraine. I took my water out and started to drink it along with taking Advil.
"What are you doing with Advil? I thought you weren't allowed to have any medication at the school with out the nurse knowing?" Morse said as he also popped out of no where.
"Can you all pop in where and when I can actually see you? Also the nurse knows I have it. My dad told her I'd be coming to school with it. Although he was kind of moody after the phone call. I don't know why though." I said as I stuck the Advil back in my bag and continued to drink water.
"I think he was moody because she pissed him off by saying no." Morse said with a shrug.
"Maybe, but I don't care right now." I said with a shrug.
I see that my brother left as I shut my locker door. We just talk as we go up to drop our stuff off. It's just me and Morse in Mr. Mattias' Biology class during 2nd period.
"Hey! Look who's back!" An older man said. "Morse how was your weekend and who is this?"
"Hey Mr. Mattias! This here is Jaycie."
"Oh so your the student that has been MIA. It's nice to finally meet you, Jaycie." Mr. Mattias says as he smiles at me.
I smile in return and shake his hand that he offered.
"It's nice to meet you to sir. My brother has told me about you. He says that this is his favorite science class ever." I sucked up, but the whole time I was telling the truth.
"Who's your brother?"
"Paul Everheart is my brother." I said with a smile. "Also thank you for letting him check on me."
"Of course! He's an A student in my class and one of the best students I have in my first period." He said with a smile.
*****
After all the science I had to go to my next class that I didn't want to go to. I stopped at the entrance not wanting to go inside.
"Who's this?" Someone asked along with someone following him.
"Don't know sir. She might be the girl that's been gone for a very long time. It says that she's present today." The girl says as she looks at her iPad.