
"Your an asshole." Greg said.
"You decided to go have a wrestling match." I answered while pointing at him. I had a smirk on my face when he was tying to think of something.
"You started it." He said childishly.
I stuck my tongue out at him. If he wanted to be childish I'll be childish right back. He rolled his eyes at me which made me laugh.
"Your both childish." A sweet angelic voice said with a beautiful light laugh.
"I'll be childish all I want if he wasnts to be childish as well." I said only now looking up into the perfectly bright cheery violet eyes.
I looked at the girl. She had long brunette hair with highlights from dark blue to dark purple. She also had bangs swept to the side that looked amazing. Her soft, electric violet eyes were aglow and her hair brought out the brightness in her eyes. Her tan skin had a happy glow too. My goodness I think I was whipped already as I stared at her, my mate. Both of our smiles got soft and hers was just as beautiful.
"Hi, I am Tessa Preston. I am this dummy's sister. This dummy is Lakyn Preston the future Beta. Than this is the Future Alpha of the Blood Moon Pack, Alpha Chasten." She said looking at me the whole time.
I looked away to see that Alpha Chasten was as tall as Greg but shorter than me. I'm about 6'2, Chasten looked to be 6'1. Chasten had blonde hair that was short and spiked in the front. Then Lakyn was 6 foot like Greg. He has brown hair and looks like he is a baseball player especially with the Angels cap. Also with his Angels shirt.
"Hello Alpha Chasten, I am Future Alpha Greg and my Future. Beta. Paul." Greg said enunciating the last three words. "Also please just call me, Greg and you can call him Paul or Paulie."
I glared at Greg as I said, "call me Paul. Everyone calls me Paul."
"Alright. You can call me Chasten." Alpha Chasten said amused at us.
"You can call me Lake or Lakyn, but I usually prefer Lakyn with people I just met." Lakyn said.
"Wait..." But before my beautiful mate could finish someone interrupted.
"Sorry! I got lost for a little!" A girl with black hair said.
"That's alright Chelsea. Greg and Paul this is my mate Chelsea, Chelsea this is Alpha Greg and Beta Paul. Call them by their names though." Alpha Chasten said.
She smiled brightly as she looked at us.
"It's nice to meet you." Chelsea said.
"It's nice to meet you all as well." I said while mainly looking at my mate. Her face turned a bit red and I smiled at that. She hasn't even been here for a minute and I made her smile and blush.
"Hey! Right! I almost forgot. Paul." Greg said making me reluctantly look at him. "Go to lunch and go see if Jaycie and them are alright. You promised to go have lunch with her as soon as she was back at school."
That's when it hit me. I almost forgot about my sister! How can I do that! I was worried about her all day even if it looked like she was having fun today! I better get going, otherwise she might think I forgot about her!
"Oh my gosh! Right! Thanks for reminding me Greg!"
"Also check on my sister and brother just in case they might get into a fight about Eric or anything at all." He said.