
"How am I suppose to do that?"
"You will find out soon.  You must leave by tomorrow night.  You must be back home by tomorrow.  Once you are gone I will take care of the other young ones and the bad men that had brought all of the misfortune upon you young ones and many others.  Keep them safe Jaycie."  He says.
I nodded.
"I promise to try sir."
He smiled a wide smile.
"That's the girl I saw.  Always so nice."  He said smiling messing my hair up. I smiled and wiped my tears away as he unbinds the ropes around my arms and legs. "I will see you and teach you and her what you must know to bring peace."  I nodded at him.  He looked to the door and then back to me.  "I'm afraid this is the time for you to leave.  I will lead you back."
He helped me up and led me out.  He took me out of the room.  His hand was on my shoulder and it glowed for a few seconds as he castes a spell or something.
'You must be careful when you leave.  You're going to be saved rather quickly as Chase has turned on his locator.  Your friends as well as his will save you.'
'When?'
'I may not say.'
'Okay Mr. James.'
'Just call me James, Jaycie.'  He said.
'Okay.'
He then took me to a door that opened with Talon chained down and Chase and Morse sitting next to him.  Another man came in making sure that Chase and Morse doesn't do anything stupid.
"It's okay you guys.  I'm fine."  I said as I went over and hugged Chase and then Morse.
"I'm so glad."  Talon said in somewhat of a weak voice.
I went over to him.
"Are you going to be okay?"
"Yeah, I'll be fine soon."  He said.
"Good.  I'm sorry."  I said as I hugged him.
"Who was that?"  He asked.
"Someone good."  I said as he leaves and then a few more men come in and grabs my arms.
"We've learned our lessons to chain you two."  One man says as he tosses me to the corner, me almost being a klutz to fall and hit my head only I caught myself.  I kicked him and punched the next guy in his face hitting his nose.  He wailed in pain as another grabs me and chains me making my skin burn.  I then noticed my mother in the other corner as they leave.  She had growled loudly.  My eyes were once again wide as I looked at her.
"Mom!"