
"Tessa I'll be with you momentarily." I said with a sheepish smile.
She laughed a little and headed to the mall. I shut the door and leaned over to give him a small kiss on the cheek but it turned into a kiss kiss. I laughed nervously with a hot face and a sheepish smile.
"Bye Chase." I mumbled.
He had a silly smirk on his face and I just left and ran to catch up to Tessa. She was grinning as I was turning red. I just ignored her as we went inside.
__________________________
*20 minutes later*
"I just got so mad! You can date whoever you want whenever you want as long as your father approves, right?" Tessa asked.
"Right, but Paul is my brother. Also, Tessa he is just worried about me and plus Paul and Chase doesn't have such a great past when they knew each other." I said after I had taken some of the ice cream I had.
She and I were sitting down and I was glad. She almost dropped her very own ice cream. She should be glad I have good reflexes. Okay not 'good' reflexes, but just enough to make sure it doesn't fall over.
"What happened?!?" She asked.
"What do you mean 'what happened'? Didn't he tell you?" I asked getting my ice cream only with a frown.
"He didn't tell me whatever it is that you're about to tell me!" She said.
"Oh, well just blame Talon or Tania." She nodded furiously telling me to continue. "Alright so a family friend slash my best friend started to date Chase. They had a good relationship for quite a while. Then one day she comes over to our house crying and she wouldn't tell me but she told Paul. The next day we had school. I had P.E. with Chase and his friends. Paul came to my class that day and was so mad. I went to him, but he went past me like I was just a road block that he can always get past. I was truly surprised as he started to yell at Chase. I tried separating them, but Chase got Skull to get me out of there and take me to my friends." I told her.
"It was that bad?" She asked.
"Yeah. Paul was accusing Chase of cheating and he tried denying it. Although everyone thought it was true, but I kept on denying. I didn't want to believe it since I really liked him. Although I didn't want to think that my best friend would lie about it." I said shaking my head.
"Are you two still friends?" She asked doubtfully.
"I haven't talked to her since I found out she lied. Which was last year....?" I told her.
"Wow when did it happen?"
"Last year."
"When did you like him?"
"When he first got here." I said.
"When was that?"
"I think it was in June 28. I was what... Hold on let me think." She raised her hand as she remembered. " it was 2005! I was 7. That was the day I first saw him." I say as I reminisced. "I, well, I didn't really save him save him, but my mom was telling me to run and well he stumbled out and all my mom did was growl." I said in a low voice for only us. "I told her to stop and to be nice." I chuckled at myself and shook my head. "I don't know why but it felt like he was going to be the only real guy that I like. I really care about him and I don't want to be cliche, but it was love at first sight, only I didn't know that feeling when was a kid. I watched guy movies more."
"That is so adorable." She said with a smile. "C'mon, lets go and we can have that sleep over."