
"Well, did you get any information out of her? Like do you know who killed her mother?" She asked.
"Yes, he was the guy from the school and the guy that she took down to protect Detective Beckett's friend that time when we all had to go to the police station." I said.
"He did it? How did he do it?" She asked.
"That I do not know. Although Mrs. Everheart seemed fragile and not so strong, she was really strong and she was fast. She also had exceptional speed and reflexes."
"Are you saying that Mrs. Everheart was beaten badly before she was killed?" Dad asked. "From the file I saw it said that she was only stabbed."
"I know, but that stab could have only been done if she was dreary or not paying attention. That isn't consistent though, the not paying attention part, as she also had great hearing. She caught a student talking in her class while her students were suppose to be playing an instrument."
"In that case that means she was dreary or poisoned." Tyler said.
"Poisoned? I never actually thought about that." Clara said as I had thought that.
"It's possible though, right?" Tyler said as he was eating now.
"Well, whoever did these reports of Mrs. Everhearts death was inconsistent." I say with a frown.
"Well, that is something that you can bring up to General Esperon and Leon. Good-bye kids, bye honey, Chase and I have to go to a meeting." Mom said getting up with my plate and her own.
"I'm not done eating though." I said with the same frown.
"You are now, let's go."
I grumbled as I got up and went to get the files. Once I had them and my bag I left my room. I went downstairs and went out the door with my mom to the meeting.
__________________________
*Angelique's POV*
(A.k.a Chase's mom)
Chase and I got in the car to be on our way. I don't really know what to say or think about this whole Jaycie being his girlfriend thing. As a mother, I like it. She makes my son happy, she makes him show more emotions, and he isn't always on the search for a potential killer. Although the bad side of this is that I barely know the girl. I like knowing who my son is dating, by knowing I mean, personality, does she respect her elders, and I would like to know what's in her damn file of what she has done and where she's been, but it is lined with black in the files we have electronically and on paper. Also, I don't like how he's gone a lot. He's with her more.
I like it as the head director of this organization. If he's with her a lot and almost all of the day, then it means he's doing his job. Although, I do not like it when my agents are dating the people they are suppose to be protecting.
Thinking that makes me think about a co-worker I used to know and still do know today. Chase's teacher, Jacob Cannon, had the same mission, the only thing is that she fell for him. They both fell for each other. I felt very bad when she got scratched by that wolf. I can't quite remember her name...
"Mom, what are you thinking? You never stop talking when we are in the car." Chase says with a raised eyebrow.
I smile slightly.
"I'm just thinking about how happy I am for you and Jaycie. Although I don't like it a whole lot." I said.
"Why, what do you not like?" He asked curiously with a frown.
I sighed. "I don't like how I don't know the girl. You haven't invited her over, and yet you are always with her ever since she returned. I want to get to know her and I want access to the black marks on her file! I am frustrated with that. It's not only her though, it's Justin, Morse, Tania, Thalia, everyone of them but her brothers and dad."