
They tied me to the chair along with covering my mouth. I was kicking around when they were trying to tie my feet to the chair.
'Mom. Please don't try and find me they'll kill you. Please don't!'
I got no response and knowing my mom is alive she probably was going to ignore my request and come and get me.
She did ignore me and busted the door down. She attacked from left to right. She was doing well. When I thought she actually did it she shifted. She came over to me and unbounded the ropes and the cloth over my mouth. I was going to get up, but before I did I heard a shot rang through and my mom hiss in pain. It hit her shoulder I stared helplessly for a second. Another shot rang through only it missed and started to hit the walls only to hit the person who shot it.
She grabbed my arm pulling me up. I got out of the chair and we started to escape through a window. We got out of there only to get caught 50 feet away. The hunter knocked both of us down. Only Mom grabbed him and thrown him. He caught himself. Mom had a sword in her hand as soon as I saw her.
I was getting up since we were so close to our border. Mom killed the hunter by cutting his neck.
Mom and I started to leave. Two more feet and we were on our own border. Mom had let go of me only I turned to see a hunter with two other men.
"Jaycie. Run!" Mom yelled.
"No! Mom! Please!" I begged her, but she told me to run.
"Jaycie now!  I can't lose you."  She said.
I couldn't shift because I am weak. I tried to find a weapon. When I saw my kitana I pulled it out of it's hiding place and decided to fight. I fought as much as I could. I had given him major cuts but he grabbed my hand so strong it made me drop my kitana. He turned me around as my mom was losing her battle.
"Watch your mother die." He whispered in my ear harshly making me flinch.
She was hit across the head. She fell on the ground. I couldn't watch, but I couldn't look away. She threw a stone at him making it hit him in the throat only the other hunter stepped on her hand when she was trying to get up.
"MOM!" I cried.
The hunter pierced her hand. He took the sword out of her hand and kicked her. He then looked straight into my eyes and said something as he stabbed my mother in her stomach.
I cried out to my mom just as wolves had reached us and killed the hunters. I ran to Mom. I kept on saying jibber jabber as I tried to make the bleeding stop.
"Honey, it won't work. I love you so much. Tell your dad and everyone I love them." She said as best as she could.
"No, your going to make it! You are! Please don't leave me!" I said my voice cracking as I sobbed. "You can't leave me! You have to stay! You just have to! You have to be my mom! Who will cheer me up? Who will talk to me non stop? Who will defend me against Paul or Dad? Who will tell Paul and I to stop fighting when Dad's at work? Who will make my favorite food on the days that I'm mad? Who will be playing around grossing me and Paul out by making kissey faces with Dad? Who am I suppose to give presents to on Mothers day? Who's going to be my best friend? Please don't leave me. I need you..."
She caressed my face as I cried.
"You'll find your mate soon. Open up to them. The other stuff I don't know but I love you all." She said with soft laughter and a smile.
"Mom, please don't go.." I whispered my voice breaking.
Just then her eyes looked above away from me as she took her last exhale. I cried hugging her body begging her to come back. My dad came over crying as well. I couldn't let myself let go of her. She just had to come back. She just has to.