
He chuckled as he pulled me back as I got off of him. He dipped me and kissed me fiercely.
"EWWWWW! PAUL! COVER MY EYES! AHHHH, THAT'S SO GROSS!" Jaycie said.
"I'm too busy covering my own eyes. Gosh Mom and Dad, go get a room!" Paul said making me and him laugh at our kids as Alexander and Daniella had faces on as well.
"Ewwwww, I don't want to see that." Daniella said.
"I didn't either. I could of lived my whole life to not see that." Alexander said.
"Hey at least you're seeing this at 19, I saw this with my parents at a young age not so much like what we are doing. Trust me when I say it was worst." Derrick said.
Alexander looked mortified.
"Ewww, Dad! Those are my grandparents that you are talking about! I didn't need to hear that!" He said grossed out.
"Speaking of mates, Derrick let me go for just a few seconds." I said and he looked at me like I was crazy.
"Hell no, I'll hold onto you." He said as he lifted me up and I chuckled.
"Paul, where is your mate, as well as you Alexander."
"No, Mom, his name is Xander." Jaycie said.
Alexander sighed shaking his head.
"Just go with it, Mom. That's all she'll call me." He said as he hugged his little sister. I smiled.
"At least you have a nickname. She only gives out nicknames to people she likes. She also does that to people that she doesn't want to name around that person. She'll give them code names like that one time with Thalia, Tania, and Lydia when they were talking about guys. They made names up so that whenever the guys were around they would talk and the boys wouldn't know who they were talking about as they are talking at the table at school or any where when the boys are around."
The boys eyes were curious.
"What?" They all said as Lydia just came as Tania and Thalia said an uh oh.
"What's going on?" Then she saw me. "Oh my gosh! Mrs. Everheart!!!!!" She squealed and ran over hugging me.
"Hey there Lydia." I said.
"Lia, we are in trouble now. Mrs. Everheart ratted us out." Tania said.
"You are damn right." Skull said. "You didn't tell me about this. Who did you all talk about and what is my nickname along with Chase's?"
"Pshhh. We're not telling you. This is a girl thing. Which means only the girls of the group will get to know and make-up nicknames for the guys we like or liked. That's the rules boys. Nice try." Jaycie said. "Also thanks Daniella, we'll get you caught up with the nicknames later."
Daniella looked at her blinking a few times.
"Really? After all of this you'll let me be a part of this?" She asked confused.
"Of course, you are my sister. You were just listening to your dad and that just means you were doing what you were told. It's his fault for making you do all those things. While I know why you didn't like me now, I would have been jealous to. Mom is the best Mom ever. You'll love the house. I may like you, but I like to have my own room so yeah we aren't sharing. I love you though." She said.
It made me smile as I hugged Derrick.
"Wait, I have another sister?" Paul said as he threw his arms up. "How many siblings do I have Mom and Dad? You said I only had Xander and now I have Daniella as a sister? Who else here is my sibling?"