
"Well lets get to know each other. We can find our strengths and escape together." I said with a look of hope.
He looked up thinking about it and nodding slowly after thinking about it. We had definitely told each other everything. I didn't keep anything out and I could tell he didn't either. We had also gone over our enemies on their moving patterns. When that was said we had formulated a plan then.
He had also told me that their were other royalties, alpha's or leaders along with us. How they could manage to keep them all here is incredible. All these people well be set free though. I just know it. With some of my strength, his strength, and our brains we can do it. At least, I hope we can.
~
It was a week after that they wanted to travel. That's when I started to pretend to be coughing horrendously. I had spat out the blood that they had given Talon.
"Oh my goodness. What's wrong with her?!? I had never seen a wolf cough like that spitting up so much blood." The guy said.
I kept fake coughing and Talon pretended to be disgusted.
"Ughhhh. It hurts." I whimpered as I hugged my ribs.
"She needs help! Don't just stand there! She needs a doctor!" Talon said.
"She isn't going to see a doctor." A stronger voice said.
That voice was the voice of Hank. He is the leader. How I knew that was because he had betrayed me. He was the one that brought me and tell the others to take me to the dungeons. At first I thought he was joking, than I was being surrounded. I had tried to protect myself and get out of there as much as possible, but they got me. Anyways back to the situation at hand.
"Mr. H it hurts so badly. I can hear her voice. She's trying to come out and..." I started to cough up some more fake blood and started to cry. "It hurts so much. Please! Help me." I had whimpered.
I heard the doors open after he had ordered that they open it. Then that's when Talon had used his speed and taken down the men and then he had Hank against the bars knowing he was a werewolf he must be burning. I grabbed the keys that he had and spit out the blood that I had left that stayed in my mouth.
"I can't believe it. I did it with out throwing up. Looks like you owe me five bucks." I said with a smirk towards Talon.
"Why couldn't you have thrown up. I could of won five bucks and the act would of been so much better." Talon said. "Now go get the others out."
"Already ahead of ya!" I said as I was trying to finish unlocking the 3rd cage. There were about two people in each cage and there were 12 others.
As I was getting the last of them with Talon, we heard people talking. I hurried up the stairs and when they saw me it was a kick to both their faces. One of them fell down over the stairs railing to the ground. They had landed with a thud and groaned. The other had landed behind me. At least I think they did. I didn't hear them fall all the way down though.
All of a sudden I was being grabbed and picked up. My eyes widen and I had let out a surprised squeal. Let me tell ya, this man was strong! I had stayed still trying to balance yet tried to get out of his hold all at the same time the others were coming upstairs.
"Let me go. I hate being picked up! Let me go you bamboozle fool! Eek! Don't touch me on my butt! That was totally unnecessary!"
"Shut it girl." The guy said with venom.
"No way! I'll scream all damn day! Let me go!" I said fidgeting more since we were away from the stairs.