
"Why her though?  Jaycie is younger and sure while she wanders she knows how to fight right?"  Chelsea asked.
"She does, but she's more of a 'lover than a fighter' as you might say.  She doesn't like being in violent situations, but she will protect the people she cares about."  I replied.
"Do you know what prophecy or legend this is?"  Chasten asked.
"I don't exactly know, but we have gotten some ideas.  The fairies thought it would be the legend of the creators ruler.  You know the one where the creators of all species made a creation where the creature is all.  He or she is to rule and will fight for the weak and protect them as well as fight the evil.  Then the witches and wizards think it is of the prophecy that brings true peace between all species and humans to know of our existence once again only they will love us and won't use us and things like that."
"Wow, those are both really old.  My mom had told me those when I was 8.  She says that they were told to my ancestors from like the 1800's."  Chelsea replied.
"They are really old.  That's the thing though.  I don't know which one it is, because every other specie thinks it is one of those prophecy or legends.  We don't know though.  Those are two out of the four that haven't been fulfilled.  The other two is about angels and demons or the Hybrid that has another specie within itself.  The one where the hybrid is something more than just two species, but three."  I said.
"So you've done your research?  That's good.  Now is there any thing else we should know about this?"  Chasten asked.
"Yes, I have done my research.  I don't know is there anyone that you know in this book?"  I asked.
I pulled out the book and they started to look through it.  Then they froze.
"No... This can't be right."  Chasten murmured.
_________________________
*Chasten's POV*
"No, no, no."  I quietly responded.
"Chasten, please tell me I am seeing things.  Tell me that isn't them, please tell me it isn't them."  She murmured as she starred in disbelief at the pictures of the three.  I looked at the whole book furiously flipping the books pages without ripping it.  Although I was hoping their picture would disappear it didn't.  I groaned.  No.  They didn't!  They were in our school!  I swear!
"Chasten, Chelsea?  Who do you see?"  He asked.
"We see Ellen and Allison with their brother Keith.  But I swear they went to our school when we were younger.  Also I see Drake, but I swear that I knew Ellen, Allison, and Keith Andrews since kindergarten.  Allison and Ellen are Chelsea's cousins.  Keith is to, but Keith is also my third in command.  He's in charge of my work and all while I am gone.  We even met each other through her cousins."  I replied.
"Well they should be put under protection.  Just don't make it to obvious.  We did that with Jaycie and she still got kidnapped."  Greg said.
"I understand."  I said.  "I'll call them right away, just after we are done."
"Actually, I would like to check up on them.  Let me call them and break them the news."  Chelsea said and I nod.