
~Some time after~
Why is it so dark? What's that beeping? Why do I feel like lead?
"Chase... Please wake up... Jaycie's awake, so why can't you be?" I heard a heartbroken Clare say.
"Clare, it's going to be ok he'll wake soon." Was that Tyler?
I felt a hand touch mine and sparks went through me at the speed of light. I then heard a gasp. As soon as the hand repelled from mine I felt empty.
"Jaycie, what's wrong?" Umm... I think that was Mom's voice...?
"He-he shocked me." Jaycie said. Even though when she touched me and actually felt it again I felt my heart skip a beat.
"D-did you guys see that?" Now that was Skull.
I felt pain wash all over me. I wanted to groan aloud. Wait, I think I did...
"He-he just!" That was dad. "Chase! Wake up son! Come on! Open your damn eyes boy!"
He sounded excited yet he was cursing at me like if I didn't I'd be awoken and he'd kill me for not listening to him then have me be brought back to life.
Pushing that thought aside, I started to tense. I heard a gasp come from the hand I tried to squeeze but just barely did. I was trying to open my eyes but they were so heavy.
"Please, Chase! Wake up! Please! I will slap you if you don't! I'll slap you to be conscious than I'll freaking kill you when you don't wake up." Skull said grabbing my free hand. I heard a growl then and tried to wake. "Shut your dog yap up! I'm trying to persuade him to wake up!"
"Skull, I will kill you." Jaycie says. "Come on Chase, open your eyes."
Just then I slowly am able to. I shut them automatically and groan.
"Shut the lights off!" Tyler said.
Then I heard a click and open my eyes as there is a softer less painful light. It's the moonlight. Once I am able to focus and feel a hand against my cheek, I see the most beautiful girl ever. Her eyes are so magnificent. I try to smile softly and her tears fall down as she hugs me.
I tried to hug Jaycie back, but my arms felt like jello. I just put my head against her shoulder. She pulls back and continues to caress my face.
"I've missed you so much!" She says and kissed my cheek.
"I- I've... M-m-missed you to-o." I said through a harsh voice that sounded like I haven't used in months.
"Chase, try not to talk. It's going to take a while for your voice to come back." Dr. Hendrickson said.
I nodded slowly, but even that hurt. He smiled.
"Okay, can you move your hand?"
Jaycie let go and I automatically caught her hand. Ouch... She looked surprised so did everyone else. I wanted to talk to her, but knowing I can't sucks.
"Jaycie, Chase doesn't want you to let go. He wants you to stay there." A familiar voice says. "Also he said that if you moved he will move again even if it hurt him like it just did.
That's when I slowly found the source. It's that James guy that Jaycie calls Golden eyes.
"Did he really say or think that?" Jaycie asked.
"Okay, he really doesn't want to let you go, but he didn't say the rest. He did think ouch after he moved his hand." James said.