
"I don't care if you think this doesn't include me, I don't care if you think I won't understand. He attacked one of my friends who is my coworker. He was called dead when he was at the scene and then he turns up alive attacking my coworker. He was going to bite her and she said he had incisors or vampire teeth and that he didn't have that before. Do you know him? Even if you don't I want to know if you have seen this." She said looking at only me and Link.
I flipped the picture face down on to the table.
"We know him." Link said.
Tears started to well up in her eyes, but it was of anger. She and I hated this man with a deep fury.
"He's the one that led the group. He and his asshole of a girlfriend. Apparently someone wanted us, but they always had their 'fun' with us by torturing us. We noticed sooner or later that a person had disappeared not from escaping, but because they were taken to the person responsible, but they'd return and say what happened and that they weren't the person. Then they'd be gone at the end of the week. They would be home and they wouldn't remember a thing. Only Talon, Jaycie, me and a few other people wouldn't even go to the man at all as we would always escape and fight." Link was trying so hard not to get her eyes to change.
I touched her hand and she gripped my hand.
"Do you know the man's name?"
I shook my head at her.
"That was the only name we didn't know. Everyone called him a creep or something else. It changed with the person that you ask. A girl had called him a stupid ass bastard and a guy had said a creepy silhouette." I replied.
"Same here. I never got that information. We were always trying to leave. They never really said his name, they only called him the head honcho or the Boss."
She nodded.
"Now why don't you tell me any thing about this man?"
"I can't." I answered.
"I believe you can."
Then the doorbell rang. My father had jumped up and said he'd answer it. He raced to the door and we all watched him open the door wide. We saw it was Jaycie and an impatient looking Justin along with Skull, Tania and Morse.
"Mr. Hendrix! Oh good. I was just here to talk to..." Jaycie started until she saw Detective Beckett.
"Why don't you all come in and wait for Link and Talon upstairs?"
Jaycie looked quite a bit angry. She opened the door and walked all the way here and looked at Detective Beckett with an angry look.
"What are you doing here and why does it look like Link and Talon are sad and angry?" She saw the picture that was face down on the glass table.
"Jaycie, don't do it." Link said.
I can see the curiosity in her eyes. I reached for the picture only she snatched it up quicker. She looked at it. She froze right then and there. She shut her eyes and tried to breath as well as suppress the shiver that went through her body. She put it back.
"Jaycie, I told you not to." Link said with a frown as any thing to do with any kidnapping she went through was worst then ours.
"I'm fine. I can look at a picture. It's not like he's here." She said opening her eyes and putting a ghost of a smile on her face.