
Paul Butcher as Justin
__________________________
Chapter 6
*Jaycie's POV*
They pulled us out of the car and told us to follow them. They walked into the building walking into the elevator. I didn't walk in automatically. Neither did Justin.
"Well, what's the hold up for?" The male detective that we learned was Detective Watt.
Gulping, I started to answer.
"Well, Justin and I aren't the best thinkers when we are in elevators. We don't ever use elevators." I couldn't even get near an elevator. This was the closest that I've ever been.
"I'll take them upstairs then. You take these four up." Detective Beckett said.
She gets out of the elevator and leads us to another door. She opened it to where the stairs were. We get inside then and start climbing the stairs.
"Which floor?" Justin asked.
"Fourth floor. That's where we will ask you guys questions. Also try to cooperate because Detective Watt and I might not question you."
"As long as it isn't Brody, then we are all good." I replied.
"How do you know Brody?"
"He was the one to find Talon and me when I was first kidnapped. After that he and I had gotten acquainted since I'm always somewhere at a bad timing or getting something at a place where I shouldn't at the time." I said.
"Sometimes she would bring me or Paul with her just so that wouldn't happen. That failed every time I went. Paul had gone with her at times and it would happen only once or was it twice?" Justin asked.
"I hope it was only once. Otherwise Brody wouldn't be there alone. He'd have Officer Fredrick." I said.
"How many times have you two been to the police station?" Detective Beckett asked surprised.
"Well since my dad is a police officer and all, about more than I can count, but if we were talking about situations I'd say about 20 or so times. I have no idea."
"Well, umm, I'd say just about 28 times half of them is for my stupid sister, then a quarter of them was for Jaycie when we were together, and then the rest was for other stuff." Justin said.
"Why have you been kidnapped? How many times?" She asked.
"Can we not go there? I don't know why and I have counted, but I don't think you want to go there."
We were on the fourth floor now and the last step I took she told me to stop. I looked up at her with a questioning look. Usually when this happens to my brother he gets slapped, only because he flirts with a girl, but stops when she has feelings for him. Gosh, my brother is stupid. She bent down to get to my height and looked straight at me.
"How many times, Jaycie?" She asked.
"Ummm..." I bit my lip as I looked away and thought about it. "About 5 times? I think."
She looked at me most likely with a pitying look.
"Well, I'm grateful you survived."
"Don't say that to her." Justin said.
We looked at Justin, but his back was turned to us and I knew why he was saying that. It was because 4 out of the 5 times I had people with me. 4 out of the 5 times I always saw them die and I'd have big scratches and wounds. 4 out of the 5 times I'd come back with scars.