
"Shut up, Justin!" We said and again we were making faces at each other. Then we burst out laughing at each other.
"Stop it." She said with a shake of her head.
"It isn't my fault that we say things at the same time sometimes." I said.
"It isn't my fault." She said.
"Stop it both of you. You two should just get use to it. I know you both hate it when people say stuff at the same time, but we don't know what other people are going to say or when. Just get use to it." Skull said as he just rolls his eyes at us.
Justin and Morse are waiting for us and I see that they are talking to someone. Jaycie gasps as she sees the person and she runs over to them. Who is it? I walk closer to see Alexander and a girl. I know her though. Who is she? Jaycie hugs them both and they laugh.
"Kiara! Xander! How is the newly couple?" Jaycie says.
"Shhh. Jaycie. We aren't a couple yet. She has to break the news to her boyfriend that they can't be together." Alexander whispers, but because of my very good hearing from being a spy I can hear him.
"What? You had a boyfriend and you didn't tell me! You talked to me over facebook! You could of told me then!" Jaycie said.
"Shhh, Jaycie. I would like it if you lower your voice. He should be here soon and I'll explain everything to him. You know Garrett. He's usually late, but he said he'd be here after first period he just needs to get somethings." She whispered.
"What do you mean you and Garrett are going out?" Jaycie said aloud as she was confused. I walked over with a raised eyebrow. I remember how I know her now. Garrett introduced me to her.
"Garrett was just making out with some girl." I said.
"Oh really? Good then I don't have to explain! Yay." She said.
I looked at her with surprise.
"What?" She asked everyone as she looked at the many eyes that were looking at her curiously.
"You aren't mad?" Morse said. "You get mad at almost everything. I should know."
"Naw. I'm ending it any way. Now I can just say that he cheated on me." She says waving it off.
"Kiara are you sure you are alright?" Alexander asked.
"I'm sure Alex. Plus I have you and I didn't cheat on him he cheated on me even though I was going to break it off today I am totally fine with it." She said with a shrug.
"Some times things happen and you need to let it go is my motto." Jaycie says putting an arm around Kiara after she stepped on a chair since Kiara was tall. "I'm glad that you are using it."
Jaycie had a grin and Kiara laughed.
"Your welcome short stuff."
"And I'm proud to be short! Like I am proud to say that I got an F on my Bio test the other day." She said and I laughed at her.
"Why are you proud of that?" Morse asked.
"Because I can be now shut up Morse." Jaycie says with a big smile.
"We'll talk about your test another time Jaycie." Alexander said.
"Soooo, another time means in a few years right?" Jaycie asked.
"No. It means when we get home. You can tell Dad that you got an F on your Bio test."
"Would it be better if I said that Mr. Mattias knew I didn't know the matterial and gave me an A anyway?" I started to laugh at that while Morse just dropped his jaw.