
"What gun is this?" He asked.
"Find out yourself when you use it." I said with a grin.
We kept walking as he was confused.
"What's that suppose to mean?" He asked me and I just shrugged at him.
"How are you guys, Chase?"  I asked him as we were making our way out.
"I'm okay, I just don't know about Talon, Jaycie, and the not dead Mrs. Everheart.  Also by the way, it is nice to see you alive and well Mrs. Everheart.  We've missed you and quite honestly Jaycie did as well.  She stayed in her room almost everyday since that day.  She had only come back to school at the end of September.  Hey wait, that means it's already October."
"Wow, I just noticed that as well.  Too bad it isn't October 31st.  That would of been great."  I said.
"Boys, lets get out of here first then we can talk about Halloween and other things.  Daniella, stay by me."  Mrs. Everheart said.
"Sorry Mrs. Everheart."  Chase and I said as we went on.
I looked ahead to only almost be punched in the face.  I was pulled back by Jake as he shot the gun and have the guy flying from the blast.  Not only was the guy flying but so was Jake, but I pulled him down before he could get hurt severely.
"That was awesome."  He said as he stared at the gun.
"The gadgets I make and get are always awesome."  I scoffed as I pulled him up and we all started to leave once again.  There was a guy here and there, but my friends that came along helped out as they took care of them.
We got to the back to only have Talon try to stop them.  Only he wasn't the only one, Daniella and Jaycie were trying to stop us as well.  Morse smelt the area and growled.
"We shouldn't go back there."  Daniella said and she looked a little scared herself.
"Why?"  I asked.  "When I went back here earlier it was perfectly fine."
"Is there anyone out there?"  She asked as I had the door open.
I looked out and saw nothing until I looked up.  My eyes bugged out.  What the fuck is that?  That looks like... oh my gosh, it's a big huge tarantula.  It saw me and I shut the door very slowly and carefully to see that it shot freaking web at my arm.  I am so glad I saw that coming.  Other wise I think my arm would be dead, pulled off, or something.  I turned around and pointed the other way.
"I wouldn't want to go out there now.  It's a good thing I told everyone to leave from that area.  It was just Samuel and Kent."
"It's a good thing they listened."
Speaking of them, I pull the walkie talkie out as I heard Sam calling me.
"Vamp Boy, Do you have Dog Bait, Mr. Kranky Ass, Tilly Tally, and Lil Jay Girl?"  Sam asked.
I sighed as he said that.  I held the button down and answered him.
"Sam.. You. Are. An. Idiot.  Stop calling Morse Dog Bait, other wise you will be bait.  Stop calling Chase Mr. Kranky Ass, otherwise his foot will go up your ass.  Stop calling Talon Tilly Tally, because that's more of a nickname for Thalia and never again call Jaycie, Lil Jay Girl.  Copy that?"  I sighed out as I saw Morse and Chase glaring at my walkie talkie.  Jake and Link were grinning at the nicknames.
"I'll take that as you got them then.  Hurry up.  We have no idea who or where the guy that caused all this is."
That's when Link froze and almost lost her stepping.  Jake had completely froze as he was looking straight ahead.  Chase looked up and glared and looked angrier than ever.  Daniella stopped Mrs. Everheart as Mrs. Everheart grabbed onto Daniella tighter.  Jaycie was out.  We all just noticed that and Morse was ready to fight.  My friend took Talon from Morse's grip and saw that Talon was out as well.  One of my friends took Link's place as well helping her.  I looked up to see the man that freaked them all out.  I glared at the man.  I stepped a few steps forward and gritted my teeth.