
HER is Jaycie Everheart. Jaycie's mom and dad is Patricia and Derick Everheart. Patricia had been murdered a month ago. Before she died, Patricia was a teacher at..."
"Patricia was a teacher at Naples American High School. She was a music teacher. One of the best. Derick Everheart is a cop. He's the chief of Department. I know. I know Jaycie. She and I were friends."
"What happened between the two of you?"
"Just some girl that was her friend telling her lies. I haven't talked to her for a long time." I said.
"Well talk to her." General Esperon said. "I want you to get to know her till the point she trusts you and tells you why she has been kidnaped multiple times. Understand?"
"Yeah, understood and already knew that. Oh and General Esperon." I said as they were getting up.
"What?" He asked.
"She isn't going to fess up to why she has been kidnaped multiple times unless she's drunk like Kira was when she told me things." I said sitting back putting my feet on the table.
Ok I just set myself up and I know it. Kira is his daughter who is honest and quiet, but she doesn't like talking about personal stuff. I didn't mean to set myself up, but her boyfriend had gotten her drunk one time and she was home drunk telling everything she did wrong and everything she did right. How I know this is because she called me on accident. I picked her up and sent her home. She tried a few things that night I hope she won't ever do again. So far she hasn't.
General Esperon looked pissed off. His face was red so I was guessing he was. My mom glowered at me. General Leon was shaking his head at me, but I saw the amusement.
"I think we are good here. Lets go General Esperon. Good-bye Angelique and Chase. I'll make sure we schedule a meeting next time."
"You better schedule or I'll make sure you come in way later." Mom said to their backs.
They left and I kept reading.
"That wasn't appropriate Chase." Mom said.
"I know and I'm sorry I'll watch my mouth next time."
"You all say that every time. Every time they get Cain to run in I get mad, they want to have a meeting I tell Cain to get them, they come and we get a meeting you piss them off and I talk to you about it every time. Can we not make this a routine Chase? I can't have you pissing people off, Chase. I do not need you doing that every time a general comes or someone of importance." Mom lectured.
"Okay Mom." I answered just like I always do.
"That's what I get every time Chase."
"I know Mom."