
"Your eyes." I said as our breathing went out of control. "They're beautiful."
Her eyes shut and my eyes did to as I felt her lips against mine. She held onto my neck softly and I did the same with her hips. I stopped. She whimpered slightly.
"Please. Just kiss me."
I obliged to her and I knew her eyes were shut. I put my lips on hers gently. I softly kissed her. It was soft and slow until she stopped. I felt her tense and when I opened my eyes I saw shame and fear as she hurriedly got off of me and was crying. She had put herself in the corner and sobbed.
"I-I'm s-s-so sorry, Chase. I-I shouldn't have done that." She said.
I just knew it was something else as she was panicking. I got up next and got next to her.
"Jaycie, did something happen while you were kidnaped? Did they touch you?" I asked her.
She looked up with fear more prominent in her eyes. Her hands were shaking and she just sobbed as she nodded. I pulled her to me and hugged her.
"The-the-they ta-ta-took m-my first kiss and they-they did terrible things. I-it was horrible. I-I can still remember an-and.." She sobbed not being able to finish her sentence.
"Did they take advantage of you?" I asked even though I didn't want to know, but I also did want to know.
"I d-d-don't think so. People kept interrupting every time thankful-fully. I was also a-also d-d-drugged every time he did do that." She sobbed softly with a whimper.
I looked at her eyes when I let her go.
"Did you feel weird inside? Did it ever hurt down there?" I asked her.
She shook her head. I looked away and sighed out a relieved sigh.
"Oh thank goodness. Jaycie your fine they didn't get too far." I told her.
She looked relieved as well. She hugged me and I hugged her back. She got up as I pulled her up. I pulled her to the seat and made her sit on top of me. She softly put her head in between my neck. She giggled a little bit.
"What?"
"Nothing, It's just that you smell like my favorite scent." She replied.
"What scent is that?"
"Fresh water and the forest. When I close my eyes it makes me think of the day my dad, mom, Paul and I went to the spring that's nearby. It was so much fun." She murmured as she yawned.
"Lets get you home, Jaycie." I said.
She nodded and when she tried getting up she was close to falling down with her wobbly legs. I caught her. She gave a sheepish smile.
"Don't you worry Jay. I'll carry you. Why don't you just go to sleep?" I said and she nodded.
She cuddled into me and fell asleep.
__________________________
*Talon's POV*
"Talon Hendrix to the front office, Talon Hendrix to the front office please." The P.A. announced.
I heard everyone ooooh at the announcement and me.
"What did you do now?" Link asked.
"I swear I didn't do anything." I said raising my arms up in defense to her.
"What ever, just go." She said with a roll of her big green eyes.
I chuckled and left. Going to the office was a quiet walk. It actually surprised me. Usually everyone is talking. Maybe people are taking a test or something. I made it to the office and I saw Morse's Mom and Dad, Mr. and Mrs. Moore, talking and they were confused and when they looked at me they shut up. They come walking towards me uncomfortable. That's a first, they are usually friendly and have smiles on their faces.