
He nodded still amused.
"Alright." Misty said bringing some dresses over. "Here we go."
I looked over and saw a variety of dresses.
"Why don't you go try these on?" Dad asked counting the dresses seeing she brought eight.
I nod. I pick up the dresses and put them in the dressing room that was closest. I took of my shoes and was glad I just had my plain black and white converse. I put them next to my dad as I was grateful that they had carpets, as it was making my feet cool instead of the cold floor that it might of been. I took my shirt and pants off taking the first dress off and putting it on. I walked out and showed them.
"Does it fit well?" Misty asked.
"It does." I said with a smile.
"Hmm. Well I don't see anything bad about it. Except that boys will see your legs to much." I chuckled at Dad and rolled my eyes.
"I'll look at the others Daddy. I'll be right back." I said after looking at the white dress.
He nodded and I went back in.
__________________________
*Derrick's POV*
"So why are you here with her?" Misty asked.
"I got a day off. Besides her brothers, she has me. I wanted to spend some time with her." I said with a smile.
"I'm sorry." She whispered.
"It's completely fine. You don't need to apologize, Misty." I replied.
"Okay! Here I come." Jaycie said.
She came out and she was wearing a red dress, but the dress itself reminded me of that one top she had made fun of that one time. It was a nice color of course, it was just the design that she made fun of. That's what this dress reminded me of. She was looking at it weirdly.
"How about we try a different dress?" Misty said as she laughed a little. "I can tell you don't like that one."
I looked at her. She had a face. I started to laugh and she nods with wide eyes.
"I'm going back!" She said.
I tried to not laugh so hard. She ran back in and I just shut my trap. She tried another dress that had flowers on it. I looked at it and it looked nice. It was at knee length and it looked nice.
"I think this will be fine, but lets see the others." She said.
Misty and I smiled at her and nodded. After she went back in, I was talking to Misty once again. She and I were talking about the pack since we knew we were both werewolves. She says that she tries to mask her scent for practise and just in case any rouges come and I nodded. She and I went on to her daily life and how she got this job. Apparently a friend had helped her get this job. She was apparently "Forever Available" in her words. Also she was a Delta's daughter. I was truely surprised that she was working here. She said that her friends and her have quite a few jobs and that they are saving money. Also they were in the werewolf college here.
"Ahem" Jaycie said as she fakely cleared her throat. "How is this one?"
We turned our attention to her and I have to say, my daughter looked pretty in the dress she was wearing now. It even fit the theme. Her eyes were looking at the dress as she smiled an elegant smile. She looked to my shocked face and Misty's. She cocked her head with a frown.
"What? Why are you looking at me like that? Do I look bad?" She asked and I was about to say something since I didn't like the last question.