
"May, stop. Tania this is May. She was one of my protection details. I had to protect her from some people. May this is Tania. She is my girlfriend. Also you shot at an innocent person and someone else's person to protect. That is so not cool, plus Chase and I are their alibis. Chase was there and the generals and his mother is fine. Just an F.Y.I my name is actually Skull." He said putting his gun away.
"I really want to kill you." May said pissed off.
"You can kill him over my dead body." I growled.
"Tania, stop it." Thalia said as she started to walk in.
Justin came out blinking a few times as he sniffed the air.
He mumbled something but no one understood him.
"I don't know what he said, but everything is clear. We have civilians here. People from one of the files we saw and three more." She stated in an earpiece.
Some people started to walk in making Justin stare at the door and wait for someone. I wonder who it is. Maybe it may be his mate.
______________________________
*Justin's POV*
I smell a scent. It's very familiar. I know the scent. How do I know the scent. I wanted to know who it was but the people were taking their time as they came in. As the people came in the scent got stronger and stronger. Who is it?
That's when I noticed that it was two someones I know that came in with their weapons looking foreign to my eyes. I froze at the sight of them. They shouldn't be here. They can't be here. I stared at the women's black hair and her blue eyes. Her skin is an olive green. Her round facial features on her face makes me want to remember the last time I saw her. Then I stared at the man's brown hair and green eyes. I started to actually become really angry.
"Justin, don't do it." Ken said.
"You..." I was starting to fume. "Why are you two here?"
I glared at them. I was trying to control my breathing. I was trying to control my wolf.
"I see you are still mad at us." He said.
"Still mad? WHAT DO YOU MEAN 'STILL MAD'?!? YOU TWO LEFT WHEN I NEEDED YOU! OUT OF NO WHERE YOU GOT UP AND LEFT! MY PARENTS, SISTER, AND I TRUSTED YOU TO HELP ME! I COULD HAVE GOTTEN TAKEN! You left me to get taken." I yelled.
"We did not leave you to be taken." She said.
"I was 10 years old when you did that to me, Sam and Will. I was 10! You left me in an unknown place that they knew of! Yeah, I remember every damn thing. You betrayed my family, lost my trust, and almost killed me. You let them take me for more than a whole year! I could have died! Do you even fucking know what they do to the people they hold? They were close to killing me! Yet neither of you came to get me nor protected me when I needed you." I said. "Fuck this, I'm going home. I swear Ken and Zach if you use any shit on me I will kill you both."
They grumbled and growled. Tania and Thalia were confused. Skull was stoic and the people they came with looked like they expected this as I walked. I was almost past the door when Thalia grabbed my arm. I looked at her hand.
"Thalia."
"Justin, please stay and please don't leave Tania and I. Jaycie, Talon, and Morse are already taken with Chase. Please stay. Please, I do not want you to go and I do not wish for another one of my friends to be taken. Please Justin." Thalia said.
"Justin please don't. We do have to check on the others but please don't leave our site." Tania said as Skull let her be.