
They left right away, except for Tania as she snickered at them although she frowned at me.
“Thalia, I do not want you in the fight.  I would rather you go with Jake and Link.”
“I’ll be fine.”  I said.
“You didn’t let me finish.”  She said with a slight smile.  “I know I can’t change your mind, so I want to tell you to be safe.  You too Skull, watch Thalia.  I don’t want either of you coming back hurt.”
I grinned.
“If I don’t kill them, which I most likely won’t then you will be the second one I call since Skull is there already I’ll make sure to find him and have someone by me at all times, although I do not promise you that.”  I say.
“I knew what you were saying was too good to be true.  Just remember I don’t want you ending up like you know who.”  She said with all seriousness and I frowned.
She was talking about our real parents.  They had died fighting for us and we were taken in by Talon’s parents until one of the vampire couples decided they really liked us as we were super open to them and loved them like they were really our parents.  Actually they were a family.  Tania and I have an older brother named Jordan.  He’s 18 now and while we don’t really talk about him so much we do hang out with him after school at times either with or without friends.  We try as much as we can to stay together.  Although bringing up our old parents was like a bullet to the heart that I didn’t die from.
She kissed Skull good bye and gave me a hug.  It was short as I was still a little upset from earlier. Lakyn came back in mumbling something.
“I left my, ummmm…”  He looked around red a bit in the face and picked up his bag.  “Yeah...  This is what I left.  Anyway I’ll see you there Tally.  Just promise that you’ll wait for me to get there before you go on in or near the battle.”
He seemed so serious.  I cocked my head to the side blinking.  I thought about it for a second and nodded.
“Okay Lakyn, I’ll wait for you to get there.”
“Promise me this please.”  He says coming a little closer to me and I nodded.
“I promise.”  He sighed a relieved sigh and nodded as he put his hand through his hair.