
Ciara Bravo as Tania
__________________________
Chapter 14
*Jaycie's POV*
After I had finished my homework I had gone back downstairs and put in a movie I have been dying to watch.  The movie was Rush Hour.  I had been watching alone until my Dad joined me and he also brought popcorn.  I sat in my seat.  Literally, my seat.  I had called it since I first sat on the couch.  Everyone knows to stay out of the seat or they will be sat on.
It was getting to the good part when someone slammed the door open.  I had jumped and fell off the couch and rolled to where I was hidden.  Dad had jumped up with a pillow as a weapon.  I heard laughter and I looked up to see Paul and Tessa with Lakyn.  I paused my movie and jumped up.  I pointed at them as I pouted.
"You guys are mean!  It was just getting to the good part!"  I pouted to them.
"So-so-sorry Jaycie.  We didn't- ah hahaha!  That was hilarious!  Did, did you fall off the couch?"  Paul asked.
"Yes and I am proud to say I did!  Now let me watch my moviesss."  I said as I sat back down and unpaused my movie.  I re-winded it a little and continued.
They joined us and I just watched it until the end.  They said that they were going to pick a movie and I saw it was only 4:50 so 5 o'clock.  That's when the doorbell went off and I yelled that I got it.  I jogged to the door and saw Chase, Tania, and Skull. They all had nice clothes on.  I looked at them with my head cocked a little.
"Go get ready."  Is all Tania said.
"For what?  I didn't get a text on Facebook or on my phone..."  I said.
"Well I am now forcing you and Chase to go on a double date with us."  My face turned a bit red and I knew it.
"W-w-why?"
"No reason.  We just always wanted to do a double date and you two are our victims.  You are being forced just like Chase.  You know now that I notice you both have the same face while we explained."  She said with a raised eyebrow.
'Must be because we both are thinking the same thing  that had happened yesterday.'  I thought to myself.
I was pulled out of my thoughts as she was pulling me to my room.
"Boys go wait in the car!  I am going to help Jaycie go get ready!"  Tania said.
"Ready for what?"  Tessa asked.  "Can I help?"
"Yes you can help Jaycie get ready for her forced double date or hangout with Skull, Chase and I."  Tania said throwing a smile over her shoulder.
Tessa squealed, but Paul growled.
"Tania you are NOT taking my sister to go on a date with Chase!"  Paul said.
All she did was stick her tongue out at him and shut the door.  She then locked it and Tessa was going through the bags that I didn't bother to put away and I was so regretting it.
"Oh!  That's nothing!  Don't-!"  To late she found the make-up.  She also found a dress and squealed.
"She has to wear this Tania!"  Tessa said.
"That would look great!  Why didn't you tell me you went to the mall?"  Tania asked.
"I went with Dad.  We were spending time together and well he said to find dresses and random stuff because I was going to the high school dances this year."  I said quietly.