
"I'm glad you think so..." I said a little bit after the silence we shared. "Good night, Jaycie."
She laughed slightly and said, "Good night, Chase."
*****
"Jaycie and Chase, wake up!" Her mom yelled making me wake up and sigh.
I looked and saw that I didn't dream that I was at her house. I actually got permission to sleep over her house. I blinked a few times as I looked down at Jaycie's sleeping form. She looks peaceful. I tried not to wake her up as I pulled my arms away, for her to only sleepily tighten her arms which was going around my waist. I slightly smiled as I moved her arms. She had loosened and let me go. I got up and covered her. She frowned a bit and hugged onto the bear I saw on her bed. She slightly looked peaceful now. I chuckled to myself as I went to her bathroom. I was going to check if she had another toothbrush but I saw the toothbrush that I brought from my house to be in her cup that holds onto the toothbrushes. I smiled as I grabbed it and saw the note which she probably put there.
'Remember to take Chase's stuff back to him! He may need it.' I read to myself as I chuckled once again. I brushed my teeth and cleaned myself up and went inside the room and grabbed the other clothes that I had left here. I changed once I got into her bathroom. I went back into her room not knowing whether or not I should wake her up or not. I decided I should just let her sleep and silently closed the door and saw Justin and Morse outside the door about to knock on her door. That freaked me out since all I could do was think about whether or not I should wake Jaycie. My eyes widened as well as their eyes.
"Did he just...?" Justin started to say but was lost of words.
"Yes, he did just came out of Jaycie's room." They were both staring at me before I could say a single word they started to run downstairs. I sighed.
'Oh great, now they are going to probably say things I didn't do and tease me and Jaycie.'
I can hear them laughing since they saw me go red in my face. I skipped using the stairs as I jumped from each level and slid down the banister very quickly to stop in front of them surprising them as they froze.
"How did you do that?!? You were just upstairs!" He said.
"I told you what I am and yet you two still don't believe me? You're both idiots and what do you two think you are doing?" I asked as I glared at them.
"Oh nothing! Just going to go see Claire and Tyler outside along with our other friends." Morse said.
I pulled them by their collars.
"Say anything and I will not be merciful on whether I kill you quickly. Do you understand?" I asked.
"Oh please, you can't do crap to us." Justin said as he tried to get my grip off of him.
"Justin, Justin, Justin. You do know I know where you sleep and who you like, right?" I asked and he scoffed.
"Hah! Yeah! You totally know who I like!" He said sarcastically as he did get out of my grip as I let them go.
He started to walk off and for fun I went on with my threat since I really did know.
"So, Valerie isn't your crush right?" I said and Morse started to snicker.
Justin froze. Although it was for just a second as he turned.
"Go ahead and tell her, it isn't true. Everyone knows and thinks I like someone else." Justin said with a shrug.