
"Chase, you are a great kid. She may mean the world to you now, but sometimes what we want blinds us..."
"Mr. Everheart, I know you and the others are supernaturals and I am just a human. I've known about this since I was a kid as well. I've learned to identify supernaturals and how to fight them."
"How?" He asked.
"I met people who taught me these things. I confronted your son and talked to Tania about it and told her I knew about it. I know she has a mate out there, but I just want to make the best out of it now. Like I said, she's my world and I honestly can't see myself without her. I've tried dating someone and not thinking about her before, it didn't exactly work at all." I started to yawn and he patted my back.
"Go ahead and go to bed. We can talk another time."
I nod at him and head upstairs. I walked to her room since I remembered where it was. I silently opened the door and peered in to see her on her iPod. I chuckled as she looked up at me and smile.
"Hey, for a second I thought you left." She said as I came in.
"I wouldn't be able to leave without saying good-bye to you. My mom is letting me stay though." I said.
"From what I understand, you stayed over my house once watching over me. I found your clothes and I did the laundry and I kept forgetting until now." She says pointing at her chair. I see that I left shorts here so I grabbed those and a shirt.
"Thank you. Although, I am sorry that I left my clothes here." I said.
"It's fine." She said as she put her iPod on her clock. She started to play music at a low volume.
"You play music while you sleep?" I ask her.
"Yeah, I do." She said. "It sometimes helps me."
"It helps me as well." I said with a smile and then she saw that I had the clothes in my hands.
"Oh, you can go change in my bathroom. It may be a bit steamy. I just took a quick shower." She said.
"That's fine." I said as I quickly changed as soon as I got in. I grabbed my shirt and pants and came out.
"You can put your dirty clothes in the hamper, I'll wash it then give it back to you." She says as she just lies on her bed.
I put them in the hamper and get in the bed since I had already taken a shower. My parents and family weren't at home and they let me stop there first then I went to their house. It was when they were settling in. Although coming back to the present I got in the bed a bit hesitant. Honestly I would of taken the couch or anything. I am just really nervous. I think she noticed my hesitation. She turned around.
"Have you ever lied down?" She teased.
I chuckled and lied down in the bed as I rolled my eyes.
"Of course I have. You'd think you would have known, I mean I'm not a bat who hangs upside down." I joked.
"Hmmm, so Talia hasn't bitten you out of anger by now? That's surprising."
"She can turn into a bat?" I asked and she started to laugh.
"No, no. That was something authors had made up. Ha ha, wow, did you really only now know that?"
I rubbed the back of my neck embarressed.
"I know...now..."
"You're so funny." She said as she cuddled into me which surprised me. I loosened up and put my arm around her which she gladly let happen as I wrapped my arms around her. She laid her head on my chest and hugged me as well.