
"Same here Mr. Smith." Ashley said.
"Good, now Chase please don't end things with violence. I would like this class to be a violent free zone." Mr. Smith said.
Chase gave him an adorable lopsided smile. I wonder what he's thinking.
__________________________
*Chase's POV*
Does he really think that's possible? Hah. He should know me as well as Danny. Danny should just be glad I didn't knock him cold. I did it at the agency for training I could do it again.
"Mr. Smith, you know, I would promise you that I wouldn't, but we both know that isn't going to happen. Trouble is my middle name. I thought we went over that last week when you were at my house. Plus you know my mom. I get my violent nature from her." I say and he chuckles.
"Yes, I know that, but just not in my class. Keep it out and when I'm not responsible for you."
"Okay, so next class?" I joked and Jaycie softly hit my arm making me laugh.
"Oh, right. Jaycie. I'll make sure that Danny apologizes for that. Also please tell my son sorry for punching his nose this morning, but I give you permission to slap or punch him for anything past your boundaries. Tell me right after as well alright?" Mr. Smith said.
"Okay. I promise to tell you right after." She says as the bell rings.
"Your dismissed. Have a good day." Mr. Smith said.
We left the room and that's when Jaycie got suspicious.
"Why is today a B-day? Shouldn't it be an A-day?" She asked.
"Well you would know that there was an inconvenient fire drill that lasted for about three hours yesterday since there seriously was a fire. That's why no one is allowed in the cafeteria today. Lunch is outside and whoever doesn't have lunch and has to buy their lunch gets to go off campus with the faculty to get their lunches." Thalia said.
"Awesome! I like this! I get to go get good food!" Jaycie said. We started to laugh as she grinned. "Oh and Ashley and Thalia, I want to thank you guys for backing me up. Also I can't believe it Thalia! You insulted someone! I'm happy for you! Then again don't tell Tania you did that. You know how she is with you and your lack of niceness."
"What are you two talking about?" Tania asked as she came over with a confused look.
"How awesome I was catching that fly ball without even paying attention." Jaycie said covering her tracks.
"How did you catch that? How did you not even know you were going to catch that?" I asked her.
"Well you see, I got bored easily and I didn't think Danny would hit the ball so I was just off into space. I was stretching my catching arm when I felt something hit my glove. I closed it and brought my glove to myself. I was out of my daze and I jumped out of surprise while you guys cheered." She said.
"Seriously? Hah. You'd be an awesome softball player if your going to be trying out for the team." I said with a smile.
"I actually really want to, but stupid people show up and I'm off and out and then I can't try out for softball." She said with a frown.
"It won't happen this year." I promised her as I brought her to me.
I hugged her and she hugged me back.
"I sure hope so." I heard her mumble.
"HEY LOVE BIRDS! Get your butts over here." Justin said with a smirk.