
"Well that isn't her fault. You don't have to blame it on her. Although not bringing her over is my fault. I haven't actually wanted to bring her over." He said. At first he was a bit upset then he became stoic. Whenever he becomes stoic that's when I know he was nervous and guilty about whatever it is.
I sighed.
"Why are you nervous about bringing her over?"
"I'm not nervous." He replied.
"Your expression tells me something different." I said.
"Leave it alone mom, we are here anyway." He digressed as I parked.
He automatically got out and started to walk away before I could have locked the doors or give a command to my car. I frowned at this and decided that I should go as well. I got out of my car and slowly caught up to him. He didn't want to talk at all, so we made a silent trip to my office. Once I was there I saw that the generals were here. I opened my door and they got up silently. Once we were inside I gave out greetings.
"Hello and good morning to you, General Esperon and General Leon." Then I looked over to Cain. "Cain."
I gave him a slight narrow of my eyes. He silently gulped. That's when I knew he was going to stutter. Being near this boy is frustrating at times as I know exactly what he'd do next. He's practically the person anyone could perfectly predict his next move.
"M-ma-morning ma'am." Cain stuttered making Chase scoff.
"Morning General Leon and General Esperon. Hello general scaredy cat." Chase commented.
Cain just sat down on one of the chairs on the side as he ignored my son by slight grumbles.
"Good morning Mrs. O'Niel and Chase." General Leon replied with a business like voice although he still had his smile on. I've always seen him with a smile unless he knows when to become officially serious.
"Good morning Mrs. O'Niel. Chase." General Esperon said calmly with a nod. I gestured for them to sit down and they did to conclude our meeting has began.
__________________________
*Chase's POV*
"How is this case so far?" General Leon asked.
"It's actually interesting. I actually know quite a few things about the kidnappings, sir."
"You do?" General Esperon asked surprised.
I instantly wanted to roll my eyes but withheld it. I knew if I did I'd get my mom upset. The last thing I need is her upset. She's already not wanting me on this case anymore since I've somewhat made it personal. I don't want to push it any further and so I started to explain my findings.
"I grabbed a few more files of people of whom I've came across of in this case and noticed a lot of things." I said as I grabbed my bag that has the files and copies of everything.
I grabbed them and got up handing one file out.
"Jackson Finn? What does Jackson Finn have to do with this?" General Leon asked out of curiosity.
"He is one of the many teens to be kidnapped, and look at his file, it has the black stripes that no one knows about. He tries to escape the kidnappings by drinking. He found a way to stay away from them. He uses alcohol and for years they've been away from him. Jaycie confirmed it. They told me yesterday that Jack and Jaycie drank one time and they didn't catch them or try to get them."