
"Stop sucking up Dad."  Alexander said as he was pulling his phone out.  "Although I'm fine with you not taking me with you, I think if you did then Mom would of tried and use legal forces.  Also ha ha your a late bloomer and I'm not."  He said jokingly.
"Ha ha. Laugh it up Alexander.  I'll just tell Jaycie and Paul about your mothers embarrassing nick name for you."  I said.
"Don't know it."  He said with a shrug.  "All I can remember is being called Alexander and that's it."
"Well I got to visit you every so often and I saw that she was calling you something other than Alexander."  I said.
"Must of been when I was younger younger.  I don't have any idea what you are talking about."  He said with a shrug.
I furrowed my eyebrows.
"You don't?  Oh well.  I guess I'll just tell you she had called you my sweet potato than."
"I don't ever remember her calling me that."  Alex says as the other two were snickering.
I frowned he wasn't that young when she called him that.  He was eight at the time and I remember him talking to someone outside when she yelled that.  That was also the last time I saw them both as she moved away from here.  Also Patricia didn't know I went to visit my son and see if he was doing fine.  I should of just told her.  Thinking about her brought my shoulders down as I remembered everything about her.
"Daddy.  Stop it."  Jaycie says as she was frowning and her eyes were getting watery.
"Come here you two."  I said as I stood up.  Paul wasn't getting up, but Jaycie was.  She ran over and hugged me and I was just waiting for Paul.  "Come on Paul.  Come here."
He looked over with no real expression on and just shook his head.
'I'm fine.'  He said through the link.  I knew it was because he was also remembering his mom, but the subject is still a touchy subject.
He heard Jaycie sob as I hugged her and that's when he flinched.  He got up slowly as she cried even harder.  He came over and he hugged her and me.  Jaycie went to Paul and cried.
"I-I-I'm sorrrrry.  I'm so sorry."  Jaycie sobbed.
"Why are you sorry, Jaycie?  You didn't do anything."  Alexander said.  Alex was right she hadn't done anything.  None of them did.  They tried to escape and they killed Patricia.  Jaycie was just listening to her mother.  She did everything she could to get her mom and herself to safety.
"It is!  If they didn't come after me that day than Mom would be here!  If I just had decapitated that vampire than No one would of died!  I wouldn't of lost Sammy, Ms. Irene, and Mommy!"  She cried and I felt terrible.  She had to see them all die.
"Sweetie it isn't your fault.  If it's anyone's fault it's the people who they work for."  She froze then.  She was only sniffling.  She cleaned her nose with the napkin she grabbed not looking at anyone.  Only Tessa had came down and saw her.  Tessa went over to her.
"Hey, hey.  Come on let me help you get cleaned up okay?"  Tessa said and Jaycie nodded.