
You see Talon and I had met when I was, I would say, taken my second time. I had heard that he was taken, but I never thought that we'd ever be taken to the same place by the same people.
*****
"Get your ass in there!" The man hollered as he threw me in.
I almost face planted into the wall. Almost being the operative word. Someone had caught me. At first I had thought it was the wall, but the feeling of arms around me got me to think it was a person. I was wondering who it was as well. The scent didn't smell familiar at all . The person helped me up as the guy slammed the door shut. Looking at the door I frowned. I'm only 10 years old to be in here is scary, weird, and purely terrifying, but I knew not to panic.
"Thanks for catching me. I'd probably would of gotten a serious injury had it not been for you." I said only now looking up to see big grey eyes.
"Your not panicking?" His slight British accent filled the air with a hint of surprise making my lips form a slight smile.
"Of course I'm panicking on the inside a little, but my parents will find me I just know it."
He looked away from me as I said the last part. His frown set in and I cocked my head with a bit of wide eyes as I was curious to why he would be like this. I wonder how long he has been here.
"I had the same hope, but they've traveled a lot. No one has been able to find them and if we tried to escape they'd get you back.."
"Don't be so negative. I know we can escape somehow. Rouges, werewolves, and vampires all have a weakness. Like mine is silver which is most likely what the bars are created out of. How about you?" I asked him.
He had raised his eyebrow at me. He looked at me with curiosity. I think he was wondering if he should trust me or whether or not if I'm crazy. I'd go with crazy, but then again there are many people who are just as crazy or worst than me.
"It's being dismembered and/or being struck with a wooden stake, but that only lasts for moments unless it is left inside of me." He said calmly.
"Oh, so your a vampire! I couldn't get that from your scent. Are you covering your scent or something?"
"Covering scent, but they know I am a vampire. They just don't know who I am." He said.
"May I know your name?" I asked.
"If I may know the lovely strangers name than yes." He said with a smile.
I almost forgot to introduce myself! Than I remembered what he had just said. 'lovely stranger'. That just made me smile even bigger.
"Right! I almost forgot. My apologies. My name is Jaycie. And yours?" I asked.
"I am Lord Daniel's and Lady Grace's son. I am Talon." He whispered low only for me to hear.
To say I wasn't surprised is a lie. I was shocked.
"I've heard of you." I said quietly.
I didn't quite feel safe, but to have him here was kind of scary. I've heard only horrible things. I mean I am a werewolf and vampires don't really like us unless they have family or real friends that is one of us. My pack lives near there's though and a few people had told me how mean he had been to someone. Sure I didn't exactly know them, but my parents said to try and just communicate with my own kind, humans, angels, faeries, and some other species.
"I've seen you at school a few times. I guess you don't like listening to your parents since your friends with a lot of my clan members and they like you as a friend." He said with a sad smile.