
Dakota Goyo as Talon
__________________________
Chapter 8
*Chase's POV*
After she had shivered probably unknowingly as I touch the scars on her back.
"Turn the camera off along with the mic." I demanded.
She looked at me and was about to protest. I turned to her and glared. I have a higher ranking then her and she knows it. To remind her though I flash her my badge as I still touch and outline some of the scars. This is just terrible.
"No one is to come through that door or be on the other side. Understood?"
"Of course. I'll make sure of it. I'll let you two talk in private." She muttered angrily knowing a kid like me is higher ranking than her.
She left and when I saw the camera turn off, I was glad. I pulled her shirt down and I heard a soft sob and sniffle. I see her bring out a handkerchief with Harley Davidson all over it. She wipes her nose. I turn her around slowly and wipe her tears for her.
"How about we get this off your chest?" I prompted, but she just hugged me.
"I don't know why they always wanted me. They always came after me and they also went to kidnap Talon as well multiple times always searching for us when we least expect it. They got a hold of both of us almost every time. Every time Talon and I would lose someone. I can't take it any more! I can't bear the heart ache! I can't stand being gone for months on end! I just can't stand it! I can't lose any one again!" She cried tightening her hold on me.
I hug her.
"Jaycie. Look at me." I said to her in a soft, smooth voice.
She hesitated until I put my hand under her chin and used my finger to softly lift her chin up so that she may look at me.
"Jaycie, I promise to do my best in keeping you protected. I will always protect you even if it means that my life is at stake. All I want is for you to have a better life after all the crap you've taken. While I haven't been through the same loss that you have, I was close to. I was close on losing my own mother in front of my very own eyes as well. I've lost a friend through a gun shot wound, I've lost a family member through abuse, I almost lost Skull by someone stabbing him. I've been through death just like you."
"N-no. You couldn't have. This stuff only happens to me." She murmurs hugging me tighter.
"Jaycie, I promise that wasn't a lie. Stuff like this happens to a lot of nice people. We all go through the hardships of life. My mom tells me that all the time." I say as I make her sit on my lap so that she can cry. I sigh, knowing what I'm about to do is the first time.
I pull her back and caress her face. Her lovely face is streaked with tears. I never thought that I'd ever see her cry. Although I pulled my shirt up revealing my side. It shows the time that I've been whipped. There's also a gun shot wound.
"Oh my gosh." She murmured.
She touched it. I didn't wince at the pain and I just let her. What she did shocked me and the reaction I did made her shiver. She had bent over and kissed the scars. Since it was soft and unexpected I groaned.
"Jaycie." I groaned out with my eyes closed, which made her shiver.
I automatically felt something stir within me. I felt some kind of sensation. It was the feelings. She's making me like her even more. I hugged her and stared at her eyes. Her beautiful eyes. As I leaned in to her, I voiced my thoughts.