
"No. I just want to know what you did. What stupid act did you do again?" He asked.
"Just think that you wanted a hug from your brother who had protected people." I said with a grin.
"Oh yeah sure." He said sarcastically.
I let go of my sister and see something behind him. Some people have been yelling and I looked up and one of them got loose. I saw that he was going straight to the Everhearts. Shit! I went over and blocked them ad he rammed straight into me. He hissed at me with fangs and that crap. Oh so he's a vampire. Huh, like I haven't tried fighting a vampire before. When I was young I knew hunters and I found their secret by vampires and had been taught how to fight them.
I had his hands and I tried not to hit the Everhearts behind me. I kicked his legs and we both fell. I was on top of him. I had him pinned and the guy was hissing right at me. I tried pinning his hands with one. Sure I wasn't as strong, but I knocked him out with a punch. His head lolled to the side. I stood up. The cops patted my back and I saw my parents had saw that.
"Uhhh, umm, Hey Mom and Dad. What are you doing here?" I asked with a sheepish smile. I just knew I might be in trouble.
"So, you must be my family's new hero's parents. I am Jaycie Everheart. It is so nice to meet you." Jaycie said going to them and shaking both their hands.
"Yes, I am Gerard and this is my wife Angelique." Dad said to Jaycie.
"It's really nice to meet you Mr. and Mrs. O'Neil."
"I saw that you two were protecting each other and I must repay you some how. Oh wait! You two should come to the dinner party tomorrow!" Mom answered her own question.
"I don't know I don't want to inconvenience your other guests and your family." Mr. Everheart said.
"It wouldn't be an inconvenience at all. It would just add to the party. You and your family is welcomed to come over anytime..." Mom trailed off wanting to know Mr. Everhearts name.
"Oh, right. I am Derrick Everheart. You may call me Derrick though. You know Jaycie and this is my son Paul." Mr. Everheart said.
My dad and Mr. Everheart shook hands along with my mom.
"It's great to meet you Derrick. I'll fill you in on who will be at the party tomorrow." Dad said.
"Thank-" Mr. Everheart was cut off when a police officer had came up to us and say something.
"Jaycie Everheart and Chase O'Neil, I need you two to follow me." Officer Mack said.
Shit. Mack absolutely hates me. I look to Mom and I see her nod her head. I sigh at that. Then see Brody approach. Jaycie squirms.
"It's you again? I thought you said you wouldn't be a part of any other trouble." Brody scoffs.
"Hey, I said I'd try. I didn't say that I wouldn't be a part of it." Jaycie said.
"Jaycie this is the fourth time. How many times am I going to have to give you a warning?" Brody says and her brother and father hears that.
"Wait, What?" Paul says only he looks more surprised than angry then his father.
"He gave you how many warnings?!?" Mr. Everheart asked.
"He gave me three... Look I didn't mean to be a part of any of them Dad and it's been taken care of. It's... It's in the past." Jaycie said looking away. Her hand goes to her arm and rubs her arm with somewhat violent circles with her thumb.
"We'll talk about this later Jaycie." He said.