
"No problem. Just tell me if you don't feel well alright?" He asked.
"I will, Mr. Canon." I reply with a smile as I focus on my work. I work on the worksheet until I completely finish every question. As I finish writing my answer for the last question, the bell rings.
I slowly pack up my belongings as Danny's older brother comes into the room. I'm putting my belongings away slowly still as I neatly put my History work into my folder and put it in my bag. I think Danny's older brother's name is Zachary...
"Hey, Jaycie Everheart, right?" He asks as he is standing beside me.
I look up as I am still sitting.
"Yes, that's me. You're Danny's brother, Zachary, right?" I asked.
"Yeah, Zachary or Zach." He said.
"Awesome, I was right. Any ways, did you have to ask me anything?"
"Actually, I wanted to know if you really punched my brother and if he really slapped your..." He was going to continue until I cut him off.
"Yes, I punched your brother. He called me a bitch and then he got insulted by two other people and then he slapped my butt. He also deserved the punch while I didn't do anything to deserve that slap on my butt." I responded.
"Gosh my brother is stupid. I'm sorry for everything my brother has done." He says as he picks up my bag for me.
"Thanks. Also you don't need to apologize Zach. It's your brothers fault, not yours." I said.
"I practically helped raise him. I have to take some of the blame." He said.
"Trust me when I say you really don't have to. Paul does the same thing, only he wants to take credit for the good things I've done. When it comes to this stuff I usually don't get involved, but today ehh, I guess another side of myself wants to show." I said to him as he walks with me out the class.
"I've got to say, your brother is a pretty cool person to hang with."
"Exactly why I don't hang out with him at school. He's a cool person, I'm a weird person. Cool and weird don't mix." I say with a grin.
"I see. You know their are different kinds of cool people. Your brother is hilarious. He's a good guy. You should be lucky you have a brother like him." He said.
"I couldn't have asked for another to replace him." I say with a smile.
"I'm glad. Well, I just wanted to apologize for my brother again, but I have to go. It was nice meeting you." Zachary said.
I waved as he left. Tania called me and I walked to her. As soon as I got there she shot questions at me.
"Who was that? What did you two talk about?" She asked and I decided to cut in.
"That was Zachary Smith, Danny's brother. He was asking if the rumors were true. Then he apologized about Danny's actions and all." I said.
"Aww that's sweet." She says. "Anyways, follow me."
"To where?"
"You'll see." She exclaims.
I was so confused on what the hell was going on? Should I know something?