
"What's going on Talon? Who are you and your parents going to talk to?" Link asked curiously.
"Well, we are going to talk to Detective Beckett. Can you stay here with me and my parents? I don't really like it when your out of my sight and I'd like it better if you stayed." I said.
She had a small smile as she nodded.
"Yeah, I know how you don't like to talk to cops alone."
I grunted.
"At least you understand! My mother and father doesn't understand that." I grumbled then I got a backhand to the back of my head.
I frowned and said owe. Mom smiled and looked at Link.
"Why, Hello Link! When did you get home?" Mom asked.
"Oh I got home as soon as you raced to the door. I came from the back. I took the forest path today. I was actually pretty excited. It was my first time taking it by myself! I loved looking at the animals in the forest. I was having a lot of fun, but I came home after watching the animals hop, run, and skip away." Link said.
I was still frowning.
"I thought I told you not to take that path with out me." I said.
"It was just this once, Tal. I really just wanted to see the animals."
"Okay, I'll let this off. For now." I teased.
She pouted at me. I smiled. I brought her into a hug.
"Come on, lets get it over with."
"Is she coming?" Detective Beckett asked.
"Yes, I am. I might be useful in answering some of the questions Detective. I was with him for three of them." She said her last sentence so low I don't think she heard her.
"You what?" She asked proving me right.
"What did you want to ask about? Me being kidnapped?" I asked.
"Yes and a few other questions as well." She said.
"She was there with me for a few of them. She can help out with answering the questions." I replied.
"Any one else?"
"Not here." I replied.
She nodded and we went to the living room. Link and I went to the couch for two while my mother and father went to the couch for three and the Detective went to the arm chair. I looked at Link and she smiled encouragingly at me. I sighed nodding. I can do this with out getting angry or anything.
"Talon. How did you meet Jaycie Everheart?" That question surprised me a bit. How did she know I knew Jaycie?
"What? Wait, how'd you know I knew Jaycie?"
"I heard her say that she and you were kidnapped once when she was being questioned by me and another person who I thought would be of comfort for her."
"Who would that be?"
"Chase O'Neil, anyways how did you come across Jaycie?"
"We were kidnapped by the same people. I first met her when she was ten. She and I were put into the same cell. She was thrown and she was close to hitting the wall head first, but I caught her before she did. Then she and I introduced one another."
"What happened while you were there?"