
James chuckled.
"He groaned because he wants to actually speak. His thoughts were, 'the one time I actually have 1000 or more words to say, they tell me to shut up, but when I have none they tell me to speak? That's not fair!'" James said for me.
Jaycie nodded in understanding.
"Don't worry, you'll get your voice back soon."
I don't care about my voice I just want to know if Tessa and Paul are okay. Paul... I'm sorry. I should of not listened to Tania and Skull I should of checked up on you guys when I first felt the stupid horrible gut wrenching feeling.
__________________________
*Paul's POV*
"Where is she?" He spat at me. All I did is glare.
This man... Actually, whatever the hell this thing is has had me for a whole month. He wants to know where Daniella is. He also wants to know where Chase and James are, but it's not like I know. I also wouldn't ever give there location up. This thing found me a few days after my sister was in the hospital. I might have went past my borders by a lot. I was just upset since it wasn't only Jaycie, but Chase. Hell I don't even know if they are alright.
"I'm not going to tell you. One because I don't know and two because you're not going anywhere near them." I spat back and then spit on its face.
It became very angry. The monster roared and neared its fangs at me, but I stayed firmly in my chair not scared. I was tied down but I didn't care.
"Master! Master! Please! Calm down! The boy has been saying the same thing over and over. He must really not know!" His scared little boy servant said.
"Shut it!" He hissed to the boy making him flinch.
"Don't talk to him like that! You freak! Kid, thanks for standing up for me, but if he is going to treat you like this than stay out of this. You don't deserve to be treated like this." I yelled the first part to only softly say the last parts to him.
His 'master' became angry.
"You-you!" He was becoming furious which only makes me smirk.
"'You-you' what? Tripping over your own words now?" He was fuming. I swear if we were in a cartoon I think his head would of exploded or he would be like Hades from the cartoon version of Hercules when he got angry. Thinking about just made me laugh. That didn't help my situation as he picked my chair up and threw me. Now, it's my time!
My wolf burst out. He attacked the monster freak and I couldn't even really see what the hell I was doing. All I wanted was blood. Its blood. When my wolf let me resurface I noticed the monster was dead. The boy though was on the ground wide-eyed.
"You-you killed my master..." He said. Then he ran over to me. At first I thought he was going to attack me, but he hugged me. "Finally! I'm no longer his servant like the witch said I'd be! You're my new master! I'll do whatever you need me to do sir!" Then he gasped and let me go. He bowed at my feet even if there were blood on the floor from the monster. It made me cringe. "I'm sorry! I didn't mean to touch you! I was over joyed! I'm sorry!" He exclaimed.
"Hey, hey, it's okay. Just get off the floor. There's blood on it." I said with a slight wince. He automatically got up. "Now let's go get washed up. Also I can't be your master and you can't be a servant."
"What? Why not?" He asked.