
"We know that."  Tania said.
"Then knock it off."  She said.
"Here are your menus."  Tyler said as he handed them to each of us.  "Would you like some waters to start everything off?"
"Yes please."  Jaycie said giving him a smile.
"I think that would be great."  Tania said.
"Yes please."  Skull said.
"Yeah, we would.  Thank you, Tyler."  I smiled at him and he smiled right back and left.
"So when were you going to tell me that we were going to come here and why didn't my family tell me about this you two?"  I questioned Tania and Skull with a raise of my eyebrow.
Skull just grinned.
"We weren't going to tell you.  I thought you would of guessed while we were here, but I saw that you were distracted by someone."  Skull said and winked at Jaycie.  I saw that she buried her face into the menu after she saw that.  "Also we told your family to keep it a secret.  Plus they were the ones that said that you needed to go out and have some fun with a pretty little lady.  They were the one who said that I should go on a double date with Tania and force you to go while Tania forced Jaycie."
"They chose me?"  Jaycie said in disbelief as she came out from hiding.
"They specifically said 'Go tell Tania to invite Jaycie Everheart.  She seems like a great young lady.'"  Skull quoted.
"Heh.  They're nice."  Jaycie said while biting her lip.
I notice her twisting her hair and I wonder if she was just doing that out of habit or if she was doing that on purpose.  She looked beautiful though.
"You know, I didn't know I knew your parents Chase.  I knew who they are and all because of past events and all, but I never thought that they were your parents."  She said.
"I don't look that similar to my parents that's why.  I apparently look like my grandfather when he was my age.  They showed me a picture and I couldn't tell the difference as much except for the hair.  I got my dark hair from my mom."  I said.
"Wow.  Well that's cool.  Where were you when your parents met us?"  I was thinking I don't think I know.
"When did you meet them?"  I asked.
"When I was 8."  She said.
"Oh."  I started and lied. "I was over at my grandparents when you met them most likely.  I was helping them with a few things so that they could be persuaded to coach my baseball team.  I helped clean their lawn, their house, and their backyard and pool."
"That's so nice of you, yet persuasive of you."  Jaycie said with a smirk.
"Ha ha the team and I really wanted my grandparents as coaches.  So we made a deal and I kept up with the deal."
"Cool deal dude."  Tania said, but something about her made me think that I was lying.  Which I was, but everyone believes the things I say.  I think she is immune from it and when I looked at Jaycie with a smile I knew she was a bit hesitant and knew she probably thought that.
"So, Jaycie.  Why did you miss school today?"  Skull asked.
"My dad and I went to have a free day.  Paul didn't join us, but he skipped school as well for a good reason.  I just don't know why."  She said.
"Here are your waters!"  Clara said.
"Thanks Clara!"  Jaycie said and there were an echo of thank you's.