
Chapter 24
*Jaycie's POV*
"You two are a hit. I can't believe you and those others seem to escape. You know we got your other friend Tally, Tammy, oh wait her names Tania, isn't it?" Talon and I froze.
"You little... Let her go! She has nothing to do with this!" I yelled as I struggled.
"Jaycie stop. She's just trying to get a reaction from you. She wants to know if you've shifted." Talon said cutting me off before I can go on.
I growled as I stopped what I was doing. He's right. She's only trying to get a reaction out of me.  I should know this by now.  They've been trying to get me to shift for a long time now.
"You know, prophecy has it that the so called protector can shift into anything and become anything or anyone."
"You think I care, even if we are that so called protector we wouldn't ever help you." Talon growled himself.
"You seem so confident." She said with a light smile as she raised an eyebrow.
"We would never help you." I gritted out.  "You and your father are narcissistic and despicable."
"So you wouldn't want your mother back then?" Daniella said making me angry.
"Your men killed her. How am I suppose to get her back when she's dead?" I gritted out hatefully.
"Oh, well I guess you all fell for the illusion then. The person in your arms might have smelt and looked like your mother but it wasn't her. You'll be sure when you see her again."
"You're lying! She died in my arms. She... She..." Reminiscing she was right. My mom isn't dead. Looking back, my mom wouldn't say I love you so much or give up easily. Even when she's weak. She always believes we will go home safely. "You faked her death." I murmured.
"What?" Talon said.
"They faked my mom's death." I said. I looked up with my eyes changing and mingling with my wolf eyes. "Where. Is. My. Mother?"
"Don't you worry, we've kept her safe. She's resting." She said.
I growled loudly and she giggled.
"I see you have gotten in touch with your wolf more. Well, we'll see if you'll shift when we get over." She said with a smirk.
Talon grabbed onto my fists and tried to calm me down.
"Jaycie, it's going to be okay. You'll see her soon Jay. We'll get her back soon. I promise. I promise we will get her to safety." His cooing of bringing her back home made me relax a little, but of course, Daniella had to ruin it by getting us upset and a little scrared.
"Don't promise things you can't do now. We have better security and this time ya'll won't be escaping." She said.
"What do you mean by better security?" Talon asked as he scoffed to cover up his true emotion. "You got an extra guy that can do tricks to distract us?"
"Even more than that. You won't be staying at the usual places we use to put you. Don't you worry, you'll be near your mother again. Just a few doors down. I'll make sure of it so that they can let you hear her screams." She said.
My eyes mingled more with my wolf's eyes as I struggled more.
"YOU MONSTERS! HOW COULD YOU DO THIS!?! YOUR HARMING MY MOTHER WHEN I'VE DONE NOTHING! NOTHING AT ALL! I DIDN'T HURT YOUR MOTHER OR KILL HER! I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING TO HER! LET MY MOTHER GO!"
"Oh but you are wrong." She said a little angry. "You and your family did everything."