
Chapter 16
*Paul's POV*
I watched as Jaycie talked to Danny. She brought her hand down for some reason. I was so confused. She told me she didn't like him. I watched her pull her hand back forming it into a fist without him knowing. I watched in shock as she punched him square in the nose. He fell on the floor with surprise written across his face.
"I like to know that I just gave you a bloody nose. Don't call my friend 'babe' also don't talk to me. Your friends knew that I never liked you. Have a bloody nice day." She said with a smile as the whole lot became silent.
"Dang! Jaycie! Did you just?!? Go Jaycie!" Link said as she saw it.
She started to walk over to Tania. I just gaped at my little sister. Tania was staring at her with as much shock as I showed.
"Don't worry. I did your dirty work." She said with a grin.
"Did my little sister just punch Danny? Am I seeing things?" I asked rubbing my eyes.
"Nope. Now lets get to class." Was the last thing I heard her say as the bell rings.
"Paul, I think I am seeing her first punch, got her ready for her first double date, and I most likely will see her first boyfriend! EEEEEE! I CAN'T WAIT!" Tessa said.
"Why don't you two have the day to yourselves? Girls night?" I asked her while holding her hands.
"Really? Are-Are you sure?" She asked me as if I could say no.
"Of course I am sure Tessa. You had always wanted a sister. You could go hangout with her after school. I'll make sure to tell her." I said while kissing Tessa's temple as we went in my class.
"Yay! Thank you, Paul!" She said excitedly. The bell rang as we went to our seats. She and I sat in the back and saw that Chelsea rushed into the class.
"I'm so so sorry I'm late. I got lost." She said apologetically to the teacher.
Mrs. Artemis just smiled.
"That's fine. It can be hectic on your third day." She said understandingly.
"Actually it is my second. I was sick yesterday." Chelsea said as she sat down next to Tessa.
"Oh, well I'm glad you are feeling better." Mrs. Artemis says.
"I'll hurry and get my things to start on the Warm-up, Mrs. Artemis." Chelsea says and that's when Tessa and I stop listening to their conversation and get our stuff.
'Hey, Jaycie?' I asked as I got my notebook and pencil out.
'Yeah, Paul?' She asked hesitantly.
'Don't worry you aren't in trouble. I was just wondering if you can spend the rest of the day with Tessa. She wants to do a sister bonding thing since she only has a brother.' I linked to her.
'Oh! Thank gosh. Of course I'll do that. Ask Dad if we can let her, Chelsea, and hmm Link?....sleepover. Maybe Thalia, Tania, or or or Lydia.... Actually I know Lydia can't Erick is taking her out as well as Tania. Tania is going out with Skull. Link most likely will say no, so Thalia.'
'Okay Jaycie.' I said while chuckling at her.
'Got to go! Mr. Smith caught me dazing as the ball almost hit my face had I not put my gloved hand up. Bye...' She said most likely making a face since she is most likely getting yelled at to pay attention.
'Bye.' I say.
I write a note and hand it to Tessa while Mrs. Artemis looks away. Tessa grabs it and brings it under the table. She reads it and looks super happy. She looks at me with a big smile and looks back at the lesson as class went on. I wonder what happened to Jaycie.