
She was looking at me with so much venom. I didn't know why she was, but she just was. She stopped our conversation by putting gags around our mouths. She then made a cage appear around us and put a force around the cage. I don't know what the force around the cage is for but whatever it is, Talon and I scoot our legs closer to ourselves. The last time we touched one of those we got shocked, forced to another side, zapped to a horrible nightmare, or other things. They really love to torture us.
________________________
*Tania's POV*
I was pacing around. I was concerned and worried. Chase told us to go with Justin to some random house in the forest to meet with Justin's friends and he said that he would bring Talon, Morse, and Jaycie back within 5 minutes. They've been gone nearly an hour and it took us a half an hour to get here, but they should of at least taken 45 minutes not an hour and a half. Skull was here as well and we told Justin to go see if they were coming and Thalia went with them. I hope everything is alright. Speaking of Justin and Thalia they were back and huffing as they were trying to catch their breathe. We gathered around them to see if they were alright.
"Are you two alright?" I asked them.
"We... were.... being .... chased.... People... got..." Justin started to cough up a storm as he was talking and so Skull helped him to the couch as I helped my sister to the couch wondering who was chasing them and what happened.
"Spies..." Thalia started. "Spies were watching.... The-They were watching us and chased us... Before that though... We saw the others.... They were..."
That's when Thalia started to cough and Justin was putting pressure on her, somewhere on her stomach. I then became scared. I uncovered and saw that she was bleeding a little. I didn't even notice! I didn't even smell it! Now I smell it for full force.
"Thalia! What happened?!" I asked as I put some pressure on it.
"I'm fine Tania. I'll heal. You don't have to do that." She said grabbing my hands and taking them off.
I know I shouldn't keep forgetting that, but I do. I nod and let them explain.
"We were waiting for Chase and them when we arrived we saw them being put in a car. When we acted upon it we got a few of them but one of the guys got to the car and started to follow the limo that had Jaycie and Talon. They separated Chase and Morse from them. I don't know why they did it but we fought trying to get them back." Justin said.
"How'd you two get hurt then?" Zack asked. (Zack is supposedly the angel that's watching over Justin.) "Those wounds don't look like they are from wolves or vampires."
"It's because they aren't. Some random people saying they were spies had found us and thought that we did something to their boss and some generals." Thalia said.
That's when Skull froze.
"Boss and some generals? Did they tell you the generals names?" He asked.
"Leon and something else. I didn't want to stay for long and neither did Thalia. We tried running." Justin said.
"That was a bad decision. Let me do something real quick. I won't hurt you guys." He said as he went to his back pack and brought some contraption out.
"What is that?" Ken said. (Ken is another one of Justin's friends and I have no idea what he is. I totally forgot.)
"It won't hurt Justin. Don't you dare use your magic on me either. I swear I will cuff you to the back of my car and drag you as I drive if you do." He said.