
__________________________
*Jaycie's POV*
Detective Beckett had raced inside and slammed my fat file on the table which scared me since I was so focused on Morse's talk.
"How?!?" She asked as she slammed her hand on the table.
That slap resonated a loud bang.
"What? How did I do what? What did I do?" I asked totally surprised.
"How was that man not dead and How did you know?!?" She yelled.
"First of all, calm down. I just saved your friend from being killed. Second, I already told you. I told you I caused the same wounds on the same man and he never died. He knew I was here and he wants me. Third, I told you the only way to kill that douche bag is if you decapitate him."
"How do you know that?" She said still yelling.
My wolf growled as I mentally roll my eyes.
"I know that because I had seen Sam, my old babysitter hold an axe in his arm and strike him right in the throat."
"What happened after that?"
I glowered looking at the table as I leaned back. Looking away I answered.
"The guy killed Sam." I said and teared up once more.
Sam was so nice and I really loved him like he was another brother. He had no siblings and his parents had always doubted everything about him. He was the school's best student, but socially he had me, my brother and a few other people in his grade who was his real friends.
"Can you tell me what Sam was to you?" She had asked, now in a calm manor.
"Sam was like a brother to me. If I could of seen that arrow that the guy shot at him, I would of taken it. I would of pushed him out of the way. I miss him a lot. He was like an older brother that my brother and I could ever ask for." I had a far away look on my face as I remembered his smile and laugh. Oh how I miss him.
"Don't say that." She said softly.
I looked at her with no emotion at all.
"Why not? I have the right to tell the truth. I can say whatever I want to say as long as it relates to the question and it did. Sam was like a brother and I would of taken his place if it meant he could live. I would of taken Ms. Irene's place as well as my own mothers place. They would all be alive had I killed that man. They would all be alive if those other cops had held him in jail longer. They would all be alive if I didn't get kidnapped and if the man, who ever he is, didn't go after me time-after-time." I said.
After that was said someone burst through the door.
"SHE WILL NOT SAY ANYTHING ELSE!" Paul said.
I looked at him like he was stupid which he was. Then someone who looked close to Sam came in.
"Paul! Lower your voice and knock it off. I'm sorry for the intrussion Detective..."
"Beckett."
"Yes, like I was saying I am sorry for the intrussion Detective Beckett. We're just hear for Jaycie, Morse, Justin, Chasten, Lakyn, and Chase." He replied and he sounded Australian.
"Wow. Who said we were here for Chase? I never did." Paul said.
"Paul, stop being rude." I said.
"I will not. He doesn't get to touch you at all. He doesn't get to draapppe his arm over you nor does he get to hold your hand. Otherwise I will bite his arm off." Paul said.