
We had looked all over and laughed throughout the whole time. We had gotten off track most of the time. We had a great time. When we found them it was the time when we went to the food court. I had paid for everyone's meal. Of course my sister had to blab and say I never paid for anyone but myself and family, then Chase. My sister was kind of shocked."
"Wait a minute, wait a minute!" Chase said cutting him off. "You paid for their food off the bat? After you just met them?"
"Yeah."
"That's so not cool! You had finally paid for my food after three to four years of knowing one another!"
"Is someone jealous? Awee looks like Chasey, Wasey is jewwy." Tania said in a baby voice.
"Jealous? Psshhh. That's like asking if..."
"Yikes! Eeppp!" I had jumped from being scared of the hand that had rested on me. I had been so focused on listening and glaring Skull down I hadn't noticed anyone come over. I had jumped farther back off of my chair that I was now on the floor. My legs were still on the chair, but my butt was stinging from landing on it.
"JAYCIE! Oh my goodness! I'm sorry! If I'd known you were going to get scared and fall out of your seat I would of announced my arrival." Paul said.
"Help me up, would ya?" I asked him.
He did as well as Justin and Chase.
"You alright?" An unknown voice said.
"I'm fine." I said dusting off the nonexistent dust off of me. Looking up I noticed one was an Alpha and a Beta. I looked at the Alpha and Beta and smiled. "Hello! I'm Jaycie Everheart! Please excuse my jumpiness. I was just intently listening in the conversation I was having with my friends. It's nice to meet you, umm..."
"Jaycie, this is Tessa, Chasten, Lakyn, and Chelsea. They are here to visit."
"Hey! Chasten! I didn't think I'd see you for a while!" Justin said.
"Ehhh! Justin! I forgot you lived here!" Chasten said as Justin got up and gave him a hand shake and a bro hug.
"How do you two know one another? Do you guys have any relations?" I asked.
"Yeah! My older sister knows his brother. They are together in college, they actually go to the same college. They met there. Then they had came over to get us and we went to Chasten's for a week." Justin said.
"That was fun dude! Hey, do you know if we are going to do that next year?"
"No, but we should!"
"Haha, yeah. Anyways, Jaycie, Morse, Can you guys come with me to my locker?"
"They sure can, as long as Lakyn and I can. We have a few things to tell ya and ask."
"Yeah, especially the disaster that happened last time you visited. Oh, and if I remember properly it was you that did it." Lakyn said.
"Right so Tania and y'all stay here. We won't take long." Justin said scooting us farther and farther away from him.
"But class is going to start soon!" Thalia said with a frown.
"Thalia we have 20 minutes. We'll be back in 5." I said.
"Can't going to his locker wait?" Paul asked with a frown.
"I'll be back soon. I promise." I said.
I went back over to him and hugged him. I gave him a smile and nodded. We went outside of the cafeteria then with me waving one last time to them.