
"What are you getting at?" I asked.
"I'm just asking how you would hurt me. It's not a crime to pick you up."
"It so is! You know I don't like being picked up." I said as he sat down putting me on his lap.
"You seemed perfectly fine with it." He said to me.
"I was not. I just trust you to not drop me." I said as I kept my arms around him.
"Mhmm." He said making me turn red as he was staring at me. He was leaning in and I was going to as well but someone stuffed food in between our faces.
"You called me, I do not want to see you kissing. Now what do you two want?" Skull asked.
"Chase is jealous isn't he?" I asked and he blinked.
"I don't know what did he do?" Skull asked as Chase scoffed.
"I am not jealous. I can't state that we are together?"
"Chase is jealous. I heard what went on outside. He was jealous. Why was he jealous? I have no idea." Skull said and walked off.
"I knew it. Don't get jealous of Nick. If you do then..."
"Then what? What's going on?" Tania asked.
"Nothing." I said as I stood up. "I want food."
I went to the kitchen and decided to make my plate as I went outside as I saw my mom talking to Nick.
"Again, how did you meet my daughter?" Mom asked not noticing I was outside now.
"I met her through Jack. She and I became really good friends. We also..." I covered his mouth and said.
"We also did go to a lot of movies with Jack and a few other friends of theirs it was that month where I was stuck at Jack's." I said to my mom as I uncovered Nick's mouth. "It might have been longer, I don't remember."
"Oh so you met her during her stay at Jack's. Jack, how did my daughter behave while she was there?"
"Oh, she was an angel from..." Jack would have gone on until his sister 'zipped' his lips.
"Jack, don't you diss Jaycie. Sorry, Miss Everheart, he tends to make fun of Jaycie. I am Olivia, Jack's sister. Jack, Mom, Dad and I are mad at you."
"Why? What did he do this time?" Nick asked.
"He hadn't came home for 4 days now! What is wrong with you?" Olivia asked in a pose that said 'You better tell me right now or I will kick your butt all the way to next year if you are lucky enough.'
"He hadn't came home on my part Olivia. I'm sorry. I told him to call home, but I guess he never did." I said covering for him.
"Jaycie, I love you, but don't lie for my brother. I know what he's been upto. I've heard almost everything. Yes I know he helped save you, your new boyfriend, Talon and some guy named Morse, but while we are glad about that he hadn't came home for days. You have got some explaining." She said.
Morse came out and started to speak.
"Someone call my name?" Morse asked and looked at Olivia and had wide eyes. "Oh crap."
Olivia spun around then and let me tell ya, she didn't look too happy.
__________________________
*Morse's POV*
"Someone call my name?" I asked once I got outside to only freeze when I saw that girl. My eyes practically bugged out of my head. "Oh crap."