
Chapter 22
*Jaycie's POV*
~Recap~
"Who did you date before me?" He asked.
"Shhh... Paul doesn't know. He's been dying to know ever since I told him I have dated people without him or Dad knowing. Dad found out as well, but my mom knew." I said with a reminescent smile. "My mom and I would always sneak off and go to our favorite diner across town to get milkshakes and talk about it. It was so much fun. I felt as if it was just me and a friend sneaking out and having fun talking about our boyfriends and ex's even though my dad and her were married she talked about him and her ex boyfriends. It was always thrilling to hear about her stories of her youth. It seemed so much better than my life at the time. I was actually pretty jealous, but then I remembered what I had and what she didn't have when she was younger."
"What was that?" He asked just making me look up at him with a bigger smile.
"It was a happy family." I responded.
He looked at me surprised.
"What do you mean by that?"
"I mean that she and her parents didn't get along well. Her mom and her had a terrible relationship as her mom was always at work and coming home late. Her Dad was also a workaholic. All she had was her brother and sister. My mom said that she had brought a bad name to her family on purpose in her neighborhood and a little bit between her pack. Her brother and sister tried to knock sense into her, but nothing happened." I said.
"What about school?" He asked as he was actually quite interested. "How did she become a teacher?"
"School is where she put her bad rep out there. The only thing is that she exceled in school. My mom said that she was surprised since she thought she failed everything. She had a care free mood for everything. Whenever her grades came in she would look first since she gathered the mail. She would copy the format and everything perfectly, only she changed her grades to look like crap for her parents and she would always stay away for weeks on end by staying at the pack house. Her Luna loved her a lot. My mom would secretly stay with the Luna because she didn't want to give the Luna a bad name only her parents." I said
"Why? Was it because they were workaholics?" He asked.
"Yeah it was. Mom had told me that they use to make a lot of time for them until they got more phone calls with their job and so they dedicated their lives to their job instead of their kids. That's why my mom pulled the stunts. She told me billions of stories and I listened to every story. She just didn't tell me a few." I said as I look at my window sill.
"Hey, if you don't want to talk about this then we don't have to." He said. "You still have to tell me a moment you were jealous. You could even tell me who you have dated while you are at it."
I looked at him and hit him with a pillow.
"Just so you could kill them? I think not, plus Xander and Paul can hear me from here." I said.
"Hey I wasn't going to kill all of them. Just say them Paul and Xander can help me take care of them."
"No, I don't want any of my still guyfriends to become dead."
"Come on, why not?" He asked me.
"You'd be really surprised at who I dated." I said with a wicked grin.
"Seriously?"
"Oh yeah, I may be innocent most of the time, but you will totally be asking me if I am a virgin." I said.
"You are. You still are, right?" He asked.