
Heyzzzz!!!!
It's meeehhhhh!  So I just wanted to say that I will be gone for a week and so I will be trying to upload another chapter, but if you don't see another chapter I am super duper sorry!  :(  It's just that I am going on a trip and I'll be going skiing on the 28th which is realllll soooon! Like two days and if your not counting today then one more day.  I still have to finish packing and well I will try to do my best.  I will have my iPod with me on the bus ride, but then when I get to my destination it will be taken from me.  Yeah it isn't a family trip.  I am going with Club Beyond to Austria!
I wanted to go last year, but I was new to the program so I didn't sign up and goesssss, so yeah. Also I hope yall had a great Christmas!!!!!!!  Even though it is past Christmas I want to wish you a Merry Christmas and since I won't be able to say Happy New Years, I'll say it now. HHHHHAAAAPPPPPPPPPPPYYY!HHHHHHAAAAAPPPPPPPPPPPPYYYYYY NEEEEEWWWW YYYYYYEEEEAAAAAARRRRRRRSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!  ^_^  Also what I think is the best about New Years is the Sparkling Cider.  The Fireworks are good too, but I love to drink Sparkling Cider!
Also if you read my other story a.k.a. My Life As a Hybrid Princess.  Than this goes for that also!  I am legitimately soooooorrrrryyyyyyyyy!
Also if you haven't read the book that goes before this then it's called My Life Is A Lie?  Go read it!
Also in any of my books if I need to improve it some how please tellzzz me!  It would be Greatly Appreciated by me and maybe even by other readers!
So yeah just wanted to let you know.  I also hope that you guys have an awesome break! So Shaka to all ya!  Thumbs up, Wave, Smile, and all that other nice greetings people do like saying "Hey Dude!!!"  And if your those types of girls that don't like being called Dude (FYI I don't care if I am called that and most people that I know don't care as well, but if you are) "Hey Dudettes!!!"  Also to not be disrespectful to any adults "Hello Mister" or "Hello Miss(es)" Just to be respectful to the adults out there.
ANY WHORE!  I want to apologize for my updates and how there is no pattern to them AT ALL.  I mainly update whenever I really want to and whenever I get to.  I had actually been able to access Wattpad in school last year and I had actually done it once this year.  SHHHHHHH!!!!  My teachers and any one don't need to know that like the people who block the sites, but they might already, but they haven't blocked it at all from what I know at least.
OKAY!  I'm done.
So to any of my books:
COMMENT
VOTE
AND MOST OF ALL
READ IT!!!