
"Out of my 18 years of living that was the most scarring of them all." I said.
Blake nodded.
"Shut up Derrick." My Dad said. "It's not like you just saw us doing anything bad."
I looked at him with wide eyes.
"You two were practically sucking each others faces off Dad! It's not bad, that's disgusting and the most scarring thing I've ever seen!"
Daniel came in that moment and saw Blake and I hunching over.
"I'm going to wash my eyes out." Blake shuddered. "I never even seen my parents do that! It's like seeing your brothers adoptive parents doing that. Ughh! I'm done!" He said running out.
Daniel stood there looking at me then to my parents then at the door where Blake ran through.
"I'm not going to ask. I don't think I want to know what Mrs. and Mr. Everheart were doing." Daniel said looking at my hunched over position.
I shook my head while my parents laughed.
We got out of the kitchen and looked for Blake. We found him in the bathroom washing and scrubbing his face. We got him out and I told them to come back up stairs. We went upstairs and I threw the clothes I was going to use in the bathroom and I grabbed a towel and took a quick shower. I dried off and changed. Coming out after I brushed my teeth we went downstairs. I saw it was 11:00.
"Lets get going." Blake said not even going to the kitchen again.
"Bye Mom and Dad." I yelled with an amused look at Blake and he just hurried out.
We went to the house and was there in 30 min. Since they actually needed us to get a few things since Daniel and Blake were with Kim and Paige they volunteered to do it. I was apart of it since they didn't want to drop me off first.
We brought the drinks in along with the streamers. We also brought Kim's present over from Blake's. We all went shopping yesterday for her presents. Daniel just went with us. He said he already had a gift. I had gotten him on the side and told him to tell me and he did. I was surprised at what he was going to gift her with. I smiled at him and knew that she'd like it, but anyways we were here.
I saw Bethany having trouble with putting something up. So I went over and I helped her up and she did it. She smiled then frowned. She felt her sides as I put her down. She felt my hands and noticed that she was on the floor. I pulled my hands back and she turned and saw me. I smiled.
"I thought you needed some help." I said and she smiled gratefully.
"Oh, thank you so much Derrick! I was having a little trouble. I just need to grow one more inch and I could've made it." She said looking up at it.
"Your perfect how you are Bethany." I said to her and she looked at me surprised.
That was actually the first time I called her Bethany. When I met her I had called her Beth right off the bat. She had looked at me weirdly and said her name was Bethany and that I was close.  I told her that I knew that and she just accepted that she was going to be called Beth.  I remember that day like it was today.  The party had started while we were just starring at each other.  We had been so close to kissing until Daniel had gotten us.  He had Beth whacking him for scaring her and me glaring at him because he interrupted.
"Come on you two!  We are going to party until we are unconscious!"  He said.
I laughed after that.