
Chapter 29
*Chase's POV*
I called my mom with a smile on my face. The phone rang for only two seconds before she answered.
"Chase! Are you alright?!? Is Jaycie alright? Did something bad happen?!? Did you get hurt?!?" My mom practically exploded over the phone until someone else grabbed it from her.
"Hey Chase. What she is trying to ask is, are you or Jaycie hurt in anyway?" Dad asked.
"Jaycie and I are fine. Jaycie's family is reunited. Mrs. Everheart is alive. They had faked Mrs. Everheart's death." I said with a grin to only have my dad yell out.
"Mrs. Everheart is alive!?! That's amazing!" Dad yelled then I felt the phone be snatched from his hand.
"Chase, it's Leon. Is Thalia and Tania okay?" He asked.
"Yes sir they are, but how do you know them?" I asked.
"They are my daughters." He answered.
"Dad! There you are!" I heard Thalia's voice.
"May you please put Thalia on the phone sir?" I asked.
"Thalia, Chase would like to talk to you." General Leon said.
"Hey Chase, who's phone is this?"
"It's my mom's. You never told me General Leon was your father!"
"Should I have? I mean if you wanted to meet him then you could have. Wait, how do you know my dad is a general?"
"I work with him." I answered.
"You're a spy! Why didn't you tell me?!?"
"Hey dork face, would you hurry up and ask your mom and leave Thalia alone?" Tania said.
"Hey! I'm not a dork face! Give the phone to Skull." I said.
"Fine." She answered and gave the phone to him.
"What is it that you want so that Jaycie can go to sleep?" Skull asked.
"You didn't tell me General Esperon is your dad! You are an asshole! Also you changed your name? We so need to talk dude."
"Oh why, I'm so sorry Chase, but I don't think I can ruin my cover at school or over the phone. I'm sorry, okay not really. Plus my real name is lame. It's lamer than Chase. Haha, but not as fun to make nicknames or phrases that will annoy you. Anyway here's your mom, hurry up and ask them and stop being so damn nervous. I can hear it over the phone." He said making me fidget a little as he noticed my nervous tendency of changing the subject.
"What do you have to ask me?" My mom asked very confused.
"Well, Mrs. Everheart asked me if I wanted to sleep over..." I said and she was silent.
"She's asking you to sleep over?" My mom asked disbelieving.
"Yeah... It's just that Jaycie seemed a bit sad. You see Paul has Tessa, Alexander has Kiara, and she just found her sister and even her older sister has someone to be with. The only one that wouldn't is Jaycie. Look, Mom, I knew this was a long shot and honestly I do want to do this. I want to be with Jaycie not only to be with her, but to protect her. I won't do anything or think of this as an opportunity for myself. I just want to be with her." I said and I was going to ramble on about how it's my job to protect her, but she stopped me.
"Yes Chase."
"What?" I asked surprised as heck.
"I said yes now stop making her wait, she must be exhausted. Good night and please son, do not make me regret this." She said making my face light up.