
"Are you alright?" He asked me.
I shook my head no.  I had grabbed him tightly and hugged him. I clutched onto him as I sobbed and sobbed. He hugged me as I cried.  I was sobbing and it hurt to breathe and I noticed that I had bit my tongue a bit to painfully.  It was bleeding on the left side and mixing blood with my spit.
"Jaycie! James! What happened? Who was that?!?" Paul asked meaning the man most likely. I didn't get a good look so I couldn't say who it was.  I continued to just cry on and on, ruining James shirt no doubt.
"That was the man that wants the girls. He also wants me and someone else..." James said trailing off.
"Who does he want beside you, Danny, and Jay?" Paul asks.  James stayed silent only gripping onto me just a bit tighter.  "James!"
"He wants Chase."  He sighed out.  I was aware that he said that after Daniella started to talk.
"Don't worry about the people. I made sure that they had saw you get up and leave and when you were coming back that you fell on your face and hurt your nose at it is bleeding." Daniella said.
I gasped at the pain that I now notice in my wobbly legs. I pulled my pants leg up and saw the burns I gained along with bruises at the force it had hit me and by my tugging. My palms were red and I saw that there was blood. My hands weren't hurt, but it must be my nose or from my tongue.
"Jaycie! Sweetie, are you okay?" Mom asked but then Dad picked me up.
"Sir, I took the liberty to call the police. The ambulance is coming." A woman said.
"Thank you so much."
The police station and hospital weren't that far from the mall so we heard the ambulance from here. I started to cry harder and shake my head even if it hurt.
"N-no!  Da-Da-Daddy, pah-pah-please!!  No!  I don't," I hiccuped as I shook my head no, "wanna go to the hospital!  Please!  No!"  I cried as he held me.  He looked at me in one of the saddest ways I've ever seen.
"I know baby, I'm so sorry...  Everything is going to be okay.  Shhh, you need to calm down and breathe.  There you go, slowly breathe, deep breathes."  Dad said as I tried to do as he said.
"Come on Jaycie, it's going to be alright."  Mr. Shane said as my dad was giving me to him.
"No, Dad, please don't leave me!  Mom, Dad, please..."  I sobbed crying again as I reached out to my dad.  Mr. Shane continued to walk but I tried to get out of his grasp.  "No, Daddy, please..."  I cried and he had grabbed my hand going on Mr. Shane's right side.  He held it as I cried but I brought my hand up still gripping his hand.  I wanted to go back to him.  He noticed it as I fidgeted in Mr. Shane's arms.
"Let me hold her."  Dad said in a hoarse voice.  Mr. Shane nodded and did hand me over.  I held onto my dad as he took me to the Ambulance.  Dad lied me on the bed as Mom told the others to drive the cars to the hospital.
Mom and Dad came over automatically and stayed by my side.  They took the ride with me as the paramedics cleaned my nose and saw my legs were getting a bit swollen.  Mr. Shane is our pack doctor with his in training pack doctor being Lane Dawson, his son.  Lane had frowned at my legs as his father cleaned my nose.  Mom held my hand as this happened and Dad was frowning at my legs as well.
"Jaycie, what really happened?"  Lane asked.