
"Yes ma'am. I love you Mom." I said.
"I love you too, Chase." She said before I hung up.
I turned around to only be surprised to see Mr. Everheart leaning against the wall to the first room. He was smiling, but how the hell did he get there! I didn't hear him.
"Well, I see you got permission." He said and I nodded.
"Before you go up, may we talk?" He asked.
"Yes, we can sir." I responded.
"No need for formalities Chase just call me Derrick." He said making me nod again as he told me to sit. "I am going to be like almost every father out there, but you touch her in a way she doesn't approve or if I hear one thing then I will go in there and kill you. Is that part understood?"
"Yes, I understand." Before I could go on he went on.
"I also over heard your conversation with Talon and the others." He said. "I want to know how long you've been protecting my daughter."
I sat there and put my hand behind my neck.
"Honestly, I'd make sure that she was okay everyday. We didn't talk much, but I don't know what it was about her I just needed to know. I remembered her from somewhere. I got to know her over the years. I've had to do spy training since I was a kid. I asked to do it. I've honestly fought two or three guys to leave her alone." I confessed coughing at the end.
He looked at me surprised.
"You got into fights over her?" He asked.
"Two out of the three of them deserved the punches I threw at them."
"Who were they and why did they deserve it?" He asked.
"One was a guy named Will. Jaycie doesn't know him. He was an old friend of mine. We were at a starbucks when Jaycie and her friends came in. She was there laughing as Will and I were talking with Skull. Skull and I were there with Will because we had been good friends, but that day just ruined it. He had been rating how girls looked and guessing how they were in you know. We asked him a bunch of times to cut it out. When it came to Thalia, Tania, and Jaycie is when it went over board. When he talked about Thalia, Skull told him to shut up. When it came to Tania he almost jumped over the table. When it came to Jaycie, I got up and grabbed him. Justin and Morse did come over with a few other friends of theirs. I told Will 'If you want to live then you will shut the hell up.' he pushed me away and straightened himself. He only replied with 'I see you like her, but you know I think you could always just find better. There are more bitches around this place that would willingly be with you and you know it.' I tripped him and started to punch him. Justin and Skull got us. The owner kicked Will out and said I could stay as he understood why I did it. I apologized and decided to leave anyway."
"What about the other one that deserved it?" He asked me.
I was a bit hesitant on whether I should tell, but I answered him.
"It was with a guy frome school. We were at P.E. when this happened. Jaycie was walking away from someone who she didn't want to be next to when the guy slapped her butt. I walked up to him and punched him. Needless to say it was only him that got detention." I said.
He looked at me curiously.
"You like my daughter a lot, don't you?"
I nodded my head. "I do." I said as I looked at a picture of her across the room. "She means the world to me."