
"Why? You are putting your gun down. Why? Do you trust me that well?  Also what case?  I was never acknowledged that someone was opening up a case about something I was a part of.  I am pretty sure I am not dead either because you are a homicide detective." I asked as my hands were slowly going down with confusion and plus I was being lazy.
"I don't think you would hurt me, Officer Brody or Detective Watt. I think that you will come with us in your best interest to see what we know and to see where on your case we have been in and what we have found."
"My case?" I asked. "Are you saying you've been digging into my life? Behind my back? Gosh detective. I thought you were done with it since no one was killed at the school."
"You're right no one was killed at the school." She said as she started to come towards me and grab my arm as she led me to a car. Even though I was trying to make her let me go she went on. "But a whole bunch of people were killed while you were gone and they were with you."
"Let me go. You can't just take me to the station. You don't have anything against me. Plus I didn't mean for any of those murders to happen around me or because of me.  It's not like I intentionally did it.  I can't control what will happen." I said as she put me in the car.
"Actually I can. It will be in your best interest for it like I said earlier and I have many things to tell you." She said.
I sat there, knowing I couldn't open the door, until they were all in the car.  They started the car and started to head to the station. Then Officer Brody started to read me my rights. Are they seriously doing this? I just shook my head and turned away from him crossing my arms.  I didn't have to listen to him.  Plus they can't just take me in!  They don't have a warrant.  Or do they?  No they most likely don't.  Plus doesn't a person under 18 need an adult with them?  Probably not.  I mean I could if I wanted to but I don't want to talk to them about that.  I was taken inside the police station and went upstairs.  They took me to the interrogation room and I sat down.  Officer Brody sat on the other side with Detective Watt and Detective Beckett sat next to me.
"You don't know what you guys just got yourselves involved in." I said to them. "Sadly I can't really help you either as I don't even know what I am in."
"How do you even not know what you are in?" She asked.
"I don't know because many things has happened throughout the years and I can't remember a whole lot because of the beatings I get that I don't remember much." I said leaning on the table.
"What have they done to you?"
I stayed silent and turned away as I was uncomfortable with that question.  So she asked a different question.
"Jaycie, how many times have you been kidnapped?"
"I've answered that before."  I responded.
"Well, why don't you tell me again?  I don't remember what you said."  She said.
"Well, that sucks.  Also I don't have to if I don't want to."
"Why don't you want to answer?"
"Because I don't want to.  Because Officer Brody knows my family and thinks we are a good family and we are, but just because of my many kidnappings doesn't mean that my parents are terrible at taking care of me its hard.  The people take me out of no where.  We would be protected by many people and they would still get me.  It isn't their fault.  These people are good at getting what they want and if they want me then they will come and get me.  It's hard to explain how they even do it."  I say with a frown.