
Chapter 12
*Jaycie's POV*
"Where are you taking me, Daddy?" I asked with excitement.
I was looking around as we passed by stores and a few houses here and there. Everything was going by slowly as I looked at it. Dad was most likely only going at 9 or something.
"For now the mall. We'll go around a few stores. I heard that there was a dance in a few days so I made Paul buy you and himself a ticket. It's going to be your 2nd homecoming dance. I know you don't like dances and dresses, but I want to let you have some fun." Dad said.
"I guess I'll go. At least can I have flats or new converse boots?" I asked facing him with a look of hope.
He chuckled.
"Maybe. It all depends what dress." He says.
I sat back making one of my weird looking curious faces. It's not entirely my fault that they are weird looking just to let you know. It just happens. Anyways! I think about a dress. What kind of dress do I want?
We make it to the mall in 30 seconds. Well, we do live pretty close to the mall. We climb out of the car and head in. Dad heads to the grocery store to get us some snacks before we go. He got us some gatorade and gummies that are of Scooby-Doo!!! Another reason I love my dad. He knows me so well.
I automatically grabbed gushers and fruit roll-ups as well. He grinned. That means he approves. I smiled a big smile and we bought it. It's a good thing I did bring my backpack. I hate how I don't have pockets so I always bring a backpack. I hate purses with a deep passion if you were wondering why I don't have a purse. We stuffed the food in my bag after Dad paid and we went to the walkway to look at what stores there are.
We saw one store that had something and we went into Forever 21. We looked at their dresses. Dad and I didn't like the dresses. One, Dad didn't like how short they were and two, I didn't think it was a good dress for the theme. They didn't have any blue dresses.The theme was night under the stars.
"Jaycie, what store do you want to try next?" Dad asks then puts gummies into his mouth. I did the same as I looked around. I went to this one store I didn't even look at the store name as Dad and I went in. We looked around a little, but I just looked through the racks aimlessly.
"Hello, I am Misty. May I help you with anything?" A lady asked.
I looked up and smiled a shy smile. She, of course, had a smile as well. She had bright blue eyes. Her light brown hair was half up and half down. The hair that was down was curled while the rest was put into a braid. Her light skin was clear of blemishes and pimples. It glowed with a happy tint as well. She was wearing black and white converse with black skinny jeans. Her shirt was a nice blue that brought out her light blue eyes.
"Yes, you can help us." My dad replied for me. "We are looking for a dress for her homecoming dance. The theme is 'Night under the Stars.' Do you have any suggestions?"
She smiled.
"I think I have a dress that would be great for that theme. Why don't you follow me to the dressing rooms and I'll go to the back and get the dresses." Misty replied.
"Alright. Thank you." Dad replied.
We walked away and I waited.
"Jaycie. You know you are going to have to get use to talking to people right?" Dad asked with an amused face as he raised his eyebrow at me.
"Yeah I know Dad. Don't judge that I am still shy. I'll get rid of it soon." I replied.