
"Well are the two ladies ready to go out for fun?"  Skull asked.
"I still feel forced into this."  I say jokingly as Tania had nodded while saying a 'yes'.
She looked back at me with a grin.
"Good.  I'm kidnapping you and Skull is kidnapping Chase so that you may go to this date.  Be bad and you'll both be in a world of pain."  She said with her ever growing grin and I burst out laughing as Skull rolled his eyes and starts to back out of my driveway.
We leave and it looks like we were about to go to Chasten's territory, but we turned before we could and I sighed out a relieved sigh.
"What's wrong Jaycie?"  Chase asked.
"Oh nothing, thought I forgot my bag, but I remember I have it in my hands.  Got scared there for a sec."  I said with a smile.
'Liar.  Don't worry even if we do go on Chasten's land then we are fine.  We have permission.'  Tania said in my head.
'Hey I can't tell him, 'Oh, it's nothing.  I just thought that we were going to pass onto another werewolf territory and get me in huge trouble.'  I can't tell him that.  He's-.'
'I know what he is, but you'll be surprised what he knows.'  She said.
I became confused, but I pushed it to the side.  I sat back and my hand came in contact with something and I turned to see that it was Chase's hand.
"Oh, I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to hit your hand."  I say.
He just smiles an amazing smile and says, "It's fine."
Then he turns back to the window only he had a smile.  I looked at him and smiled myself as I looked out my window as well.  I felt something touch my hand and I knew it was his hand as his hand held mine.  I couldn't help but smile an even bigger smile and blush a bit.  I scooted over to him and sat in the middle.  He held onto me throughout the ride and I just looked out and about as we talked to one another.  It felt so great to actually be held by him.  I was at peace and so was my wolf.  Soon enough Tania and Skull joined in to the conversation as we finally made it to the restaurant.
__________________________
*Chase's POV*
I was totally confused as we went to the restaurant.  One thing being that we were right in front of my families restaurant.  I looked at Skull and he only grinned.
"Oh wow!  Why didn't you guys tell me that we were going to be eating here?  I like this place a whole lot."  Jaycie said.
"You've eaten here?"  I asked her.
"Yeah.  Tania, Thalia, Jaren, Morse, Talon, Link and I came her to eat over the summer and spring after softball at times.  We heard about this place and decided to eat here.  It was super good."  She said.
"Well, I'll let my family know that you like it here.  They would like to know that they do a great job while I'm not there."  I said with a grin.
"This is your families restaurant?"  She asked as we went in I nodded and we waited at the door.
"Hello!  What may, Oh.  Come right this way."  My sister said with a big bright smile.
"Thank you Clara."  Tania and Skull said at the same time.  I swear that freaks me out whenever that happens.
"Tania and Skull.  I swear you two know that I don't like that."  Jaycie said with an involuntary shiver.