
"I'll think about it."  He replied.
We had bought quite a few dresses and accessories for me.  Also shoes.  I didn't want to shop for make-up, but Luna said I should and she bought me some and picked it all out.  Only problem, I don't know how to apply make-up.  Also give me a break.  I've been kidnapped quite a few times and I never bothered with it since I liked how I looked.
I stuffed my face with the food Dad bought me automatically since I was starving.  Okay maybe I am even a tomboy.  I don't care though.  People also say that I'm not a full tomboy, but I am no where near being a girly girl.  I'm glad about that though.  Most girly girls I met wore belts as skirts and shirts.  I also got dirty looks from them though.  Especially when I first came to the school.
Putting those thoughts on the side though I continue to inhale/stuff my face with my food.  I then drink my soda.  A Dr. Pepper of course.  I finished with in 5 minutes.  Dad and I left then and put my stuff away at home as I was finished for the whole day.  I was about to say that I was going to go to sleep when we hear a giggle.  We look at each other and then we hear a full out laugh.
"Knock it off Alex!"  Kiara laughed.
"Nope!  Tell me!  Other wise you're not going to be going anywhere!  You're going to be out of breathe if you don't tell me!"  He yelled.
We were upstairs looking into his room and saw that he was tickling her.
"St-st-stopppp!  It hurts!"  Kiara laughed as he continued to tickle her.  He stopped.
"Tell me, have you or have you not."  He said.
"Alright, alright.  I haven't."  She said as she tried to sober up.
I opened the door with a grin.  They looked at me and saw that I see the scene.  Alexander was straddling Kiara.  She was pinned after she had been tickled and they didn't know that I was there until I opened the door with an ever so prominent smirk.
"What's going on here?"  I asked.
They looked at each other and separated from one another.
"Nothing!"  They both said quickly and I can hear Dad burst out laughing from his room.
"Nothing sounds like something."  I said and wiggled my eyebrows at them.
"Jaycie!"  They screamed and started to throw pillows at me.
I ran out laughing as both their faces had been red and I just continued to laugh.  I went in my room and shut my door.  I chuckled at them as I went to do my homework.  Good news was that I was almost done with all my work, my brothers found their mates and I am feeling better along with Dad.
"This day can't get any better."