
"Who are they and how many times have they taken you Jaycie?"  Officer Brody asked as he pulled his chair onto the other side to sit next to me.
"I don't know who they are."  I said with a sigh.  "No one besides the people who are a part of it knows who they are.  The only thing that we can identify them with is the sticker that they made.  Their symbol is the only way we can identify them by."
"Jaycie, how many times have you been taken sweet heart?"  Another cop came in and I knew him because he was one of my fathers friends who is a human.
"I'm sorry,..."
"Officer Tanner!"  I said as I went to him and hugged him.
"Hey Jaycie.  It's nice to see you to.  What is this about?  What are you doing with Officer Everhearts daughter?"  He asked.
"They are asking about the many times I have been taken and they are trying to solve it and get rid of the people but you and I both know it isn't safe for them as well."  I said.
"Jaycie is right.  I almost lost my partner for it.  I already lost my partners wife because of it."  He said.
"You are Officer Everhearts partner?"  Detective Watt asked.
"Yes I am.  Also was this case authorized to you by...
That's when Mrs. O'Neil came in and saw me and Officer Tanner.  She also saw Detective Watt, Detective Beckett and Officer Brody.
"Don't answer any more questions Jaycie.  Tanner I thought I told you to come in and get her out." Mrs. O'Neil said.
"Mrs. O'Neil? How'd you know I was here?" I asked.
"I have connections from very high positions and they heard about it by someone calling them. Now come with me and Officer Tanner, Jaycie."
"I'm sorry, but we are..."
"I know what you are doing Detective Watt and Detective Beckett. You are asking questions on a case that isn't yours nor mine. You don't have any authority." Mrs. O'Neil said.
"And what authority do you have?" Detective Beckett asked as we were heading out.  She sounded pretty pissed.
"Detective just..."  I started to only stop when glass broke.
I turned only to feel an immense pain in my leg.  I fell to the ground making sure I didn't land on my face and landed on my arms.  I turned over and saw blood from my leg. I was purely shocked.  I started to try and get behind something without lifting my leg.
"GET DOWN!" Detective Watt and Detective Beckett both shouted.
I was pulled to the side and I bit my lip as it hurt my leg. I looked to see who pulled me and saw Chase. I hugged onto him and he hugged me to him as I tried to stifle the tears.  My leg hurt a lot from that gunshot.  It didn't hit my shin thank goodness, but my goodness!  This is my first time in a long time being shot at.
"You're going to be alright, I promise. I'll never let you out of my sight again. I'm so sorry. I'm so so sorry." He says and then said sweet things to me and said how he would take care of me.  I just hugged onto him and when they were getting people over there the walkie talkie went off and they said no one is there any more.  Then the paramedics came in and come near me to get me on the stretcher only I shake my head.
"No. No I don't want to go to the hospital. Chase tell them not to come near me please."  I begged