
That's when Talon and I winced.
"Get in the car." I said to Talon and he nodded.
Morse was first and then it was Talon and I sat in the front. Once we were in the car I had to ask.
"How'd you know that name?"
"I'm a spy. He worked for the generals that asked for help from my head director who is my mom. I found out who is a part of it and I found out why you two have been getting kidnapped. It's because it was prophesied that a child born of any specie may be chosen to rule over the kingdom of not only one but all. They also said that the person will be loved by all and that prophesy was suppose to happen when you guys were born. It doesn't give any description but it tells that the person who saw it will see the prophesy kid. It is also said that the kid will bring peace upon all the lands and make the human race be kind to the supernatural world. They will also remove all the evil in time and will have help of their chosen warriors and of the mightiest one of all. No one knows the rest though knowing who the mightiest one of them all is." He said.
"Why us though? We didn't even know about this." Talon said.
"Another connection you all had was that your family line consisted of not only one specie but almost all. I had to go around and find out who was all your family from now all the way back. I had help from a friend of mine who knew a magician who owed them big time."
"That's cool and uncool. What about Morse?"
"Morse only had werewolves and a few others not all."
"What about Thalia, Justin, Tania, and Skull?"
"Thalia and Tania were close. Justin I saw he had a lot of them but I don't think that they were able to actually get him because of the magician and angel watching over him. They also wish to remain un named. Justin doesn't know they want him too, but that's where we are going. We are going to Justin's meeting house. It's where the magician and angel meet him."
I was about to ask more even though he didn't tell me about Skull yet but we were hit. He gained control and started to drive again. He hit a button and something clattered out of the back of the car. I was not liking this. Some thing whacked my window making me jump and look to see that they were trying to break the window to get to me. I hadn't liked that.
"Move back Jaycie." Chase said as a gun came out of the middle and the window rolled down. As soon as he tried to reach in he was shot at. He flew to the side and the window was back up.
"Dude this car is awesome!" Talon said. "Where did you get it?"
"Over where I worked as a spy."
"Were you watching me? Was your assignment to gain information from me?" I asked him.
"Jaycie." Morse said.
"No I want to know. Did you use me or did you actually like me?"
"Jaycie of course he likes you." Talon said.
"When did you get this assignment?" I asked him when he was being silent as the others interrupted him.
"I got it the day before you came to school." He said not lying to me.
"Did you use me for information?" I asked him.
"You want to know the truth? If you wanted to know about why I asked you out it's because I really did like you. You were the person I liked. Even before I tried to make you jealous but I finally got to ask you out. I didn't do it for the case I got. I did it because I wanted to date you." He said. He flipped a switch and the car started to drive itself as he looked at me. "I didn't date you because of some dumb case. I did it for myself. My mom hates how I'm dating you not only because she's my boss, but because I put so much time and effort to be with you and help you. Sure this case was to protect you but I would of done it even if I didn't get the case." He said.