
"No Problem.  Have you all made your selections?"  She asked taking out a pad and a pen.
"Ladies first."  Skull said gesturing to Jaycie and Tania.
"Thank you, Skull.  I'd like the Angel Chicken Pasta and, since I know Jaycie to well, she would like the Lasagna Bolognese."  Tania said and Jaycie started to laugh a bit.
"Oh, how I love that you know me to well."  She said with a big smile.
"As usual.  I should of just had that written."  Clara said with her own laugh.
"What?  How do-."
"I came here once or twice while I skipped school.  Also I came here during the summer."  Jaycie said with the smile.
"How did I not notice this?"  I asked.
"You were never here when I came here.  I didn't even know you and Clara and Tyler were siblings until yesterday."  She said.
"Well lets take this talk to the side and we'll talk about it another day.  Skull, what would you like?"  Clara asked.
"My usual please Clara."  He said with a smile.
"Of course, now how about you Chase."
"I'd like Chicken Alfredo, please."
"Alright!  I'll go tell the chefs and your orders will be out soon.  Would you like an appetizer?"  She asked.
"Oh right, how about Insalata Capresce?"  Skull asked everyone and we automatically agreed only Jaycie looked at us in a cute way of saying 'what is that?'
I chuckled and told her what it is and then she said "Sure."
I chuckled at her once more and we all started to talk again.
"So, I heard something happened at the police station yesterday."  Tania said putting it out there.
Jaycie and I looked at each other confused then to Tania and Skull.  Skull just casually sipped on his water.  Tania just looked at us waiting for us to say something.
"What did you hear?"  I asked.
"Oh, just Paul saying that you questioned Jaycie.  He also heard that you wanted the camera off and the mic off.  What happened?"  She asked.
Only she looked a bit amused, but she didn't show it completely.  I looked away as I remembered.  I was half smiling half mad about it.  I was mad at what happened to her.  Then I was happy about that moment.  I just knew I was most likely turning red about it.  We were both not answering her.
"Come on you two.  One of you tell us."  Tania said.
"Umm ughhhh."  Jaycie said.  "Okay.  Everything?"
"If your fine with it."  Tania said and they paid attention right away.
"I asked her what happened while she was gone.  If the people hurt her."  I said.
"Why'd-"  Tania looked a bit worried, but Jaycie stopped her.
"I was fine with the question.  He questioned me because Detective Beckett thought it would be better if someone I knew questioned me.  It was better.  Then he asked me if he could see one of the many wounds they caused and I showed him."  Jaycie said with a shrug and drank some water.
"You, you showed him?"  She asked shocked.
"I did.  I was completely fine with it though.  I had to take my jacket off then my hoodie, but I was totally fine."