
ALOHAAAAA!
Madison Pettis as Jaycie!
Have a good time reading!!!!  Hope you like it!  Bye bye!
-Jayla
_________________________
Chapter 2
*Jaycie's POV*
I sit inside the car dreading the second I get back to school. I regret saying yes to my dad to going back after a month and a half of staying home after my, their funeral. I have to catch up though. I've been out of school for about 1 month.
School has been out since August 26. I've missed a lot from what I've heard from my brother. He and I are in the same grade for now since he's been held back for no reason. He wanted to do some random grade over when he was younger and my parents let him. Now he is just going on since apparently he didn't have the same teacher and didn't want to do the same grade again.
I am getting so off topic. Anyways, I'm Jaycie Everheart. I was a very nice person even after four of my kidnappings I was nice to everyone. This last one though felt like my world ended. If I could go back to the past and reverse it I would. Of course I can't though.
Today was going to be torture at school. I'm going to regret something and I know it. My wolf is still weeping along with me. She's been so quiet it hurts. She doesn't even want to go for runs. She only wallows and walks slowly. I wish she would cheer up even though it's the both of us that is suffering. She usually cheers me up when I'm sad so that I could have a good day.
"Jaycie we're here sweetie." Dad said.
I looked up seeing the building of my old school. I used to be excited to go to school now it's just any other building to me. Looking at the school I didn't want to see who took the class that I use to always love to go to just to see them.
"Are you sure you want to go back? We can let you both go to a different school. I can pay for another school I mean." Dad said.
I shook my head.
"It's fine Dad. I'll survive some how. Don't worry yet. Later on in the year if it doesn't get better than yeah. I'd like to transfer." I responded.
I got my bag from the floor of the car. I got out of the car going on the other side.
"Middle of the year?" He asked me.
"Middle, next quarter, which ever you want. But it has to be when the quarter or quarters ends. I love you Dad." I said giving him a kiss on the cheek.
"Bye Jaycie. I love you to." He responded.
I got on the cross walk and he drove away in the police car. Yeah, my dad is a cop. He's been a cop for several years just in case any of our pack mates get caught for something or if any rouges crossed the border.
I walked into the school everyone stopped talking just as I came in. I decided to keep walking and go to the office. As soon as I got there I saw Beta Jace and Alpha Mark along with their mates who work at the school.
"Hi Mrs. Garrettson. May I have my schedule please?" I asked Beta Jace's mate at the front desk.
They all stopped to look at me and were shocked to hear my voice. They were very happy to see me though.
"Jaycie! Paul and your father never told me you were going to be here! It's so nice to see you sweetheart!" Mrs. Garrettson said as she got up and went around to come and hug me.
I hugged her, but it didn't feel like old times. I looked around they were all happy to see me, but I didn't want to be here. I was this morning but not anymore. We all started to talk about what ever. They asked me what I've been doing lately and so I said that I've been out with Dad and Paul at night, mornings I've been sleeping in, and I've been staying at home watching anything and writing and reading along with trying to get my mind off of things. They laughed at times, but I didn't have it in me to laugh.