
He was still mad though as Paul helped him up and Xander helped him take him.
"In your room though? Does it have to be your room?" He asked.
"Yes it does have to be my room. What is so wrong with it?" I asked throwing my hands in the air.
"IT'S A GUY! Also you should be in bed not letting him in the bed."
"You make me sound like a slut. I'll go back to my bed then, but if your going to be like this Chase I don't want you here." I said doing my best to get up and successfully I do get up.
"Jaycie." Justin says.
"Please not right now. I'm getting a drink and going to get some food. Then I'm going back in my bed like I should be." I said with a sigh.
"I'll help along with Talon and Link. Morse can you go get some take out? Tania and Thalia can you guys go with Morse?" Justin said and they all agreed.
Chase looked annoyed as well as Skull.
"Seriously, Chase. You need to calm down." He said with a shake of his head.
I was inside though. I started for up stairs and started to wonder, how the hell did I get down the stairs so successfully? I sighed as I started to head up slowly and carefully. I almost fall to only have someone catch me and pick me up. It was Chase. He carried me up as I crossed my arms.
"Okay, I know I'm in the wrong and I'm sorry. Forgive me?" He asked me.
I looked at him and looked at him real good. From what I hear from Skull he doesn't apologize a whole lot. I think about it and sigh as I give in. I hug his neck and kiss his cheek to surprise him. He looked a bit surprised but he just smiled.
"Are you going to keep kissing me?" He asked with a chuckle.
"I've only kissed your neck and cheek a few times at my house." I said like it was no big deal.
"You kissed me few times there as well when we were at the hospital as well." He said.
"I don't remember, and I can say that I think that you were jealous when I said that he can go in my room. Also when Paul said as always I think your jealous." I said teasingly.
"I am not." He said.
"If there is one thing in this world I can detect more than anything it is when someone is telling the truth. Also by that look you gave back there it tells me you were jealous." I said with a smug look.
"You sure about that?" He asked.
"I sure can. Ok when it comes to this I can. I know I was jealous once even though I kept denying it." I confessed.
"If I admit I was jealous will you tell me why you were jealous?" He asked.
"I will if you promise over...Skull's life that you were jealous and mean it." I said.
"What if it kills Skull?"
"Then I know you were lying and you just killed your friend and my best friends mate." I said.
"Darn." He said with a slight chuckle. "Okay, I swear over Skull's life that I was really jealous, and I mean it."
"See it wasn't that hard now was it?" I asked him.
"It was in front of you." He said. "I've never actually admitted to anyone that I am or have dated that I was jealous. Although they thought I was I never really was. Except this time I was and admitted it."