
"What are you doing?" Alexander asked.
"I'm just about to punch a wall." I growled. "How could he?!? HE KNEW! HE KNEW HE'D MEET MOM! Why?" I asked softly at the end.
"He didn't know that Jaycie. This was before he knew anything. I'll tell you at home. Actually Dad can." Paul said. "Still feel like punching something? I see Chase coming, you can go punch him."
I glared at Paul.
"I'm not going to punch Chase, Paul. I'd rather punch you." I said as Detective Beckett was talking to Chase. They looked over and Chase nodded every so often. "What are they talking about?"
"I don't know, but they're coming here." Alexander said and they started to leave. When both Chase and Detective Beckett came in Paul glared at Chase. I of course rolled my eyes at him. I tried listening in if the others were being questioned, but I found out they were all talking to one another, so that means they are done. They must be waiting for me.
"Jaycie, I'm going to let Chase ask you the questions and I'll just be back there. Tell only the truth."
"I've been telling the truth this whole time." I say annoyed. "Also why are you questioning me?"
Detective Beckett left the room already as I had asked.
"She wanted someone who you could trust and who you could easily talk to." He said.
"Oh ok. Why didn't Morse or Justin come as well?" I asked.
"I don't know, I don't think they were asked."
"Alright, so ask away. I'll be as honest as I was with Detective Beckett. 100%."
"That's good. Anyways lets start. First question. How old were you when you were first kidnaped? Because from my understanding this man kidnaped you more than once."
"Ugh, she still wants to know? I thought I told her to leave it alone? I don't want to talk about it." I said turning away.
"Please Jaycie, just answer." He begged.
"Huhhh, I was 8. It was by some guy named Bill Kendall. He was an abductor. He abducted kids and usually he killed them. I was the first to be kidnaped and get killed just get close to dying. Let me tell ya it puts your pain tolerance to a whole new level." I said remembering that day in the hospital.
I had been in a coma after they revived me. I also had a scar from the incident. It's on my left thigh in the front on the right side of my leg.
"Do you know why you were one of the many kids?" He asked.
"The police had told me that it was because I had looked like his daughter that had gone through the same ordeal yet I survived and hadn't completely died. Don't worry she's still alive, but she is just recovering slowly. At the time I had found out she was in a coma like I was just in. Last I heard from them was that she woke up. I had actually gotten to visit her." I said with a big smile on my face.
"You've visited her even after her father had done that to you?!?" He asked.
"Of course. I felt terrible for her. I had asked my Dad to take me to see her. The last time I visited or seen Delany was this year before I was kidnaped for the fifth time."
"Is the man that was supposedly found dead the person who has been kidnapping you?"
I looked away. I didn't like these questions at all.