
HEYYY!
Preston Strother as Chase O'Neil!
__________________________
Chapter 3
*Chase's POV*
We had went over all the Biology notes as she copied them down. She had a few questions that I answered right off the bat and I was glad that Tania helped out at the times I didn't know the answer to Jaycie's question. Jaycie wasn't so lucky today since there was a test and Mr. Mattias just wanted to know where she was at. She told me she guessed on the whole thing because she didn't know any of the material.
"Wait, that's what Facilitated Diffusion is? Awesome! I got it right!" She exclaimed in a whisper.
"That's great Jaycie!" I whispered back with a smile.
"While I am happy I learned mostly everything, when is lunch?" She asked and just as she said that I heard her stomach growl.
She grinned sheepishly as Tania and I laughed at that.
"It's actually in 5 min." I said looking at my watch with the smile I couldn't contain.
"Awesome! Let me finish jotting these notes down and I'll be done." She started to finish writing notes as Tania and I got ready to go.
Getting ready to leave she passes me my notebook.
"Thanks Chase and Tania. You two are amazing!" She said.
"You could say that again." Tania said.
"Well I'm not. It'll only make your ego bigger and you have a big enough ego already." Jaycie says.
I laugh as they banter while we walk out of the library.
"Chase!" I heard the one voice I didn't want to hear.
I cringed when I heard her voice. We were stuck as partners and I begged Mr. Canon to change, but he wouldn't allow it. Tracy was right behind me.
I looked ahead to see no one who could help me.
"Chase, are you alright?" Skull asked putting his arm over me and Tania. "Just keep walking and pretend you never heard her."
I crack a smile at that.
"Come on Jaycie! Catch up!" Tania said.
"I'm coming, I'm coming!" Jaycie said getting out of her stupor.
When she caught up she was next to me. I draped my arm around her, she kind of jumped. I ignored it and lowered my voice to a whisper.
"Just ignore her for now, alright?"
She turned towards me and looked confused.
"Alright." She said.
"Hey Jaycie! Welcome back! Nia told me the bad news and I'm very sorry for the lost. I hope you get better soon to the point where you can go inside music class. I mean we could use BOTH of our other percussionists." Skull said.
"Sorry." Jaycie said with an apologetic smile.
"No prob. I just need to not be alone when playing a piece." Skull said.
"Stop making her feel guilty." Tania said.
"Alright, alright."
"Chase, stop ignoring me." Tracy said.
I tried with all my might to ignore her.
"Chase. I'm wondering if you can come to my house today so that I can catch up. My dad won't mind since your helping me. Of course that's if that's okay with you and your family." Jaycie said making me look down to her with a raised eyebrow. "Well, if you want. You-you don't have to."