
"Justin it's fine she doesn't know." I said.
"It's not fine. You may have survived, but you've always hated it when people said that. Lets just get this over with. My parents will have a mouthful to give to me. I already got 15 missed calls from them." I frowned.
That isn't the best thing. We agreed to just get it over with though. I waited inside a room with the mic that was small, four chairs, a table, and the mirror that if you go on the other side then you could see me, but I can't see them.
I was actually fan girl-ing on how it looked so similar to Castle's questioning room! Of course I didn't show that on the outside. I was just patiently waiting on the detective. Just then someone came in. It was Detective Beckett. To be honest I liked her last name. Also apart of Castle! Lol.
"So Jaycie, I just want you to know I have people on the other side who can detect any lie you say so I want you to be careful of what you say." She said.
I wonder why she was telling me this. I already knew there most likely would be people on the other side. She's probably trying to scare me. I just shrugged and kicked back a little slouching in my seat and extending my legs into a comfortable position.
"Okay, so what's your first question?"
"Did you know the people who we have caught?"
"Yes." I didn't hesitate to say it. Because I remembered every one of them.
"How?"
"They were the last ones to kidnap me and my m..." I didn't want to say the last part. I felt a pang of pain and hopelessness as well as sadness.
"Your what?" She asked.
"My mom."
"What did they want and did they do anything to you and your mother?"
"They wanted me to go back with them. My mothers dead." I said bitterly looking away as I felt a tear fall.
"Why did they want you? Were you there for your mothers death?"
"I don't know why they wanted me." I deliberately didn't answer her other question.
I think she knew it as well as she re-asked her question. I didn't answer once again. She questioned me the same question. I didn't reply unless she asked something else. I would answer her question, but it's hard to say it. Every time I didn't answer her she'd get annoyed. Does she not know how to take a hint?
"Jaycie, I get that you don't like to talk about it, but you are going to have to get out of your comfort zone and answer me. Were you there?"
"YES! OKAY! I WAS THERE! I SAW THAT MAN FREAKING KILL MY MOTHER RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME! SHE DIED BECAUSE OF ME! SHE DIED AND I COULD OF DONE SOMETHING EVEN WHEN THAT DUDE HAD ME IN HIS GRIP HOLD! I... I could of done something. She could still be alive." I whispered the last part as I had burst.
It was all my fault. I could of saved my mom. I could of saved Sam and I could of saved my favorite librarian. Of course they're all dead. Of course I could of not been kidnapped all those times to. I don't know why I was the one getting kidnapped.
Sighing I stopped thinking like that. I wiped my eyes from the many tears that shed.
"Who attacked first? You or the men?"
"The guy yelled to the men to get me then my friends and I were self protecting ourselves." I said.
"Why were there ripped cloth?"
"It was from our shirts. They ripped it off while we fought." I said as I showed her my shirt.