
"What is it, Insult Lakyn Day?"  Lakyn asked dramatically as he crossed his arms.
"Ok ok.  Knock it off Chasten and lets go."  Chelsea said as she stopped laughing.  "Behave you three."
"We will!"  They yelled after us as we left.
I lead them down the corridor to my very own office.  It was right across my own room.  We entered my office and I told them to sit.  They do as I asked and I continue.
"Now Chasten, you had a request for me before and wanted to be alone when you asked this?"  I asked him with an eyebrow raised.
He looked at me and nodded slowly.
"We recently had a note be dropped off.  It was a week ago.  It has something about Jaycie on it as well as one of my very own pack members.  I wanted to know if you had gotten the same note."  He replied as he fished the note out and gave it to me to read.
I was pretty sure we hadn't, but I continued to look at the note.
Chasten,
You'll be getting a visit soon.  We're going to get them and you know what?  You can't stop us.  We'll get Drake just like we will get Jaycie and Talon.  Link is next, but for now we are after your little friend.  Better get ready, because we come out of no where.  Just a warning.  Although we already know we'll have him soon.  If he's the one you'll never get him back.  Or the others.
I looked at the note and reread it.  I smelt the scent, but it was no use.  The scent was gone. replaced with Chastens.  I looked at the note examining the whole thing for just one imperfection to know who gave this note.  Turning it around I saw something.  I held it up to the light to see a symbol.  I know that symbol.  I sighed with a downcast face.
"What?  What is it?"  Chelsea asked.
"I never got this note, but I know who it is from."  I replied.
"Who is it from?  Who's after Drake, Jaycie, Talon, and Link?"  He asked.
"It's more like who's after almost every kid from the school.  You see Jaycie and Paul didn't always stay at our school.  They lived here sure, but they went to a school called Quake Elementary.  They were there when they were younger.  The kids there were being taught differently than any regular elementary.  Of course it was a harsh school, but the kids thought it was normal.  The school staff had learned that a kid from one of the many classes there was in a legend or prophecy.  This kid could help them gain control of not only the werewolf world, but the supernatural world.
We've been doing our best to get all these kids safe and we have only about four kids here that went to that school.  That's Jaycie, Paul, Link, and Talon.  The rest have spread out.  The kids at the school were of different species.  Talon and Link are vampires.  They learned at the school when they were 6.  What's Drakes last name though?"
"Drake Panama."  Chelsea answered.
"I heard of him.  The only reason being the school year book Paul has at his house.  I took it from them years ago.  I noticed all the kids there have been kidnapped by these people and no one else."  I said.
"Really?  Wow.  Why do some of them get taken more than once though?"  Chasten asked.
"The reason I've heard is that they would escape before they'd see the boss."  I replied.
"Who's the boss?"
"We don't know that.  They never find out the man's name.  Even when they do, they can't remember it.  Even if you ask for the people that take the kids the kids freak out and don't respond.  Paul hasn't been taken though.  I'm mainly always with him while Jaycie likes to be alone most of the time.  Jaycie isn't fond of so many people.  She also doesn't tell many people of her whereabouts so she is just kind of mysterious and a wanderer.  She's also the one who they mainly go for out of the two."