
"Just until they came back again!" I said with fake ethusiasm.
"Right, but that's also how I met you both as well." She said.
"Can we stop talking about this though? I like dreaming of me flying in the sky, not bloody on the floor." I said and it made Jack wince.
"Jaycie, don't say stuff like that. Fuckin' A, where's the bottle you took away from me?" He asked getting up.
"You sit down." I said giving him my look. He looked at me with a glare, but gave up. He sat back down. "Jack," I started after a few more moments of silence, "you were 4 months sober. What the heck happened?"
He looked away back at me and started to rub his face.
"After being 4 months sober? Try getting nightmares and them starting to chase after you for two whole months. That's what happened, I got tired of it. I've been trying to hide all over this state. When I heard you were taken I knew I was going to be next if I didn't do anything. You've seen them distract and overpower a pack just to get to one person before, Jaycie. They've never nabbed anyone that was drunk and we both knew that. So whatever, I drank. It shouldn't even matter though. I'm old enough to drink....somewhere..." He said.
"You're sixteen years old. Where can you be considered old enough to drink?" I asked him.
"He could move to Italy..." Chase said a bit guilty on suggesting that.
"How do you know that?" Talon asked with a raised eyebrow.
"I've been there..." He said.
"What were you doing there?" Link asked.
"I was just visiting."
"Looks like I'm moving to Italy." Jack said.
"You are not. You are going to take this like a man. Now shut up. You are going back to not drinking, you aren't going to a club, and I am taking all of your alcohol." I said.
"Make sure ya'll take it from her." He said with a sloppy side smile.
"Jack shut up." I said.  They probably thought he was joking but when I never laughed is probably why they were confused.
"What? It's not like you weren't going to tell them." He said.
"I wasn't!" I said. "That was also when I didn't know better! It was also YOUR fault."
"Hey it helped make future choices and I am glad I helped, although I do not wish to have helped you any other way." He said motioning his coffee cup towards me before he drinks it.
"Oh I am going to..."
"Jaycie knock it off and explain." Link said.
'Grrr.'
"Chase, the first time I ever told the guy I liked that I was jealous of him was when I met Jack's best friend.  He and I were really close for a while.  His name was Nick, he and I were having fun one night when Jack came a long.  I didn't like how Jack brought two other girls and I felt secluded from the bunch because I didn't drink so I went outside.  Nick followed me and asked what was going on.  I told him everything.  He had sat down closer to me and explained why I shouldn't be jealous.  It was because he liked me and that reason was why.  I did a bold thing when he opened another drink.  I took it and drank it myself.  I had a few, but I never have had it for almost a year now.  I haven't seen Nick either.  I also have no feelings for him anymore except for being friends with him."  I confessed.