
'Hey Morse Code! Just to let you know Jake is sleeping over the pack house. Your mom also gave you permission to stay over to protect lil miss there! Another thing is that we all wanted to wish you a Happy Birthday! Have a good early birthday dinner! ;)'. She texted. I rolled my eyes and laughed.
"Well, looks like Jake isn't coming home and it's 2 minutes until midnight. Let's finish up to get to the dessert." I said just looking at her.
"Is it really? It feels like that it's only been an hour and a half." She said looking at her wrist watch.
"I know. I just noticed the time."
"Also why is my brother not coming home?"
"He's going to be sleeping over the pack house." I answered.
She nodded and we continued to eat but I became super nervous, I mean I really like her. She has these eyes that just capture me in some type of spell. Also trust me when I say that this is like no other spell that I've been under before. Her voice puts me in a trance that can get me out of any compulsion through one word. When I met her that one day, I fell for her, but I never saw her since that incident. Seeing her again I was kind of scared. First thing being I spilled coke and my food on her. Secondly was that I thought I would falter.
Going over what happened this night though, it hopefully makes up for the incident. It also makes me have these emotions I hadn't felt for a long time. Although these emotions are more intense. It's like an old friend that came back making everything in life more positive. After this night, I feel like I can't live without seeing her smile by the stupid things I say or life at the corny jokes or just her herself.
"So, Morse, you didn't have to do all this. It's all so lovely and all, but you really didn't have to."
"I wanted to though."
"You didn't let me finish though." She said, I looked her in the eyes as they sparkled. "Thank you for everything."
She looked so beautiful at this moment. I was just smiling at her as I felt this connection with her automatically. I felt like I was being pulled to her. I knew I was leaning in, but I wasn't the only one that was. She started to lean in as soon as I was half way. When our lips touched I felt the spark as my wolf called out that she was my mate. I pulled back and she seemed so excited. The sparkle in her eyes grew brighter.
"You're my mate." She said breathlessly.
"Yes, I am and you're mine." I said more because of my wolf and me being possessive.
She bit her lip as I grabbed the dishes. I put them in the sink and she followed me.
"When were you going to tell me tomorrow, or really today, is your birthday?"
"Today." I said leaning back on the counter and she rolled her eyes.
"Thanks for the warning."  I just smiled.  I then made her some dessert.