
"I'm guessing you and his dad have bad history?" Jaycie says with a slight laugh.
"Let's just say that he and I piss each other off and can never stay in the same room for longer than 10 seconds." I say.
"Good luck with that. Now can we know what's going on?" Morse asked.
That's when I nod and explain the plan to them.
______________________________
*Thalia's POV*
"She's what?" Tessa said not calm at all. "With whom and by whom?"
"She's been kidnapped, with Talon, Morse, and Chase. We have to save them!" Tania answered.
"We don't know by whom though." Skull said.
"I do. Well we do." Link said uncomfortably with Jake next to her.
"Who..?"
"Don't ask." Jake said slightly flinching. "We just know."
That's when Tessa understood she nodded at them with a slight frown.
"Wait just a sec. I have to check something." Skull said. "If Chase is being smart he would have turned on his locator. That's my best friend! He turned it on! I know where they are! Oh wow. They're in a warehouse. It's been abandoned for years. There's just one problem."
"What?" Chelsea asked.
"It's closer to Chasten's land but its still rouge territory. Pack wolves here and there shouldn't go. I also think that would be smarter. I can take a team and go. You guys would just have to..."
"Tessa! Chasten! Lakyn! Chelsea! My dad, Xander, and I are back!" Paul said.
"Don't tell them." Tania said.
"They're family! They should know about this!" Lakyn said angered, while I know we probably shouldn’t, he’s right, they have the right to know where their daughter or sister is.
"Lakyn let them tell you why. This should be interesting." Chasten said with a glare as he waited for one of us to explain.
"Chasten, come on. They already lost one person let them be." Justin said.
"You too, you are on their side? What if you had a family and no one told you your son or daughter was kidnapped?" Chasten growled.  “What if my brother didn’t tell you your sister was kidnapped?”
"Shut up Chasten! You don't know how many times I've had to go through this with them! You don't know how it feels! She's like a sister to me!  I know how it feels not to know about that Chasten!  Don’t you even get me started!  It’s just better that we save her and then tell them when they have her back." Justin growled.
“Obviously you don’t know what SHOULD happen and what SHOULD happen is that we tell them!”  Chasten growled back
“No, we should go and save her first.”  Justin growled
"Justin I am losing my patience with you."  Chasten gritted making me very annoyed at the both of them as I finally start to speak myself.
"Knock it off you two!" I yelled not allowing this to go on any further with a slam of my hands on the table.  They all looked at me as my eyes turned red with anger.  As they stared at me I simulated a plan. "You two are not doing anything to help this situation at all!  Also it’s better to tell them about this so that they are not finding out by them waiting for her days on end then when a month comes by them thinking that she’s dead again.  Now everyone listen to me or else I will hurt you.  Does everyone understand?”  I asked and they nodded except Jack he just looked at me and Lakyn was adjusting in his chair and linking his hands together for some unknown reason.  But as I looked at him I calmed down slowly.  I sighed and my eyes were going back to their normal color slowly.  “Skull get your friends and get them to help you with saving the four of them. Link and Jake you two are to go out on Chasten's land with Tania and Tessa as I think it would be safer for you two to stay with Tania and Tessa away from the people as they still might want you. You guys will be on their border with Chasten's pack doctor helping get whoever else they come back with, because I doubt it's only Jaycie, Talon, Morse, and Chase that was kidnapped. Chasten, Lakyn, and Chelsea you three go to your pack house and inform your Alpha's and Beta's. I will tell Xander, Paul, and Mr. Everheart and get some more people to come along with their pack doctor. I will also tell Talon's parents and bring some other vampires to help. They may fight back so we should be prepared. They will stay at the border ready to fight as I will lead some of the clan’s fighters to the area.  We will wait for Skull's team to come out with the people taken hostage. Does everyone understand?" I asked glaring at each and every one of them. They all nodded at me. "Tessa, Tania, Link, and Jake go with Chasten, Lakyn and Chelsea, now."