
"I bet you Tania knows his name."  Jake said spicing Chase's fire.
"We've been friends longer than you've been dating her!  That's not cool!"
"Jaycie knows more about you right?"  I asked him.
"No!  Her dad and brothers have mainly been hogging her!  Plus that guy got into the picture and new things always pop up about her that no one has known!"  Chase said as we finally made it out of the warehouse to a car with Sam and Kent in it.
"Wow, you two barely know each other?  Dude, I've told Tania everything."  I confessed.
"I won't know if I'm her mate until she is seventeen!  Even then we don't know, but she's different.  I've liked her since that one day I first met her."  He said gently lying her next to Mrs. Everheart.
"Wait, I am so not in my daughters loop anymore, what's going on?"  Mrs. Everheart asked.
"First things first, you've been gone for about 3 months I think."
"Believe me when I say I know."  She said with a shiver.
I frowned, but we told her everything that has been happening in school and every day life.
__________________________
*Link's POV*
As they were talking I took care of Talon and made sure that he wasn't so badly hurt.  Morse helped me with him as he held his legs on his lap and helped made sure we (Mainly Talon) didn't fall off the seat.  I was just touching his hair as I heard a noise.  My head shot up as I looked out the window in the back.
"Morse, Chase."  I said as I looked out.  "Someone is following us."
Chase looked and started to curse more about him then anything.
"That mother fucker.  He almost killed me, my mom, General Leon and General Esperon."  He grits through his teeth as he opens the car door.  "Watch Jaycie, Skull."
He then jumps out.  Morse and I yell out at the crazy asshole and he starts to fly and we blink as we look at his shoes which are spewing fire from it, as in his shoes has boosters, which is really cool.  He shuts the door and flies back to the vampire after us.
"CHASE!  Get back here!"  Skull's friend, Kent yelled out of the window.
He's such an idiot!
That's when I jumped out of the car and helped that asshole.  He was just thrown down as I came running.  I grabbed the man's hand and punched his face.  I hit his nose very hard and for a second he was blinded, I noticed.  I then dropped down and kicked him with so much force so that he hit the tree and fell to the ground.  I flicked Chase on his arm and he looked at me with a glare.
"Jaycie would have killed me if I just let you go alone you idiot.  Also you are such an idiot."  I said.
That's when he looked up and was about to get up when we both saw Talon wide awake.  My breath was caught as I saw that.  He looked better than he did earlier.  His eyes were red though.  The man's eyes turn red as well and he hissed at Talon, but Talon hissed back even scarier than the guy.
"Don't. you. dare. touch. them."  He hissed fiercely.
"Or what?"  The man hissed at him.
"I won't hesitate to kill you if you touch my Link and my friend."  He hissed and on the inside I was falling for him even more.  I've had a crush on him ever since he saved me and while I hid it well I didn't want to ruin the friendship we had.  Now it makes me melt that he had just said my Link.