
"YAY!  Weelllll now you get to go on a date.  I can tell you came out of the shower a while ago.  So put the dress on now."  She said and Tessa tossed the dress my way.
I caught it and did as she said.  I went to my bathroom and changed into it.  When I came out she had found my fishnet stockings.  She tossed it to me and I caught them one at a time.  I put them on with a little trouble but I got it.  I looked at the dress that was made out of silk.  It actually hugged me and it actually felt soft, but I didn't want to wear it.  Although it is for Tania and I owe her.  She tossed me black flats and I put them on.  I was automatically sat onto my bed and they messed with my hair and make-up, but Tessa didn't put too much.  She said she was doing very little make-up and Tania said she was doing curls.
It didn't take them that long to do my hair and make-up.  Since my hair was an hombre it must look really cool.  My hair was naturally a very very dark brown that looked black.  I had my hair dyed and gotten it to an orangish blonde last summer or so.  I can't exactly remember.  I got it done at a place called Style 6 or something like that.  When I looked in the mirror I was super duper surprised at how fast they had done everything and I looked gorgeous.  Although I didn't like how the make-up felt on my face and all it looked pretty nice.
"YOU'RE READY!!!!"  Tania said excitement dripped from her voice and I looked at the time and it was 5:20.  Wow they did this in 20 minutes?!?  Wow, I guess my hair was being that cooperative since that was the thing that took the longest.
We went downstairs and my dad had brought the camera out and took a picture.  I looked at him like he was crazy.
"You're fine with this?"  I asked.
"Tania talked me into it yesterday.  I trust that she will watch over you."  Dad said.
"You did?"  I asked her.
"I did, so did the Luna.  That's what we had talked about after lunch."  She said.
"GO!  Go have fun you two!  I can't believe I get to see my little soon to be sister go on her first date!  Take a picture of us three Derrick!"  Tessa said and threw in a Please at the end when she brought us over to stand next to her.
She told us, wait, sorry, threatened us to smile and we did.
"Come on, lets go Tania and Jaycie!"  Skull yelled.
"We're coming, babe!"  Tania said.
"Bye Daddy.  Tell the boys I'll be home soon.  Also tell Kiara not to have to much fun with Xander."  I yelled so that they could hear me even though I knew that they could probably hear me even if I didn't but then again they could be doing something, if you understand what I mean.
"JAYCIE!"  They yelled and I bolted out with a laugh.
"Love you!"  I yelled to them.  I opened the door and Chase was on the other side.  He looked at me with awe.  I blushed and murmured a hey Chase to him.
"You, you look beautiful Jaycie."  Chase whispered like the wind was knocked out of himself.
"Thanks."  I murmured as I looked down and continued to murmur. "You look great too."
"Not as much as you."  He murmured to himself.  "Here, let me escort you to the car."
I looked up a bit and saw that he extended his arm for me to take.  I bit my lip as a smiled played at my lips.  I took his arm and he led me to the car and opened the door for me like any gentleman.  I blushed as I wasn't use to this.  I got in and he shut the door and went around and got in.  Tania got the same treatment and Skull had done the same.