
Terrence Howard as Dad or Derrick
__________________________
Chapter 10
*Jaycie's POV*
"Wait a minute! You're saying that this guy, Alexander Hopper is your half-brother?" Talon said once again as he had already gotten his part for the motorcycle.
I was getting annoyed, because that was the seventh time he's said that. Link only asked twice. I was glad for that, but Talon couldn't stop asking me that stupid question. So, for the seventh time I nodded, again. We were now on our way to my house. I really wanted to know why he did it. Because apparently, Dad has a legit excuse.
"Yes Talon, for the SEVENTH time, HE. IS. MY. HALF-BROTHER." I enunciated every word just for him so that he can understand.
I was so hoping that he understood.
"I can't wrap my finger around this information at all." He said still astonished at my situation.
"Yeah, I know. You will eventually when I get home. You and everyone will be in my room while my dad explains the whole story to me and Paul. I'll tell you guys afterwards. Also Chase is at the house already. He said that he wanted me to tell you that Skull." I replied.
Skull nodded. I had told Chase everything when I woke up and I asked him if he could come back so that I could vent it out. He gladly accepted and I told him that a few of the others were coming. I got Tania, Justin, Morse, and Thalia to come. Tania brought Skull and I got Talon and Link. Just eight people, that's not bad.
"Can't I be there?" He asked with a look that says 'please say yes, please say yes, please say yes'.
"No." I responded not going to change my mind at all.
"Please Jaycie!" He begged.
"Oh shut it, Talon. She isn't going to let you. We've already tried." Justin grumbled. "Even if she did let you, you couldn't go. Her father said he was telling the story to only Jaycie and Paul. If they wanted to tell us then they can."
"Really? Although when he says that he doesn't care when I'm around for family meetings and everything since I was and am apart of their family. I've been told that I should be Jaycie's brother as well." Talon said with an ignorant grin.
"Sorry Talon. This isn't an exception. Your excluded from this talk." I said. "Also stop being an ignorant child."
"I am not being an ignorant child!". He said with a glare then he remembered what I originally said. "Why can't I?"
"Because Paul, Dad, and I said so. We said we wanted to hear the story first and Dad agreed on our comment. Also he looked straight at me and replied and I quote 'Talon is not allowed at this family meeting. Alexander doesn't know him as well as us and he likes to know everyone before we tell this. You can tell Talon, but he may not be there. Also this situation isn't like our other situations.' Then I had said, 'I know Talon isn't allowed. I also agreed on it being only Paul and I listening first. We want to know the full story before anyone else. I will ask them to wait upstairs and they can hear the story from me.'"
"Did he really, did you really?" He asked with a pout.
I nodded. "I did."
He grumbled at me and I just rolled my eyes at him.
"We are almost at your house." Tania said.
"Good, because the sooner we get this over with, the sooner I can tell you guys." I said and cracked my neck.