
"Thanks Paul! I'll talk to you later!" I said to him as he let go of me and I walked over to my friends table.
"Maybe that's what I should do to get my brother to leave me alone whenever Skulls around." Tania said thoughtfully towards Lydia.
"LYDIA!" I shouted running over to her and hugging her as well.
"Hey Jaycie. It's nice to see ya to. What did I miss during the summer? Oh wait! I heard you got into that contest and won! That literature contest! Congrats!" She said.
I smiled. "So you did hear about my contest all the way from Paris and how was that visit?"
"It was boring, fun, exciting, stupid, frustrating, yet amazing!" She said.
"Did you find a certain someone?" I asked her as I was looking up at an angry guy looking at me with black eyes making me back away from Lydia.
"Yeah, I did. He makes me so happy because you know he is only mine and all." She said dazed and a huge smile on her face I think her face would break just at that ginormous smile.
"Well he is kinda freaking me out." I said to her.
"Hmm." She said as she looked up and saw him trying to calm himself. "That dork he doesn't care what gender touches me he hates it. I'll take care of it."
She got up and skipped straight to him and hugged him.
"Okay. So I am going to dump my stuff and go in line to get food." I said to the others as I did just as I said I would do.
They all gave me a head nod or some sort of acknowledgement as I left. I went over to the line and waited. As I waited I grabbed my iPod out. I brought my headphones out as well and started to listen to music even though I could tell people are staring at me and talking about me. So to overpower it I actually focused on the music. When I focused I noticed the song playing was a song I couldn't listen to yet. I was hurrying to get my iPod to change the song.
"Come on." I muttered.
Then that's when Jesus Takes the Wheel changed to Think of You by Christina Grimmie. I sighed gratefully. I couldn't listen to Carrie Underwood sing her song. I try to avoid that song at all ways possible.
"Hey Jaycie." I heard someone say as they took an earpiece out.
I was so surprised I had jumped almost stepping on their foot and almost about to punch someone. They had grabbed my hand and I found that I almost punched the vampire clan leader's son.
"Oh my Gosh! I'm super duper sorry Talon! I didn't..."
"No, it's OK, Jaycie." He said. "Sorry I scared you."
"It's alright." I said as I paused my music as fast as I could. "What do I owe the pleasure of your presence?" I asked respectively.
"Well this weekend my parents were wondering if we could have you and your family over for diner we wanted to also be generous and give you a room at the clan house. You may come over when ever you want and visit friends on our side." Talon said as the line moved up.
"Really? That's so...so...courteous of your clan. Give my thanks to Lord Daniel and Lady Grace, they have my gratitude. Thank you, Talon. If this was your idea, which it most likely is. Thank you." I said with a smile.
We moved up in line and I noticed that it was almost my turn.
"Of course, I'll tell my parents the formal thanks and yes it was. You know that your always welcomed though! Your practically like a sister since you helped me that one day." He said lowering his voice.