
~
I saw that Daniella became a bit sad. She saw my thoughts. She saw it. I wanted to show her more.  I wanted to tell her how sorry I was and how bad I feel about being mean and rude all this time.  He interrupts me before I could think more of it.
"So your mother did tell you about Daniella being your sister."
"No, I- I didn't know that Daniella was my sister. If I knew I would have been different. I would of told her that I for-."
"Your mother never told you anything?"
"She told me she had a daughter and her father took her away. Meaning you stole the chance of me ever meeting my older sister when I was a kid. You stole the chance of her having a real family and siblings that love her and don't insult her every time she comes to get me maybe just to see who her sister is."
"You don't love her as I do." He quipped.
"I would if I did meet her when I was younger. I would if I got to actually grow up with my sister."
"You two aren't even real sisters."
"Half sisters are still sisters. I don't care about stupid labels for half or step sisters. I go by sister or brother. You don't see me calling my half brother, half brother. I call him my brother. If I knew Daniella was my sister I would have tried to get her home. She probably hasn't seen her mother. Hasn't she?"  I asked which made him stiffen with anger.
That's when I felt a slap across my face.  I gritted my teeth at this as it somewhat stung.  I lifted my head a tear slowly going down as my wolf was surfacing as she was angry.
"Abuse will get you no where with me.  The other people found that out easily.  All you are doing is showing your daughter how much of an asshole you are.  No real man slaps a woman or kid.  A real man cares for his own and protects.  That's what my father does, the guy you think is a man-whore is more of a man than you are."  I said and he looked furious.
"One thing is right from what I hear from my people.  You are stupid and don't know when to shut-up."
"That's two things idiot.  Also I think you are the stupid one here.  Being a rouge must of made all your senses and book smarts dissipated into nothing."  I remarked.
He growled at me and picked me up.  He tapped my mouth and grabbed me.  I started to try and retaliate.  He ignored my retaliations and threw me over his shoulder making him hurt my stomach.
"Dad."  Daniella said and she was a bit scared.  I could tell in her voice.
"Daniella, go to my office.  I will see you there when I am done with this."
I had to be honest when I say I put myself in some deep shit by back talking.  I am fucked.  I heard her leave the room silently after a few seconds he started to walk and kept quiet.  I am scared right now since I have no idea where I am going and what is going to happen.  He walked making a bunch of turns.  When we were somewhere he wanted to be at he opened the door and put me in a chair.  He tied me to the chair with the same ropes like the others.  When he was done I was confused to where I was.  He left me for a moment and brought someone back with him.
"Don't touch me you filthy ass dog!  I hate you!  Put me down!  You bastard!  Put me down!"  A familiar voice screamed.  My eyes was wide open as I looked in the direction.
I muffled out my words since I couldn't properly talk.  I tried getting out of the binds I was in when my mom saw me.  She gasped as she tried as much as she could to get out of his arms.  I started to cry as I had thought that she was gone.  I thought that they were messing with me, but there she was.  My best friend, my music teacher, and my favorite thing of all, my mother.