
"Alright, I won't bow or be to respectful. I'll treat you like a friend." I said and he smiled.
"Good! Well, shall we go and cook?" He asked.
"Now?" I groaned and he laughed.
He grabbed my hands pulling me up and nodded.
"Now." He said slowly walking back to the kitchen.
"Okay." I said.
~Two and a half hours later~
We cooked, we cleaned, we washed the dishes we used and dried them, we set the table, and now we are in my living room again looking for movies to choose from.
"We have to watch a comedy first!" I said and he grinned.
"Of course! Comedy's are always first! My family and I love comedy's." He said and I grinned as I pulled a movie out.
"Let's watch this one!" I said excitedly and he looked over grinning.
"I love that movie! Breakfast Club is a classic!" He said.
"This is my favorite movie ever." I said.
"Are you serious?" He asked and I nodded. "It's mine too."
I opened it and put it in.  We went back into the kitchen to get the essentials to watching a movie, popcorn, drinks, along with candy and ice cream. Then we sat down and pushed Root Menu and played the movie. While we watched the movie he and I, at times, took turns to go check on the food.  When the potatoes were ready to mash, we stopped the movies so that we could mash them. I also started the vegetables with him.  While we made them he told me about the many times he would help his father or mother with cooking as we sauteed mushrooms, green beans, and onions with diced up garlic.  I was smiling from ear to ear and I liked hearing him tell stories. When I had finished the vegetables with Morse is when the potatoes and meat loaf were ready. We pulled them out and brought them up since there was only two potatoes and one small tray of meat loaf it was easier to put them in at the same time.  The food smelt delicious, but he suggested that we watch the movie since it was almost over before we ate. I agreed since it was the best part of the movie.
We went back to the living room. As I was turning I almost fell somehow but before I did he caught me and brought me to him. I looked up at him and for a second it was just me and him staring at each other. He was so close and honestly I can feel my wolf, Chloe, wanting me to kiss him. Damn, I so wanted to do it and I saw him wanting to lean in. I just blushed and looked away.
"Th-thanks, co-come on! Let's watch the movie!" I said and sat down pulling him down for him to only smile.
I leaned over and grabbed the remote and played the movie. I sat back and watched the movie. He "stretched" and left his arm beind me, which only made me want to smile. I leaned my head on him and he curled his arm around me as I slightly hugged him. When the credits rolled up neither of us wanted to get up nor did we want to do anything. Well, atleast I didn't.
"Are you hungry, Liv?" He asked me. I nodded. "Alright. Stay here I want to do something first."
"Alright." I said and let him go.
He got up and went into the kitchen. He told me that I couldn't look either or I wouldn't have dessert. That made me not look. When he was done, he came over and offered me his hands to get up. I gave him my hands and he helped me up. He held onto one of my hands as he pulled me over to the kitchen and turn to the dinning room. What I saw, I knew it was the works of Jaycie and Jake as I've always wanted to have a candlelite dinner. There were candles and there were roses and my favorite kind of flowers, sunflowers.