
"Sure thing."
"Wait!" Tessa said as I started to walk away.
"Yes?" I asked turning back towards her.
"I want to come and see the cafeteria. Also we haven't eaten so I'm hungry." She said with red cheeks as she was scratching the back of her neck.
"I can lead them and you can meet us later Greg, you said you had to go meet your Dad." I said.
"Thanks Paul. I'm sorry to be leaving early, but my father and I have to discuss about somethings." Greg said apologetically.
"That's fine Greg we can trust Paul, for now." Chasten said making me look at them confused.
"He just needs to tell us who Jaycie is." Lakyn said giving me a look. "She better not be your girlfriend."
"N-n-no! She-she's not my-my girlfriend." My eyes had widened as I had stuttered in shock to them. Wow some people just don't have faith now a days. I saw that my mate was looking relieved. I frowned at that. She thought I had someone else. I feel terrible.
'Well go comfort her!' My wolf, DJ said.
Just as I was about to move and say something Greg beat me to it.
"I assure you Lakyn, Chasten, Chelsea, and Tessa. Jaycie is not Paul's girlfriend. Jaycie is Paul's younger sister Lakyn." Greg said confused at why they would be worried about that.
'I'll tell you later Greg. Go talk to your Dad.' I said to him throught the link.
"Anyways, what ever you do don't mention what just happened here and... and anything about parents to her. We had lost my mom recently." I said quietly. "She... saw everything. Also try not to piss her off. She isn't easy to piss off, but if she gets pissed off easy than well she might of changed from that day. This is her first day voluntarily being out of the house. It took her a while to actually come to school. My mom use to work here for the music program so don't ask about Band class."
Greg frowned as well as I had mentioned my mom. Everyone loved her. I felt a hand on my shoulder as I had looked away. Feeling the surprise burning sensation in my shoulder I looked up to see Tessa.
"I'm sorry for your loss Paul, I'd be glad to meet your sister though. Also I'll make sure thing 1 and thing 2 won't piss her off. Chelsea will help as well." Tessa said making Chelsea, Greg, and I laugh.
"Hey! What's that suppose to mean?!?" Lakyn said.
"It means you cause trouble everywhere you go." Chelsea said.
"That is so not..." He cut himself short as he sighed. "Never mind. I'd be lying if I said we didn't, but we promise to TRY and not mess with people." Chasten said.
"I trust that your sister and mate as well as my Beta will make sure you two don't cause any trouble. He'll tell you who not to talk to or who to talk to. The wolves are fine of course, but there are a few humans that, well, don't know of course. Some of them know from before they had gotten here, just getting here, or they just don't know. Of course the ones that know when they got here are mates to a wolf so it's quite alright." Greg said.
They nodded and Greg left to the office. I looked at my watch and saw it had only been 18 minutes. We still have about 27 minutes.
"Lets go." I said and they nodded.
Taking on another subject I had talked about my sister on the way there. I wonder how she's doing...
__________________________