
"Hello?" Chasten answered over the phone.
"Chasten! Hey! It's Jaycie. Uhh, Tessa and I are somewhat in trouble. We're being chased by them."
"What! Where's Paul?" He asked.
"Don't tell Paul or my dad! Get Lakyn and my Alpha, then find Tessa." Jaycie said.
"What?" Chasten and I said.
"You both heard me. Tessa will be a distraction only for a little they won't want her they'll chase her in the car, but I'll be in the forest running to safety. So look for Tessa back at the mall. She'll turn around and drive away without me. They won't notice with the tinted windows." I said.
"Jaycie, don't do this." I said as we were nearing the forest.
She rolled the window down all of a sudden. Before I could roll it back up or lock it she grabbed my hand for a moment. She smiled at me. She then drops my phone on the chair and jumped out of the car. I cursed when she did that and rolled the window up. I'm just going to have to be a distraction. Instead of making a u-turn I kept going to the turn and took a left. I went straight seeing them behind me now. I took another left and drifted a little, but I went straight. I saw them following me after as I kept going. I was at the mall after the right turn and so I decided to just drive in the parking lot.
I shifted when I landed in the forest. I was hurt just a little, but I can keep running. I ran and ran towards the portal as I remembered the way. I heard a howl in the air a little after that. I knew it was Lakyn. That was his howl. Only instead of it being a warning or any other kind of howl I have heard him howl, it was more of an outraged howl and it pained me to hear it. For now all I can do is distract and hope that Jaycie will be fine.
__________________________
*Jaycie's POV*
As soon as I jumped out of the car I hid in the forest. I waited for a little to see if they were still going after her and yes they were. I sighed as I was glad they had followed her.  I knew it was dangerous but I knew she could handle them.  Once they see that I am not with her then she'll be safe.  I was going to turn around when I heard a click.
"Jaycie Everheart, I'm going to need you to stand up right now and come with me."  Detective Beckett?
I turned around to see her.  She was standing there with a gun.  I stayed where I was and looked at her weirdly.  What the heck?  What is she doing here?  I put my hands up and tried to stay on her good side but I really wanted to know how she found me.  I am pretty sure I turned my phone off and my iPod is at home charging since I gave it to Tania in the car.  Okay I left it in the car actually but anyway how'd she even know I was here?  I just got here.
"What are you doing? How'd you find me?" I asked.
"They weren't the only ones tailing you." She said.
That's when I became angry.  She's been following me!
"You were spying on me?"  I asked a bit angry.
"It's a good thing I did as well. Looks like you were going to be kidnapped again. Let's go." She said.
Then Detective Watt and Officer Brody come out.
"You three won't be safe if I am with you." I say with a raised eyebrow.
"You won't be safe here." Officer Brody said.
"I'm not safe anywhere until I get to where I was going Officer Brody. You three have to let me go.  I.."
"Jaycie. Listen to me because there is no way you are going anywhere. We have this case to solve and you are a part of it. You are coming with us to the station." Detective Beckett said as she put the gun down. I looked at her with a raised eyebrow as well as the other two. "Do not look at me like that."