
"We all do new things in life." I said.
"Will this be new to you as you tell me why you were jealous?" He asked.
"I've told guys about the things I was jealous of before."  I said nonchalantly.
"Even your boyfriends that you had before me?"  He asked.
"Yeah...no."  I said and we laughed a little as we were finally in my room.
"Who did you date before me?"  He asked.
"Shhh...  Paul doesn't know.  He's been dying to know ever since I told him I have dated people without him or Dad knowing.  Dad found out as well, but my mom knew."  I said with a reminescent smile.  "My mom and I would always sneak off and go to our favorite diner across town to get milkshakes and talk about it.  It was so much fun.  I felt as if it was just me and a friend sneaking out and having fun talking about our boyfriends and ex's even though my dad and her were married she talked about him and her ex boyfriends.  It was always thrilling to hear about her stories of her youth.  It seemed so much better than my life at the time.  I was actually pretty jealous, but then I remembered what I had and what she didn't have when she was younger."
"What was that?"  He asked just making me look up at him with a bigger smile.
__________________________
Hey ya'll!
I finally updated this chapter into this book.  I actually have to say I am kind of liking how I write this story.  Although, I might have to make a lot of readjustments when I am done with this book.  I think so far I am going at a good pace.  Also remember all of this is coming from the top of my head.  When I write I try to make a lot of scenarios for this book or any book I write.  I also am really trying not to put so much curse words.  I am also trying my best to not say them as well.  Also for all of you readers that don't like it I will try and think of other words to replace them.
Anyways though, I hope you like this chapter.  I think it is a bit rough on my part as I had to rethink it, although I did not rewrite it.  I had to stop writing and do some work for summer school, let's hope I maintain an A in this class I am in though.  I also stop writing and lose my thought when ever my dad calls me or when my dad and his wife and kids need me to do something.  Also when they tell me that we are leaving or about to eat is when I stop writing and sometimes lose my train of thought.
I hope all ya'll are having an amazing summer!  I hope ya'll have a great life!  Lastly I hope ya'll comment, vote, and or follow me.  Also read my other stories.  Also if ya'll think I should make a facebook page for any of my books then comment below!  Another thing before I stop typing and hopefully actually fall asleep since it is 3:19 in the morning in Hawaii where I am, I want you guys to help me decide whether or not I should keep characters or not keep characters or if I should put more scenes with characters you like.  Also tell me which character in this book is your favorite.  I also need a new cover for this book as I am not quite liking the cover I put on it.  Just message me through inbox, comment, or put it on my message board.  What ever you would like to do, or don't do any of it.  Totally fine with me, but this book would be so much better if ya'll helped out and it would make it easier on me.
-Jayla
P.S. I actually highly doubt I'll actually get any sleep.  Another thing is that I will add in something to tell you what the characters in this book look like, which I probably should of already done by now, but I think I've never described a few of my characters.  A thing that I will try to do better on and well just overall improve on my diction.  Have a good morning, evening, afternoon, or night as I don't know where any of you people live!