
"Oh, really? I thought you'd say no." He said as he was happy he didn't get the answer he thought he was going to get.
"I didn't want to say no." I say looking down and away. "I've- I... I liked last nights date." I said instead of telling him that I've always liked him.
"So you did have fun." He said with a big smile.
"Of course I did." I said with a smile of my own.
He then leads me somewhere in the restaurant. I couldn't see at all. He held my hand and made sure I didn't trip though. He talked to me as we were going to the surprise lunch. When he says we're here all I see is darkness. Then he lifts up a blanket and I gasp. Behind the blanket was a table set for two. The table had a white cloth on the table that it went to the floor. The table had two silver trays that were covered. In the middle of the table are irises, white irises. Surrounding the table are flower petals. There are some little candles around the table as well. It makes a circle around us and the two candle holders hold two candle sticks on each side.
"Oh my gosh. Chase. This is beautiful." I say to him.
"Thanks. I got my parents to let me borrow the restaurant and I had done this for you. I'm glad you like it." He said.
He brought me to the seat and helped me scout in. I murmured a thank you to him and he smiled.
"Would you like to see your food?" He asked.
I nodded at him and he lifted the silver covering to reveal the food.
"Tania and Thalia told me how you really like it. I like those as well. They're my favorite." He said making me laugh as it is the food I wanted.
"This was actually what I wanted to eat. Thanks Chase." I said laughing at him.
"Really? Looks like I did the right thing by not listening to my dad." He said as I looked at the coney cheese dog and fries.
"Also some Dr. Pepper." He said handing me a cup filled with ice cold Dr. Pepper.
He sat down revealing that he had the same thing. He put his Dr. Pepper next to his plate. I drank some of my drink and I was happy to have lunch with Chase. I grabbed a fry and dipped it in the chilly cheese on my hot dog.
"No way! You do that to!" He said. "My parents think I'm so weird and the only one to do that!" He says.
I laugh at what he says and reply. "I've been doing this ever since I first got it to eat. Also my dad said that the first time I got it! Paul just looked at me funny."
We laughed at each other but then we decided to eat. We ate talking when we didn't have food in our mouths or drinking our soda.
"So Jaycie, what's one thing you would do if you could?" He asked.
I had a lot of things. I would tell him that I liked him since I first saw him. I would tell him what I am. I would stop lying to him and Skull. I would also want to know why I've been kidnapped.
"That's hard. I have no idea." I said.
"It doesn't have to be something big, it can be something small." He said.
"I don't know yet. What would you do?"
"Well I would want to tell a secret of mine without it spreading around."
"You can tell me. I won't spread it." I said.
"Really?" He says in excitement.
"Really Chase. I won't tell." I say while laughing.