
They all did come out and I brought out 20 bucks and they did the same thing as me and put it on the chair outside the room. I sat down and waited as it took me three minutes to get them out. She was about to say something until I shushed her. I heard my mom's heels clicking as she rounded I slapped the people that reached for the money. Mom came over and asked them if they were the doctors for Jaycie. They nodded and I started to gather the twenties. My mom explained how she has some paperwork to get her nursed at home and it is filed out and had General Leon sign it as well.
"Thanks for taking part of the bet and now you all here now are not to go anywhere near the room that I just took you out of." Then I said lowly for them, "Otherwise I won't hesitate to arrest you."
I showed them my badge really quick and went back in. I let my mom come in and she shut the door and went to calm Mr. Everheart and Paul. I went to Jaycie and did my best to calm her.
"I've got great news Jaycie. You just need to calm down though. You don't need to cry any more okay." I said as I wiped her tears away. She grabbed my arms and nodded with her eyes closed. She and I had our foreheads together. I shushed her and she sucked in a breath. "You ready to hear the good news?"
She nodded to me.
"Yeah." She just barely said.
"Look at me. I want to tell you with you looking at me." She slowly opened her eyes and looked at me. I smiled at her and said, "We're taking you home... I know someone who is willing to nurse you at your house." I said holding her face.
She looked at me with joy in her eyes. She grabbed onto me and hugged me. She kissed my neck multiple times thanking me. I was shocked but I hugged her back with a smile.
"Enough, lets get my patient to her house." The doctor I was talking about said. "I am Doctor Fred Hendrickson. Lets take you to your home. Also if she is to go to school, I will be available at the school as well. I will go anywhere where you go, but I highly recommend that you stay home for most of the time while you are hurt."
She nodded and we started to get her ready. I noticed we didn't have any real clothes to cover her completely so I started to unbutton my shirt. They were looking at me weirdly and asking me what I was doing. I just ignored them and took my button up shirt off. I handed it to Jaycie and she turned a bit red.
"Oh, uh, um, thank you, Chase." She said and we all looked away.
She started to change and when she was ready she told us. Doctor Hendrickson then got all the needed medicine's and many other things from the people he had to see. We patiently waited for him in the waiting room, although Paul made Jaycie and me to keep a very far distance from one another. It was annoying, but I got a phone call that I had to take. In the end her father sat next to her in the car and made Paul and I get separate cars from each other and Jaycie. I got mad, but it was for the better for now. I just hope she'll be fine.
__________________________
Hey ya'll!
How are you guys today? I'm finally updating and I'll try to update sooner, but that might not happen as much during this month. I am in summer school and I am with a vacation at my home in Hawaii with my dad. He's kind of not okay with me being cooped up in the house on a laptop or on my iPod or any electronics really. He wants to spend time with his daughter that he rarely sees. Also the last two weeks of this month I'll still have summer school, but I'll be with my mom. I really want to spend time with them so yeah updates will be slow. This might even be the only update I do this month, sorry 'bout that.
Anyways enough with my summer! Lets talk about books! I had just read this book on Wattpad called Dear Dylan and absolutely loved it! It wasn't so long or to short but for the book itself it was just right! The writer is transloucent. This chapter here is dedicated to her and her book Dear Dylan. Go check her out people!