
"Am I?" I asked joking around.
"I don't know are you?" He seemed totally clueless and it made me laugh.
"How about I tell you everything tomorrow?" I asked him.
"Are you trying to put this off?" He asked me.
"Only a little, Jack doesn't sleep for this long so he's listening into our conversation. He does that all the time when he is just becoming sober." I said.
"Gosh Jaycie, do you have to give out my secrets? Also, I thought I told you to take all my fake ID's and booze out of my house." He said.
"You actually requested me to do that and I was going to, but then I became busy running from our nightmare."
"Should I be here? I mean I didn't mean to intrude, but I thought that Talon and I could bring Jack coffee." Link said.
"Come on in. We aren't going to talk about our nightmare most of us had been through." I said.
"I think the only time I didn't think it was as bad as the other times was when I first met you." Talon said giving Jack the coffee.
Jack took it eagerly as I shivered.
"Are you kidding me? That one had to be one of the times I did the most disgusting thing in the whole world for me." I said.
"Oh stop complaining. I do it for a living along with Thalia, Tania, and Link." He said with a grin.
"It was my first and last time." I said grossed out.
"First and last time doing what?" Chase asked.
"Can I please tell him the story! Please, please, please!" Link asked and I was surprised.
"You told Link?" I asked him.
"Of course I told Link. Link is my best friend." He said.
"I've only told my family."
"I.... oh right.... I forgot to tell my mom and dad about that."
"Seriously? You told Link but not your parents?"
"It must have slipped my mind. I thought you said you were going to tell Thalia?"
"I- I was, but it slipped my mind." I said slowly.
"See, you said you were also going to tell the others." He said.
"You know what I am never doing what I did ever again. How do you like that?"
"Hey, it saves me five bucks. I am good with that." He says raising his arms up in surrender.
"What happened?" Chase and Jack wondered.
"Stop that and Link go ahead and tell them." I said.
"Yes! Anyways, Talon was in the cell hiding in the shadows until Jaycie was thrown in to the cell. Talon stopped her from hitting her head and they started to talk and after that they decided to make a plan. They found out the rouges routine and what goes on. So when Talon was given blood to feed, they used it as part of their plan. The plan was to lure people making them think that Jaycie was going to shift, only something was going wrong with the shift. Jaycie used the blood to spit it out making it look like her own. The people believed what was happening and they unlocked the door. That's when they started to knock the people out and get the other supernatural kids out of there. When Jaycie was going up the stairs to knock out the guards that would check up on the other people she kicked one down the stairs and the other overboard. The other guy was still good, but the guy she thought she kicked down the stairs caught her from behind and tried to take her. Only the many people that was locked up with her wouldn't let that happen. Then they had someone lead the way since they knew the area. Then a happy ending of them going home!"