
"You."  I was furious.  He just smiled at me.
"Hello Skull.  How is everything going?"  He asked me.
"You are such a bastard.  You can't seem to stay out of my families life, can you?"  He looked at me with a slight smile.
"It seems that I can't.  You have a few people that belong to me."  He says.
"None of these people belong to you.  I'll never let you have them."  I gritted.
"How do you two know each other?"  Daniella asked me.
"He was my Dad's best friend when they were younger and became like an uncle to me and my sister until he betrayed not only my father but everyone in my family as he tried to take my sister.  You can go die in a whole you jackass."  I hissed.
"I heard, you are now a mate to a vampire."  He said.
"Who I am mates with does not concern you."  I growled.
"I wonder how she'll feel if someone took the chance of making you a vampire."  He said his teeth elongating even though he was a wolf I knew what he meant by that.
Within seconds he was in front of me, but he has a surprise coming to him.  I ducked and grabbed his feet and pulled them to me making him fall.  I grabbed the cuffs I had and cuffed his hand that was turning into a claw.  He tried going under, but I punched his face and cuffed his other hand, given it was upside down and at a weird angle he deserves it.
"ACTIVATE!"  I yelled as I then kicked his face and turned him.  I kicked him once more across the room and he started to burn from the cuffs.  He started screaming and I pulled my gun out and unloaded it to only load it with a different clip.  Then I shot him.  They all thought I had killed him, which I think he deserves, but I just tranquilized him.  "He's not dead.  Also those are specially made cuffs that will hurt a wolf if given a command.  We only use it on people like him.  I also gave him a sleeping serum, so go get him guys."
"How the heck did you move so damn fast?"  Link asked.  "That was to fast for a normal human."
"I was genetically altered at the age of 8.  I had accidentally messed, okay maybe not accidentally, but I was at my Aunt's lab and decided to mess in her lab and I may have drank something that boosted my speed.  They didn't know whether I was going to die or not, only because no one knew I drank the serum.  Now you guys know and well Tania knew before all of you so none of you can say I told you something before her.  Also do NOT tell my dad."  I said.
"Why do you keep so many secrets from your father?"  Mrs. Everheart asked.
"One, because it's fun to mess with my old man at times and two he hates what I changed my name into in the school system.  Another reason is some secrets are for the better.  He doesn't know about Tania, also yes Tania knows I haven't told him.  Although there are more secrets I have, but he keeps more from me than I keep from him."  I answered.
"You changed your name?  What's your real name?"  Chase asked.
"It's not something you are not going to laugh about.  It's also something that I won't tell you yet."