
"He's-He's, he's Chase O'Neil! What isn't wrong with him!" Paul exasperated.
"What isn't wrong with him? Hmm. I can answer that. He tells compliments to your sister, he is nice, he really likes your sister. Maybe he is your sisters mate, Paul. Have you ever thought of that? She won''t know until she is 16 like Tania. Give him some slack. It isn't like he did something bad to you." I said annoyed.
"Tessa, you to? Actually you don't know that." Paul said a bit angry himself.
"Go take a run. I'm going to hang with your sister. Gosh Paul. Sure I've only known you for a few days, but don't get so dang worked up. I'll see you later. Bye Mr. Everheart. I hope you have a better day after this. I'll drop Jaycie off back home soon."
"You aren't going to stay for the sleep over that Jaycie asked if you could stay for?" Mr. Everheart asked. "Also I said you could call me Derrick, Tessa."
"I'll be late. I need to talk to Lakyn, Chelsea, and Chaston."
"Alright have a good day Tessa." He said.
"I would of had a great day. Thank you Paul for ruining it." I snickered as I left and went to my car.
"Tessa get back here." Paul said.
"No." I started the car and stepped on the gas to reverse after I checked both sides.
He yelled for me to get back, but I didn't. I just kept driving to the mall.
__________________________
*Jaycie's POV*
"You didn't!" I laughed after he told me the story.
"I'm serious, I did!" He said with a lopsided grin. "I couldn't help it! It was at the perfect timing and she deserved it! She slapped my sister so why not give her a big huge whip cream water balloon?" He couldn't help but chuckle as I continued to laugh.
He explained how he embarrassed a girl after the girl slapped his sister for "stealing" her boyfriend (who she currently is still with), who, by the way asked her out. He said he had a big sling shot that was a foot and a half wide and a foot tall. The balloon was about 10 inches big. He had said that he and Skull loaded the balloon on and accidentally shot it at her when they came in the cafeteria. They accidentally did it because they were waving at a friend who said 'hey, what's up?' The balloon launched towards the doors and the girl just so happened to be coming in and it hit her. Then he had laughed and Skull was just staring at her with an opened mouth as he couldn't laugh or speak.
"What happened after that?" I asked him.
"Well, Skull and I had a hand on our shoulders. We both looked and saw the Vice Principle."
"Ha-ha wow. What did he do?"
"He gave us a month worth of detention and we had to help clean the cafeteria." He said which made me laugh as we heard a knock on the car window.
We looked to see who it was to see Tessa. Chase rolls the window down and she leans down to the door.
"Hey Tessa!" I smiled at her, but saw she wasn't looking to happy with that fake smile. "What's wrong Tessa??"
"We can talk about it later. Come on Jay lets go shopping!" She said this time she was actually grinning.
"Alright." I answered.
I was going to get out of the car until Chase grabbed my hand.
"What? No kiss good-bye?" He asked.