
"Who's my target?" Chase asked.
"SHE isn't a target. SHE is someone to watch over. You may not say no to this case either. I want you on this case." I said.
"Who is SHE? Also SHE isn't a target why?" He asked.
"The generals isn't going to let you kill a girl who is just as smart as you nor are they going to let you kill a girl who has been through many terrible experiences for doing nothing wrong. She has a clean file and just a few months ago her mother died or really was murdered."
"Where is this going?" He asked hesitantly. "Why does that sound like someone from MY school?"
"Because it is. Here's Jaycie Everheart's case. I want you to read her file. I also want you to friend her."
"Well about, umm Jaycie. The funny thing is that umm I already know her and I can't do this." He answered uncomfortably.
"I told you, you can't deny this case and you aren't going to." I said.
"Mom, you don't understand! I can't watch her she already thinks I am a creep, pervert, and a player. Also she hasn't been to school for almost a month. I think she still hates me for hurting her friend that one time."
"Son, I do not care. You'll just have to apologize to the girls and try to get to know them." I answered ending the conversation.
He grumbled under his breath, but I didn't care. He was reading the file and that's all that I care about.
__________________________
*Chase's POV*
Why me? Jaycie Everheart hates my guts. She and I don't talk to each other ever since Tracy and I broke up. Tracy made it look like she did nothing wrong, but it was Tracy who cheated. I just broke up with her.  Tracy had told Jaycie, the nicest person to walk the earth and the person that I actually liked, I cheated on her. I know Morse and he said to give it time. It probably will pass she hates being mean. She and I haven't talked for the longest time and the feelings haven't left.  Now I have to watch her?!? Mom, you are going to kill me one day and this might be the day.  I heard feet so I got up and opened the door just as they were going to knock.
"General Esperon, General Leon. It's nice to see you again." I said letting the door open.
They came in only General Esperon scowled. He never did like me.
"Good Morning Chase and Angelique." General Leon said with a salute to both of us which I returned.
"Morning Angelique, what are you doing here Chase?" General Esperon asked.
"My son is here because this case is for him. He hasn't had a case for 2 months. I told him the next case that is challenging is his. While this isn't a challenging case it's his." Mom answered as I sat down reading Jaycie's file.
'Sure this case isn't challenging. That's like saying General Esperon loves me as his son.'  I thought with a roll of my eyes.
As I was looking at her file I was surprised. Even her brother's file is here. Morse along with Thalia and Tania. Then the last two file's were Justin's and another person's. It was huge. This persons been to jail he's been to college he's done everything. Apparently he has only been to jail in Italy. It was also a mix up. Wow. I've never seen this guy before.
"Who is Alexander Hopper?"
"I guess we'll start with him. Alexander Hopper is a white caucasian. He has been around many places. He likes to travel and make friends. Alexander Hopper also just so happens to be her brother. Only she doesn't know because before her mother and father got together, her father had a boy. Of corse that was four years before she was born and three before her brother's birth.