
"Yeah I am, um, present. I'm Jaycie Everheart." I said slowly gulping as they were out of the way when I looked inside. It hadn't changed as much. I frown at the inside.
"What's wrong, Jaycie?" Mr. Sharp asked.
I was going to reply when Tania came over.
"Hi Mr. Sharp! Jaycie needs a moment to breathe. May I talk to you about something sir?" She said.
"Take as long as you want Jaycie just don't throw up. If you feel like that go to the nurse alright?" Mr. Sharp said.
I shut my eyes nodding at him. I heard their foot steps fade and a door close. I opened my eyes yet I still have the overwhelming sadness in the pit of my stomach.
Turning away is what I thought would be the best. When I did I was almost face to face to someone who was going to go around me to get to class. I stepped back automatically before we had hit one another. They yelled out a sorry and I just leaned against the wall feeling out of it. I took my water bottle out and took a swig from it.
"Hey Jaycie. Are you alright?"
"I'm alright. I'll be fine." I said with a sigh and just breathing.
"Do you want anything to drink or something?" Chase asked me worriedly.
"No thank you." I said finally opening my eyes and giving him a sheepish smile. "I-I got my own here. Thanks though."
He smiled at me. I smiled back just looking back at the classroom and frowning a bit.
"Hey try not to think about it alright. Just pretend its all new. It's different on the inside once you go farther in." He said.
I gulped as I nodded at him.
"Right." I murmured as Tania came out with a smile.
"Hey it's alright. You don't have to come in right away. You can go around to your teachers to try and catch up. You can take anyone with you, but I have to be with you to make sure you aren't slacking off." She said with a devilish grin making me laugh.
"Like you would. You get off track easier than I get mad. You get off track within a snap." I said snapping my fingers and laughed at the face she gave me.
Chase was grinning at that.
"Hey do you mind if you help me with Biology? Your in my Bio class and well just about every class that I went to so far." I said to Chase.
"Sure let me just ask..."
"Go. He notices that your out here with us your all good. Just come with us to the library. He just gave us the thumb's up." Tania said.
"Wow just like that?" I said super surprised.
"Just like that. Now lets go!" Tania said grabbing both of our hands as we go to the library to do my homework and work on it.