
Morse came next to him as well as another boy as they put their arms around him.
"Now that you mention it. I'm your brother now as well as Greg since our older sister is your brothers mate." Morse said with a smile.
"Also I am Tessa's brother so I am now your brother whether you like it or not." The boy said.
"Morse, where are you? Morse?" Speaking of older sisters there's Morse's older sister, Kiara.
"Hey Kiara. Are you going to say welcome back to Mrs. Everheart?" Morse said as she looked at me.
"MRS. EVERHEART!!!" She squealed as she raced over hugging me. Then she looked up at me and opened her mouth saying, "Derrick was being mean to me!"
"That's so not true!" My husband said. "I didn't do anything!"
"He had me taking care of Alexander at first I didn't know that he would be my mate but I thought it was some random rouge!"
"Derrick, what did I say about being nice to Kiara?"
"Hey, I was! It turned out perfectly fine after that! Once they saw each other they got along! Plus she said that she would haunt me in my dreams! She was being mean to me!" He defended.
"Kiara, what did I say about threatening Derrick?"
"I didn't say that completely! Okay, maybe I did, but he didn't let me finish my sentence therefore it is not a threat!" She said.
"I don't care, I am done having this conversation with you two. You both are grounded."
"What you can't do that?!?" They both said.
"I sure can. I am married to you and your mother says that I can punish you if you are not being nice. You both are grounded for a month."
"What?!? No! Lily!" They both said and I shook my head.
"Don't you Lily me you two. What I say goes." I stated.
"Wow, I have such a childish father and soon to be sister." Jaycie said.
"Hey I wouldn't be talking if I were you. You are going to be stuck in the house because of this." Paul said.
"Why? I didn't do anything!" Jaycie said.
"Jaycie, you just got kidnapped, you're stuck in the house and no friends that I do not know. The only places you'll be going is with us, home, or school. Understood?"
Before Jaycie could fight with her brother Alexander covered her mouth.
"Hey, how about we cut the jibber jabber and get everyone home. Let's introduce everyone that is new to Mom and Daniella at the house." Alexander said. "Come on Kiara. I'll be helping with my mom about your punishment as we decide what it is."
"That's not fair though! You are suppose to be on my side!" Kiara pouted as he grabbed her hand and we all leave as a group and others join us and give me hugs and kisses on the cheek if I knew them.
*****
We were back at my home and I notice it is clean and there were new furniture. There were also new pictures. It was all the things that I wanted in the house that I wanted to replace or add in. I had tears in my eyes. It was in the places that I wanted it to be and everything was just perfect. Derrick looked at me and saw that I had tears and was concerned.
"Lily are you alright? Is something wrong?" He asked me and I shook my head no. He sighed a relieved sigh at that. "Then why are you crying sweetie?"