
"Jaycie, calm down." My mom said as it was her hand. She softly caressed my back.  I shiver as it reminded me of the many scars on my back with the many memories. I shut my eyes and nodded. A tear was going down my face but I furiously wipe at it. I hate crying. "Shh, shh, shh, it's okay Jaycie. No one is going to hurt you."
I felt a tug then. I jerked out of the grasp. I knew it wasn't my mom's as I looked around. W-w-whe-where am I?!? Looking around I'm in an abandoned hallway. There was nothing in it. No pictures nothing. There were only cobwebs and cracks in the wall. At first it didn't look familiar, I mean what abandoned hallway would, right? Although as I took the surroundings in and saw a man disappear, I gasp. I'm finally remembering this hallway. I back away slowly.
'No! No! I-I can't be here!  Why am I here?  I didn't want to get out of here years ago to only come back!?!  Where is the stairway upstairs?  Come on, Jaycie!  Think!  You knew this place top to bottom when you were first taken!  You know where to go...?'
I'm just panicking as I look around.  I have to remember this place!  This is the place that they had taken me to multiple times!  Talon, Link, and I use to know this place like the back of our hands. I get up off the ground to go down the ridiculously long hallway. I try to open door after door. None of them will open! As I see one last door, I get even more scared.  I continue to panic and be paranoid as this door won't open u either! I try to open the door tugging and pushing on the door, but it won't budge!
"Mom! Dad!" I yelled trying to find everyone.
"Xander! Paul!" I yell out as I start crying.
"Daniella! James! Someone! Please answer me! Where are you?" I cry out as I run as fast as I can down the hall.  As I turn the corner I trip, I scream as I try to catch myself. When I do, my palms start to hurt. Although my adrenaline is at an all time high and I get up trying to run, but I hear something down the hall.
I see people coming down the hallway pointing at me. I gasp again turning and running off. I go down the hall and stop at a banister seeing two stairwells. I turn left deciding that may be the way out.  They are getting closer and yelling at me. I just run down to go down the stairs. I'm running and running when I felt something hit me. I fall hitting my face as something wraps around my legs, looking at my feet it's some kind of wire. I try getting it off. I start crying as I try getting it off. I'm tugging and tugging but it won't come off.
"Stupid thing! G-get off me!" I yell at the object tied at my feet even if I know it can't hear me. I look up and they are getting closer and closer. I cry harder and barely see anything as I try getting it off. I tug and tug until I finally get it off as I try to back away to try and get up again.
I was running and running. I heard my name being called out but I don't pay attention to the voice. All I see is blurry people chasing after me getting closer and closer. I sob as I continue to face forward and run. I saw two doors open ahead but, I tried to not think much of it as I ran.
As I was in between the doors, someone lunged at me and tackled me down into another room. I gasped and groaned at the pain I felt.  I gripped onto my stomach as that adrenaline I had a few moments ago is slowly dissipating.  Looking up, I thought I was back in the mall again.  I frantically look around and see that I was on the floor of the restaurant.  Next to me is James.  He was on the floor catching his breathe with his eyes shut. He was sprawled out and one of his arms was under me.  I slowly got up gasping for breath as it was hard for me as I tasted something metallic in my mouth.  Something was dripping from my nose as well.  When I turned to look at him I saw that he opened his eyes to look at me.