
"Jaycie, it isn't your fault. Don't say it is." Paul said.
"But you don't understand! It is! They didn't need to kidnap Link, Talon, Morse, or Chase, because they only needed to have me. The prophecy is about me and Daniella." I had yelled at first until I became quieter.
"What prophecy?" Alpha Blake asked.
"Just some prophecy about bringing peace to all species, also how did you know I was a part of it?" She asked.
"The wizard told me." I said and she smiled.
"Speaking of him, where is he? He said he'd be here by now?" She said looking at the time.
Just then she was put onto his lap and grinning.
"I told you I would be on time." He said.
"I thought I wouldn't see you any time soon?" I asked him.
"You all did as I said. Escape by tonight and it's not even midnight. It's around 10 o'clock to 11 o'clock. Also you might see me a lot." He said.
"Don't tell me. Golden boy is Daniella's mate, isn't he?" Paul asked.
"Yes, I am." He said with a sly smile.
"My father never noticed. No one knew he and I were mates only because I made sure of it. My magic is the best when it comes to erasing minds." Daniella said.
"Not entirely true, your father had his suspicions he just didn't know." He said.
She rolled her eyes and told him to shut up.
"So you see the future and have magic, right?" I asked him.
"Yes, I do." He responded.
"How many warriors did I have? You said I would have close friends or something as warriors." I said.
"Don't worry about that right now. You and everyone that was kidnapped or was with that ruthless man should go to sleep. Also You have school stuff to do tomorrow. You haven't done your homework." He said. "Actually, if I hadn't said anything you would of all forgot about that and you all have some type of homework due Monday or Tuesday. Also I won't call the person out by name, but I would do what it says on that website for that teacher that posts "everything" on her website as you will be talking about the story in class."
Everyone of us groaned. Our parents sent us to bed, but I didn't want Chase to leave. Everyone left Tessa went upstairs with Paul and Kiara went upstairs with Alexander. I was at the door with Chase now and frowning. He saw my frown and grabbed my chin lightly making me look up.
"Hey, it's ok. I'll text you. I'll come back tomorrow and get you after your-."
"Chase, why don't you stay here?" Mom said.
"What?" Dad said confused only Mom whacked him.
"Really?" I asked excitedly and my mom nodded.
"Why not? Call your mom and dad first. I wouldn't want them to worry to much. You can sleep over if you want to." Mom said.
I turned and begged him to stay.
"Please stay! Please, please, please? Pretty please with a cherry on top?" I asked a little excitedly.
He chuckled.
"Let me call my mom." He said.
"Yay! Thank you Mom and Dad."
"I didn't appr-. Of course Jaycie." Mom elbowed Dad before he could finish his first sentense, but I didn't care. I told Chase that I'd wait for him upstairs as he calls his mom to stay and he nodded. I went upstairs after giving him a kiss on the cheek and doing the same to my mom and dad. Only I hugged Daniella and her mate. I ran upstairs and got ready for bed as I waited and maybe fixed up my dirty clothes a little.