
Chapter 28
*Mrs. Everheart's POV*
When we were on a foreign territory once someone from Link's family teleported us I saw Jaycie's friends. Jaycie was still knocked out as they didn't have a lot of food. They had enough water but not food. That's why Talon is awake. Daniella healed him and made him eat and drink. I looked at them and they finally saw me. They were all shocked.
"Mrs. Everheart, you're alive?" Tania said and I smiled.
"It's so great to see you as well. Come here Tania." I said gesturing her over since she was also like a daughter to me.
She came over and hugged me and I hugged her as well and once I looked at her I gave her a smile.
"I hear you got what you wanted." I said to her with a slight smug smile. "I told you you would."
She blushed red.
"Ummm... Ughh... Yeah, I did." She said a little embarassed.
"What, what did you get?" Skull asked.
"Mind your own business mister." Thalia said as she raced over and hugged me as well and I hugged her as well. "I missed you a whole lot. You are one of the mom's I like from all the mom's I know that are my friends parents."
"I'm glad to know that." I said with a slight laugh.
"Mrs. Everheart." Justin said.
"Hey there Justin." I said and he hugged me as well. I smiled at my kids best friends.
"I like how you all are getting a reunion, but we need food and water for Jaycie." Chase said as he has Jaycie in his arms as he is in the car with her.
"Here, I have some food. Chasten said to get it from the pack house when some Daniella girl told him. I came as fast as I could." A girl said.
"Thanks Tessa." Chase said as he grabbed the food and water as Daniella used her magic that she got from her fathers side. Her fathers side is nice except her father for some reason.
"Mom... I-is that you?" I turned to see my son and I couldn't help but let go of a small tear as I nodded at my son.
He was a bit shocked, but I ran over to my son and hugged him. He hugged me back as soon as I grabbed him.
"I can't believe it's you." He said as he tightened his hold on me. "I've missed you so much Mom."
"I've missed you as well." I said to my son and when I looked up I saw Alexander and Greg. I let go of Paul and smiled up to Alexander. "Alexander, is that you?"
He looked over and froze to only give a grin and run over to me and hug me. I laughed as I hugged him back. When he let me go I frowned.
"Boy, what did I tell you about getting tall? I thought I told you to stop growing." I teased him and he laughed.
"I'll grow all I want. It's not my fault your short." He said with a smug smile.
I scoffed at him and whacked his arm.
"I am not short! I am fun sized! We have talked about this!" I said and he laughed along with a few others.
"Lily, is that you?" I turned only to see my husband and he still had his wedding ring on. I couldn't help but let a few more tears out. I raced over and jumped on him as I hugged him. He hugged me back and held me up. "I thought I lost you." He had said with a cracked voice.
I laughed as I said "Please, you aren't getting rid of me that easily. I'll live forever and ever."