
Chapter 30
*Olivia's POV*
'Why did I agree to this?' I thought to myself. 'How could I agree with this?'
I have no idea why I let Jaycie solve this by letting him cook for me. My parents are gone! I never invite strangers, especially other guys into my house when my parents are gone! I-I mean, it's me! Olivia 'goody-two shoes' Parker! I am the good one of the family! I make sure everyone is on time and I am pretty much as a little secretary for the family. What if they-?
"Olivia, stop pacing already. You're gonna make a hole in the ground." Jake scoffed.
"How can I?!?!?" I yelled frustratedly. "I just invited practically a stranger to our house and they're a guy?!?"
He chuckled.
"Yes I know." He says smugly.
"Jake, Jack, whatever you want me to call you, what if Mom and Dad come home?"
"Then blame it on me." He said.
"What?" I asked stopping my pacing.
"Blame it on me." He repeated.
"But, you are already in so much trouble." I said.
"A little bit more trouble can not harm me Liv. Don't you remember the last time this happened? I was perfectly fine. Plus Liv, it's your first date that I've been dying to see you go on!" He said throwing his hands up.
I rolled my eyes.
"Let me be innocent Jake." I said.
He chuckled and then looked at me. He was silent for a little while as he just stared at me. I cocked my head.
"What? Why are you looking at me like that?" I asked.
He sadly smiled as he came closer to me.
"They could have taken you at any time and any day. I wasn't here to see you grow up and I missed seeing you be strong and I missed helping you grow up strong because of the selfish reasons to be stupid and drink so that I wouldn't get captured. I'm so sorry I started to drink. I know I was a bad example and I am so glad that you didn't take after me. Everyday as I was out I always thought of you. You were always on my mind sis." He said and I walked up to him and hugged him.
"I missed you." I said with a small tear.
He hugged me back and rubbed my back gingerly.
"I'll always look after you." He said and that made me smile.
*ding dong*
The sound of my doorbell ringing made us separate. He smiled.
"Call me Jake sis."
"Ok."
Then he and I went to the door finding Morse, Jaycie and Justin at the door with groceries.
"I... Wow. You guys have a bit of a lot." I said.
"I bought things even if you had them." Morse said.
"Oh, well you guys can come inside." I said and showed them where the kitchen was but Jaycie just rushed there and started to walk faster to my brother grabbing his hand and pulling him out.
"Where are you taking Jake?" I asked confused.
"Yeah, where are you going Jaycie?" Morse asked confused as well.
She stopped and turned to us.
"Did I forget to tell you guys? I am going to be hanging out with Tania and the others with Jake and Justin. Come on Justin!"