
"Get in line, I've heard that quite a lot." I said as I some what reminisced.
"I would not be surprised." My mom said. "A lot of people say that when you're winning or they are getting a beating and about to be taken in."
"Yup, I am used to it now. Also everyone that tried to kill your first born was taken in or beaten by one of us." I said with a grin.
"We'll take General Esperon some where safe you need to go to Jaycie and see if she is okay." General Leon said.
"As much as I don't want you to, General Leon is right you have to go to Jaycie." Mom said.
I nodded and grabbed my bag taking out car keys.
"I'm taking my go to car, Mom." I said and she nodded as she was taking the Generals to a safe place.
______________________________
*Jaycie's POV*
I was laughing at Talon as he had made a joke. Talon and Morse just so happened wanted to go to the diner as well. I was going because I wanted to and I am going to meet Chase here. Right now Morse, Talon and I are just talking. It was like the first time I came home from my kidnapping with Talon. Apparently Talon and Morse were suppose to make up new terms since they were going to be future leaders of their species and we were actually getting closer so they needed to renegotiate a new deal. Morse only went because Greg was busy and Talon specified that he needed it to be that day.
"Hey guys," I started and they stopped laughing to look at me, "do you two remember when you guys had to renegotiate new terms?"
They smiled a bigger smile.
"Yeah I remember that. That was the day that Morse and I saw you and both said hi. Morse and I were confused at how either of us knew you." Talon said.
"Then I told you about how I know Morse and I told you how I know Talon."
"That was a great day."
"Yeah, it was." Morse said with a smile.
That's when I heard an overly loud car driving haphazardly. Talon, Morse and I covered our ears as it was really loud. It sounded like it was on it's way over here. Who ever is driving it needs to slow down or calm down their car. Morse and Talon hated the overly loud car noise like me. I was getting irritated as it continued. I couldn't have waited for it to stop. Although more noise came as it got closer and closer. The other wolves, vampires and any other creature that could hear it becoming louder and louder covered their ears as well.
Soon it actually stopped in front of the diner. We mind linked the people to stay and get the others to stay as well. They did what we asked as we went to go check it out. Chase got out of the car right away.
"You two aren't safe. Where's Link and Jack? I need to get you guys out of here and away from this town. Right now. Jaycie, Talon get in the car." Chase said.
Talon and I were confused. What the hell is he talking about?
"Why?" Talon asked as he and I just stood there confused.
"Come on just trust me. Otherwise your going to get kidnapped again. I'll explain everything on the way to get Link and Jack." Chase said.
"If they're going then I am too." Morse said.
"No, Morse I really can't let you do that."
"If he doesn't come then I won't go." Talon said.
"Jaycie and Talon. I'm trying to help you here, if Morse came with us than that would call a war between rouges and his pack. These rouges though they aren't any kind of rouges. Hurry before Cain gets here with his brother."