
"You got the new furniture and pictures and put them in all the right places." I said and hugged him. He smiled as he hugged me back.
"I'm glad you like it Lily."
"Why don't we all go to the living room?" I said and they all came in to my new looking living room. We all sat in different couches or chairs. Once Derrick sat on the corner of the couch he pulled me onto his lap and I didn't care, but I did want to go take a shower. While I did get to shower and have clothes I'd rather take a shower in my bathroom knowing I haven't been home for months. I told Daniella to sit next to us and she hesitantly did. That's when Derrick made me happy that he is my one and only.
"Welcome to your new home Daniella. I'm glad to finally meet my daughter."
Daniella looked at him and smiled as she hugged us.
"We will buy you clothes tomorrow and we can have a family shopping day." Paul and Jaycie groaned.
"No, Mom, I don't like shopping." Paul said.
"You are going no matter what and so are you Jaycie, you aren't walking out of this one. We will be going tomorrow and you'll help your sister find clothes. Anyways Paul, who is your mate and what is her brothers name?" I asked my son.
"Oh right, I forgot to introduce myself. Hello, Mrs. Everheart, I am Lakyn. My sister is Tessa and she is Paul's mate."
"Oh, the girl that got Jaycie food for my daughter?" I asked as the girl sat down next to Paul.
"Hmmm. I got the food for Jaycie. What are we doing? I was just on the phone, which I am sorry about that. My parents wanted to know what was going on and where I was. It also looks like you'll be meeting my parents for the first time Paul. Also is this your mom that everyone thought was dead?" She asked.
"Yes it is my mom. Tessa, Mom. Mom, Tessa. Also I'm meeting them today? Don't you think that is a bad idea?" He asked her.
"No, I don't." She said and Lakyn looked at his sister sighing as he shook his head.
"Tess, did you tell Mom and Dad we were in a fight?"
"Yes..." She said confused. "Why wouldn't I?"
Lakyn looked at her and opened his mouth to say something to only shut it. He looked at Paul.
"Yeah you're screwed. I'd run before my-." That's when the doorbell sounded and Chasten just opened the door as he came right in.
"Hey Paul, yeah, you might want to hide or run. You can choose."
"Paul, don't listen to Chasten. Tessa would love for you to meet her parents." A girl said whacking Chasten's arm.
"Owe." He said after someone else hit the back of his head. "Dad! Come on! Don't be like this you two!"
"Jerry, be nice to our son. Also hello Mr. and Mrs. Everheart, we are the Alpha's from the next territory Lila and Jerry, along with our Beta's Mack and Natasha. Is the Alpha's and Beta's here?"
"We are." My best friend said and I smiled at them.
"You may all come in." I said and they all did.
Mack went straight to his daughter as Natasha went to her son asking if they are alright.
"Mom, Dad we are fine. Tessa stayed back helping others while Paul and I went to go rescue people." Lakyn said grabbing his mothers hands.
"Then why do I see a bruise on your arm?" She asked.