
"Coming!"
"What?" Morse and I said in surprise.
"You said..."
"Bye Morse! Bye Olivia!" Jaycie said interrupting him and they dashed out. My mouth hung as I thought that Jake would just be upstairs not out with them.
"I guess we are here alone." Morse said with a sigh that sounded annoyed as they slammed the door shut.
"Is-is that a problem?" I asked but I was more nervous than offended.
"Oh, no, no, no, no! I didn't mean that in a bad way!" Morse said talking with his hands as well.
"Right..." I said.
Morse bit his lip. Then he sighed.
"Ok, we are getting on the wrong foot again." He said with a sigh. "Well, I'll just introduce myself properly. I'm Morse." He said.
"Olivia, my name is Olivia."
"Well, Olivia, what are you, because I know Jake is a werewolf, but you hide your scent and for all I know you could be a beautiful angel." He said as we sat down in the living room after he set the grocieries down in the kitchen. I blushed after he had said that.  Did he really say that to me?  He thinks I could be an angel?
"No, no I am werewolf like my brother." I said trying to hide my blush but I watched him out of the corner of my eyes.
"That's a major surprise." He said and he actually looked surprised.
"Why is that?" I asked him.
"I'm the son of the Alpha." He said and my eyes widened.
Not only am I letting a strange boy into my house, but the strange boy that I have been disrespecting is my Alpha's son?!? I sputter for a few seconds until I repeat what he said in my head again. Oh lordy, I've been disrespecting the Alpha's son! I can't believe it! I get up and was about to bow and apologize but he stopped me from doing that.
"Wow, wow, it's ok don't bow. I hate it when people do that. I'm not future Alpha, I'm only his son. I'm not going to care if you 'disrespect me', I deserved what I got and I'm the only one that needed to apologize. So, please don't apologize or bow at me please." He said helping me sit down.
I was taken a back in surprise. He doesn't want to be treated like how an Alpha should be treated?
"It doesn't matter that you aren't going to be an Alpha. You are still a son of an Alpha and you still are an Alpha whether you like it or not. I still have to treat you with respect." I said with a frown.
He chuckled and shook his head.
"Wow, you aren't what I expected. I didn't expect that." He said.
"Why is that?"
"I actually expected you to just smile and say an ok. Not that."  He said meaning what I had just said as he motioned towards me.  "When I told Jaycie she was excited about it because her mom and dad said to still treat me with respect but when they noticed that we were friends and loved to mess around they gave up and just laughed. Same with my brother and Jaycie's brother, they are best friends and soon he will be Beta along with my brother becoming Alpha." He said while reminiscing a little.
I smiled at him. He was...different. I hadn't expected this at all. I can feel myself liking him already. He's really cute. His eyes are amazing. He is just a likeable person from what I got from Jaycie when I didn't want to talk to her about him but I see what she means. He's a good guy.