
I rolled my eyes and started to apologize.
"I'm sorry Detective my brother is stupid at times and rude and just about another word that I can't think of. Anyways may you let them talk to me alone for five minutes please?" I asked after I made fun of Paul.
"We are not done. After the two minutes of talking to them. We are going back to questioning." She said looking right at me and leaving the room.
"Anyways," I said as she left, "what is it that you have to tell me?"
"Stay seated and let him tell you." Paul said.
I nod slowly as I was curious.
"Weellll, before we continue on my name is Alexander, you can call me anything along Alex or Alexander I don't care. Also yeah, you might want to stay seated." He said.
"Before we go any further, if Paul did something and he said I was apart of it, it's a lie. What ever he did I am very very sorry Xander." I said.
"Oh no! Paul didn't do anything! Also Xander?"
"Why do you think I cause trouble with everyone I meet?" Paul said throwing his arms around and being dramatic.
I just looked at him. "Your Paul. Who do you not meet and cause trouble to?"
"Jenny, Tessa, Chasten, Lakyn..."
"No, don't even go on. You did cause trouble on them. Lakyn and Chasten had been glaring at you for something in the cafeteria and Tessa had felt uncomfortable about something until you did something and in that case that means you brain washed her. Then Jenny, she doesn't like you, so there has to be bad chemistry there and or you did something. And yes, Xander. I never knew a Xander and so I want to call you Xander since your name is AleXANDER." I emphasized the Xander part in Alexander as I finished and looked at my iPod. "You got exactly a minute to tell me everything. Go."
"Oh right. So you see your father had met someone before you two were born and I am what came from them. I am your half brother. Don't get mad please, Dad hadn't known somethings when he was young and only found out when I was 1 and yeah that's what happened." He had said that really fast.
I mainly only heard, "Oh right...someone...your...mad please,..found...1...happened."
"What?" I asked.
"My goodness! Alex! Even I couldn't understand you! Why did you go so fast?!? You know what I'll explain with one sentence." He said and turned to me. "Jaycie, Xander here is our half-brother."
Paul pointed at Xander and I just blinked a few times and looked at Xander. I looked for similarities between our parents and noticed that he actually looked like Dad. I was fairly upset with this. I didn't know how to react. So I just got my iPhone out and started to text. Paul asked me what I was doing only I put my finger up for one moment.
I got a reply from Dad with in a few moments of asking the question through text.
'Yes, Alexander is your brother.' He texted me.
I just nodded short little nods and shut my phone off. Now I was really upset.
"How old are you?" I asked.
"I am 19." Xander said.
I still nodded. I lightly and gently put my phone down. I got up and started to paste. What else do I have in my pockets that might break? I noticed that I had my iPod and my new headphones as well as my pocket had something else. I pulled it out and found a bracelet that I loved and gently put it on the table.