
"Don't you mean party till the sun's down?"  She asked.
"Huh, no he sadly means until he is unconscious Beth.  I'm sorry I ever introduced you to him."  I said as he pouted at me.
"Come on!  I'm the best out of us three guys!  I'm the one that gets you two to do stupid stuff and get a laugh at it later!"  He says.
"That's because you pay us money and then you get us into trouble.  It's like making a deal with the devil with you."  I said and all he did was grin as he took us to the living room.
We danced and danced.  We  messed around.  Maybe even drank some drinks I shouldn't have.  Then it's hazy after that.
*****
I woke up in the morning in a room I can't even remember how I got in.  I looked around and saw something in the bed with me.  That's when panic set in.  I looked and saw my shirt on still and my pants.  Oh thank goodness!  I saw that it was Beth.  She scooted closer to me and I saw that her lips were bruised and I only now just feel my head hurt.  I groaned as I laid on my back.
"Oh gosh."  I murmured.  Someone decided to come in that time.
I looked up and saw Blake look at me and he had a shocked and happy expression.  I looked at him and then covered my face.
"Please tell me I didn't do anything stupid Blake.  Please tell me I didn't."  I said in a voice over a whisper, but not so loud.
"Dude, I don't know.  Don't you remember?"  He asked.
"No, I think I drank."  I grumbled and my head hurt.  I groaned again and turned and my nose softly came into contact with Beth's and that's when Blake shut the door and hid behind it.  My eyes were wide a bit and she was waking up.  I gulped and tried to make myself look like I was asleep. Only I looked at her slightly bruised lips.  She smiled.  Then the smile drifted to a frown.  She looked under the bed and breathed out a sigh.
"I thought we did it to.  So I'm guessing you don't remember anything as well huh?"  I said in a light soft voice.
She looked back.
"I do remember one thing."  She said.
"What is that?"  I asked and I saw her look at my lips and blush.
I chuckled.  I knew what she meant.
"I see."  I said with a smile shaking my head with a chuckle.
"D-D-Derrick?'  She asked and I looked to her.
"Yes?"  I asked.
"Do-Did you like me before today?"  She asked.
She wasn't looking at me.  So I answered her question in a different way.  Instead of telling her I kissed her. She was surprised.  She had her eyes wide, but I closed my eyes.  It felt wrong kissing her, but I pushed past that feeling.  I loved kissing her.  She was the person I could only think about ever since I met her.
~End of flashback~
"Months later we were together and have been to a few parties.  Lets just say after what happened at the third one were astonished.  Because we were in a bed just unlike the first time we actually did and that's when she was pregnant.  When Alexander was born I didn't know what to do.  I would of proposed to Bethany and I was until I heard a growl.  That growl was my wolf and I had shifted that day as well.  That was when your mother was a rouge as she had smelt my scent and ran after me.  She was helping me as Blaze had came as well.  He was looking at her weirdly when he got there.  All she did was yell at him.  'Don't just stand there!  Your going to be his Alpha!  You're going to have to help him!  Hurry up and help my mate!'  When she said that I was so confused.  Although she said that I didn't think she was crazy.  Blake helped and I turned into a wolf and was a late bloomer.  Then that's how I met your mother and then I explained to Beth that I couldn't do it, but I didn't want to leave Alexander either and if I could take back my actions and take him with me I would of."  I finished.