
"Yes, Alpha Chasten?"  I asked.
"Make sure Lakyn keeps his hands to himself other wise he might just mess the treaty up.  Lakyn is a dork, but I think you already knew that."  Everyone, but Lakyn laughed.
Lakyn had a pout on his face which made Tessa and I laugh even louder.
"What is it, Insult Lakyn Day?"  Lakyn asked dramatically as he crossed his arms.
"Ok ok.  Knock it off Chasten and lets go."  Chelsea said as she stopped laughing.  "Behave you three."
"We will!"  We yelled after them as they left.
"Okay then.  I'll write the treaty and you two can tell me what to write.  There will be two treaties one for each side.  One will hold the rules for our territory and that will be for you and Alpha Greg, then the other will be rules from your territory, that'll be for Alpha Chasten and Lakyn."  Tessa said.
I just gave her a soft smile and nod.
"Alright.  Have you done this before?"  I asked.
"My mom taught me.  She's done it before and she told me how to write a treaty and how to roll it up without bending the paper.  I thought it was stupid at first, but I noticed how the paper bends easily.  It was actually pretty hard at first."  She said with a smile.
I smile back and nod.  Lakyn groaned.
"Stop with the googly eyes and lets write this."  Lakyn said making his sister blush and me sheepishly smile.
*****
It took us about half an hour to discuss all the rules and get a rough draft.  Then it took Tessa about 20 minutes to write each treaty with the different rules.  I was actually happy I didn't have to do that and I am glad that she did all the writing.  She had really nice handwriting to.  Lakyn, Tessa and I then started to talk about random things then they asked me something that I wasn't shocked to hear.
"Have you ever had a girlfriend?"  Lakyn asked and I shook my head no.
"Really?"  Tessa asked surprised.
I frowned.
"Why do you sound surprised that I hadn't had a girlfriend before?"  I asked.
"Well, look at you!  You're hot!"  Tessa said making me smirk and Lakyn laugh as she turned red.
"Thanks babe, but you're hotter than I am."  I said giving her a wink and she blushed a brighter red.
"Wow, Tessa.  Anyways, you seriously hadn't had a girlfriend before?"  Lakyn asked.
"I am seriously telling you I didn't have a girlfriend.  I've teased girls by making fun of them.  I even got slapped one time for doing that since they thought I was flirting.  Yeah, that hurt a lot.  That's saying something since I am in soccer, baseball, and football."  I said rubbing my cheek.
"What?!?  Who slapped you and when?!?"  She asked furiously.
I pulled her on to my lap trying to calm her down.  Even Lakyn seemed pissed at something.
"What the hell?  You got slapped by a girl for just making fun of them?"  He asked.
"She thought I was flirting with her, but everyone knows I've been waiting for my mate."  I said looking at Tessa when I said mate.
She sighed getting rid of her anger.
"Just tell me who it is."  Tessa said.