
I was just looking down feeling a bit guilty.
"I'm sorry. I just don't trust people easily when they have a lot of secrets about me." I said.
"I noticed that when I teased you that one day before I dated your best friend to make you jealous." He said as I looked up.
"Chase! Watch out!" Morse called out.
Chase gained control of the car and turned to the right quickly jerking all of us the opposite way. Morse, Talon, and I were screaming a bit as he gained control and kept going at a very fast speed. Ahead I saw that we were headed to a dead end.
"Chase what are you doing?!? That's a dead end!" Talon yelled as we all screamed for him to stop but he kept going until we were stopped. We were being lifted into the air all of the sudden and I was forced out with Talon. I hated this. I knew who it was. When Talon and I both looked to see the witch herself.
"Hello Talon and Jaycie. It's nice to see you two again. My dad will be happy we got you both today. After tonight you'll get to see him."
"Shut up Daniella. No one wants to see your ugly butt father." Talon said.
"Talon, Talon, Talon. I thought we taught you better to disrespect me." She purred evilly.
That's when Daniella started to hurt Talon. He was trying not to give in but I did for him.
"No! Please! Leave him alone! Daniella! Leave him alone!" I screamed as I tried to reach for Talon.
Soon he was out of breath and trying to catch his breath again. I was tearing up and that's when Morse and Chase flew out of the car.
"No leave them alone. Please leave them alone." I begged.
"Poor Jaycie. Don't you worry about them. It's not them my dad wants nor cares about. They'll be gone only if you aren't the one." She said.
We were put down and tied up. For me it was my wrists and ankles. I knew these binds so I knew it was useless. Talon knew it was too.
"Morse, Chase stop, it's no use these binds have everyones weakness in it depending what specie you are. There's no use of struggling." Talon said.
"Why are you two giving up?" Morse said.
"They're a part of it. It's no use." I said as I was picked up by one of the rouges.
"Get your filthy hands off of her!" Chase said as he struggled by someone else grabbing him.
"A human who doesn't know how to hold his tongue back. I think I'll have use for him soon. Put them all in the car. Put the other two in the front car with me. They've escaped from the back with you two idiots before. Go." Daniella said.
The two put me and Talon in the front and Morse and Chase in the back separating us and tying us to a pole in the middle of the car where Daniella can watch us. Talon and I just sat down waiting for her to say or do something like she usually does when she sees us.