
"You heard me. Oh, look who's coming! It's Bethany! Your crush." He whispered the last part.
I looked and sure enough. It was Bethany. She was handing out something and when she came to me she looked shy.
"Hey Derrick." She said.
I put a smile on.
"Hey Beth. What, I mean how are you?" I asked I was nervous and I didn't hear Blake snicker. Good that means he left.
"I'm good. I was wondering if you could accept this, umm, invite." She mumbled, but I understood her as she handed it to me.
"Yeah. What for?" I asked even though it said on the invite. I wanted to hear from her.
"It's for Kim's birthday and she wwanted me to invite you and I mean she wanted to invite you." She said and she started to blush.
"Tell Kim I said thanks for the invite. I hope to see you there." I said.
She looked up giving me a full blown smile as she nodded.
"Bye Derrick. I'll see you later." She said.
I waved slowly as I watched her leave. Then the words I said came back to me and when I saw I was the only one in the hall I face palmed myself.
"Really? I hope to see you there? You could of said something better." I grumbled to myself.
I walked to my locker and grabbed the books I need for my next class that I was late for as I heard the bell. I didn't even care as I was walking. I was still annoyed at myself. I could of said something even better than that!
*****
"Wake up!" Blake yelled.
I ignored him as I tried to fall back to sleep. I had saw on my clock it was 7:00 a.m. and the party isn't until 12:00.
"Leave him alone and stop acting like a dick." Daniel, my other best friend said. He also got invited.
"In order for him to be a dick, he has to have a dick." I said aloud as I covered myself with my sheets and blankets.
Daniel started to laugh and Blake growled. I've gotten so use to him and everyone growling at me it felt like it was normal. It happens everyday anyway. I like to push people overboard and get them mad. Especially Blake and Daniel.
"Get your furry ass out of that bed, or your going to regret it." Blake said.
I made no move under the sheets and blankets. I heard shuffling but I ignored it. I was so close to falling back to sleep until something happened. I jumped up and yelled out a 'What the hell?!?' I saw a smug Blake with a bucket and Daniel had wide eyes and his jaw was on the floor. I could feel something in me get angry automatically.
"Blake, you. are. so. dead!" I said through gritted teeth.
He saw that I was getting angry and he started to run just as I was jumping off of my bed. He was running down the stairs and I ran after him. He went straight to the kitchen. I ran in as well and I heard him scream in a grossed out way as I looked over I had seen my parents just part after they were kissing.
"Ahh! My virgin eyes!" I yelled as I had also seen that my mom was only in my Dads shirt. My moms legs were wrapped around my Dad. They separated most likely. Also my Dad was wearing basketball shorts. No shirt.
"Oh shut up! Also your eyes and you better still be a virgin along with you Blake. I don't want to be hearing anything about my son banging a girl he didn't know." My mother said.
I was leaning over a chair. Blake and I looked at each other with grossed out faces and shuddered.