
I sighed as I thought back. I ran my hand through my hair as I thought.
"Jaycie was super calm while we were there. I was just giving up hope before she came. I knew she saw it in my eyes when she said that she believed her parents were going to come and get us. Only she said that we should make a plan of escape. We were both put into training while we were young, so we knew a few fighting techniques. We knew there were ten others with us. They had a key holder for all the cells and they only had 6. I told her the pattern of when they leave. They usually traveled week by week. As in they stayed for a week and left at the end of the week. We would be shoved into vans and they'd take us some where.
We were there for awhile, I can't remember how long though. She and I made a plan. We had gotten some of there wine and Jaycie used it as fake blood. She pretended to be throwing up fake blood and they came in to get to her, but as soon as they opened the cell. I attacked the three men and stole the keys and I had the last man in a choke hold. Jaycie took the keys and unlocked the others. The other men were busy and didn't notice the guys take forever to come and get us.
Two guys were coming downstairs and Jaycie ran up the stairs and kicked them in the face. One went over the railing. He was knocked out. He didn't die. We only knocked the men out. The only complication about our escape that the other man grabbed her from behind. We got her out of the mans hold upstairs which was a forest. Then we took the guy that lived nearby. He heard his family calling him searching for him. After that we were all returned to our homes."
"Do you know the men who took you?" She asked.
I shut my eyes shaking my head.
"Don't ask me that. Anything but that." I said.
I felt Link put one hand on my back and rubbed my back soothingly. I shivered at her touch and at the memories I tried to suppress.
"Please, Detective don't ask that. He still has nightmares about it every time we do say the peoples name. He hates talking about it. Jaycie and Talon had taken more punishments when they found out it was them that planned the escape. Every time they came they'd get the worst beatings and everything. They implanted their names into their heads every day." Link said.
My fists got to my head as I wiped the tear that escaped with out me knowing. It was still prominent in my head.
"Alright, how many times have you been taken Talon?"
"I don't know, eight to ten times. I have been taken by them multiple times. My parents has gotten many people to try and watch me, but it never worked. Even police had tried, but its hopeless. I've been trying for a while by being alone and so far it's fine. Jaycie has been taken within the past year though. She lost her mother. I'm scared that the same thing might happen to me by their hands. I'm an only child and I could never replace my parents and I know that Jaycie and her mother had a tight relationship. Jaycie's go to person was her Mom. They had inside jokes and Jaycie tried to get her mom on her schedule all the time. She switched her schedule once to get her moms seminar. I don't want to loose any one just like Jaycie did. Jaycie saw her own mothers death. If I could of been there to stop it I would of." I said as I had rambled on and on.
"I see. I'm sorry that this has happened to her, but I want to know why they want you two and the other people that has been taken with you."
"Detective I think that's a bit far for your understanding." My father said.
"I'm sorry Detective, but he nor we can tell you that." Mom said smacking Dad's arm.
"What she said." Dad mumbled.
Detective Beckett started to go through her bag and brought a picture out and slammed it down in front of me. I looked at it along with Link. Link and I looked at each other and I picked it up. Oh no.