
The man tried to scratch him with the very nasty looking nails of his.  Talon grabbed both of the man's hands and kicked him VERY hard in between and then he put force into a very powerful punch to the mans gut that sent him flying.
"Chase, go back to the car."  I said to him as I got up and raced to the man before Talon could reach him.  I turned him onto his stomach and twisted his arm.  "Talon go get Skull and get cuffs as I am sure he is wanted for attempted murder."
Talon growled but did just that.  Skull took the cuffs and easily cuffed him without hurting me.  Skull grabbed him and led him to the car when he was knocked out.  Talon and I walked to the car and he looked at me, but I tried so hard to keep a face that says I am fine.  I really was, but all this is making me more tired then anything.  All of the sudden I was grabbed very harshly.  My eyes bugged out a bit as a knife was pulled to my throat.  I should really pay attention to my surroundings.  If it was possible Talon's eyes turned an even brighter red as he growled.  Morse held him back as I was trying to get the knife away, but this vampire is strong.
"Bring my brother out otherwise this young one dies and doesn't come back to life."  He said.
"You ain't doing anything to her.  Now why don't you put the knife down?"  Someone said behind us.  "Otherwise, you won't ever see your brother.  One word and your brother can go up in flames.  If you hurt her and I see any blood drop from her than I will stab you right where you stand and let your brother burn."
After he heard that he pulled the knife away slowly only he still had a hold on me.  He dropped the knife and the person behind him spoke again.
"Skull, pick the knife up."
"Wait, who is that?"  Morse asked looking to Skull.
"I honestly don't know, but I'll do as he says."
I kicked the knife closer to Skull, in his general direction, and he picked the knife up.  Honestly, the sound of that voice sounds so familiar.  I wasn't let go so I grabbed his arm quickly getting myself out of his grasp and flipped him as I got away from him.  The guy grabbed onto the man and what I saw made my eyes water just a bit.  I covered my mouth with both my hands as I suppressed a small sob from escaping.
"Hey sis, it's been a while."  He said as his mate raced out and hugged me with my older sister.  I'm the youngest of the bunch, and I've been away from home for years.  I have no idea how long though.  Skull took care of the guy and my brother hugged me as my parents came out.  Once they let me go I hugged my mom and dad.
"Oh how I missed you baby girl."  Dad said lightly with a cracked voice.
"I've missed you too, daddy."
"I'm so sorry to break this family reunion, but we should leave as we are on rouge territory."  Morse said.
My family nodded.
"How about I make this easier on all of us?"  Mackenzie asked.  "I use my powers to get us on to your territory?"  She asked Morse.
"Actually getting them on my land is better."  Chasten said as he was now here.
"Alright, Alpha Chasten, will do."  Just then she got us on the territory and Tania glared at me and Jake.
"You both will get hell from Thalia later, I'll make sure of it."  She said with the most heated glare I've ever seen her do in the time I've known her.
"No!  Tania, please don't let me go through that!  Thalia is so freaking different when she is furious and I've only seen it once throughout the time I've met you guys and hell that scared me to death."  I begged her.