
*Jaycie's POV*
"You... Stop! Hahaha! Stop it!" Justin said as I tried to see if he was ticklish. I had forgotten whether it was him or Morse. I was grinning widely as I looked away and looked at Chase.
"So, how are ya?" I asked him even though he was laughing at me.
Justin poked me making me jump and squeal a bit as I laughed as well. I poked him back.
"I may have started it, but I AM ENDING IT." I said to him with a grin.
"Oh yeah, we'll see about that." He said a lopsided smile on his face as he poked me. I grabbed his hands and wrestled him as I tried to make sure he didn't poke me, but then I felt someone else poking me on the other side. I jumped and saw that Chase was pointing towards the entrance. Justin and I stopped messing around and I saw that my brother was going in the line with four other people. They didn't look like they were from around here. I looked at Talon and then at Morse.
"Did you two know that people were coming here today?" I asked them as they were both eating and talking to Lydia and Eric.
Lydia looked up and had a thinking face. "I think Dad had said something about some people coming over and staying a while over at our house. Right Morse?"
"Oh yeah. I almost forgot." Morse said as he remembered. "Looks like you came out on the right day Jay."
"Who are they?" Chase asked.
"Don't know, but my brother better be coming over to eat with us. He promised he would." I said with a slight drop of my smile.
"Jaycie. Don't be upset. Your brother always keeps his promises." Tania said.
"And if he forgot, don't worry about it! I can kick his sorry little butt back to Canada." Thalia said with a wide smile making everyone laugh.
"Well... I would let you if it didn't include me trying to cover up what you did and me making excuses, but I am to lazy to make excuses." I said with a shrug.
"To lazy to make one? You suck at making excuses unless its a real excuse." Thalia said.
"Not all the time, plus I don't really like to lie unless I don't like the person." I said.
"Good. Also speaking of somethings. Tania, I think you have to tell Jaycie WHY Skull has been coming to eat with us for the past month." Justin pointed out.
"Yeah! You do! Chase was going to give it away and tell me what it was, but no! You didn't let him!" I pouted.
"Okay, okay! Goodness, I'll explain!...but where to start......hmm... Do you remember how I told you that... that I wanted to tell you something in person over Facebook and you never replied?" She asked me and I nodded. "Well, the thing that I wanted to tell you is that Skull and I are dating."
I blinked looking from Skull to her. I looked at Justin and he got my unsaid words. He nodded to me telling me that she wasn't telling a joke. I looked under the table and saw that they were holding hands. Coming back up I pointed to Skull and gave him my all time look that makes them want to shrink away. Skull just looked away.
"Skull and Tania are together. That's some news. Before I threaten anyone, tell me one thing... How'd you two become a couple?" I said still giving Skull the look.
"That's easy to tell." Skull said looking in the far off distance. "I had to go help my sister with a few things. I had just been walking around when I accidentally bumped into someone. That someone was Tania. I had lost my sister and she had lost hers so we teamed up trying to find at least one of them than to find the other. But let me tell ya, it was hard to find them. We had been talking to each other while we searched.