
"That? That's been there since Chasten and I wrestled each other two days ago. Owe!" He said as his mother slapped his arm.
"What did we say about you two wrestling? You two are suppose to be GOOD role models for your pack. If your pack members heard this then you two would of started another thing that got your father and I mad at you two for."
"Come on Mom, it was just fun and games." Chasten said.
"Chasten, sit down and be quiet please." Lila asked with a sigh.
"I am sorry to be causing a bit of chaos in your house. I also am sorry for whatever our sons have done." Mack said towards my Alpha's, Beta's and husband.
"Oh, your sons were great having over and I am glad that they've been here for about two weeks. The kids have been having so much fun together." Derrick said.
"They caused no trouble at all. In fact they have helped us with not only getting our kids to know how to do pack treaties, but to have our pack not separate into groups at the pack house and school. They've helped us with so much. Lakyn had helped fix a few of our pack members with problems with their house as there might of been dents in the wall or they needed a new window. Chasten helped me with facilitating the high school at times as well. Chasten and Chelsea have helped numerious times at the school on their own time."
"They have?" Jerry said. "The boys didn't cause you six any trouble?"
"Wow, you guys have no faith in us at all." Chasten said.
"I am also sure that they can't get past me Mr. and Mrs. Goodwin and Mr. and Mrs. Preston." Justin said.
"Justin! What are you doing here?" Lila asked as she spread her arms and hugged Justin.
"I live on the territory." He said as he shook hands with Jerry, Mack and hugged Natasha.
"It's so nice to see you." Jerry said with a smile. "How's your sister and my son? Have you talked to them lately?"
"I talked to them about a week ago with Chasten and Chelsea actually. My sister called my phone." He said. "They said that they were fine though."
"That's good. What was this fight all about any way?" Lila asked. "No one completely informed us. Natasha and Mack thought the kids were hurt so we rushed over."
__________________________
*Jaycie's POV*
I frowned as I looked away. It was all my fault. Honestly, if you connect the dots everyone else that was kidnapped were kidnapped for no good reason. They wanted me all this time. He basically wanted me to get back at Mom, but it was still all my fault. I pulled my legs up and hugged them as I put my chin on my knees. I feel terrible now that I know that. He had Daniella and she is one of them and I think she knows that it is suppose to be her as well. I don't know. Although from what I see Daniella looked like she felt bad as well.
"Jaycie, you alright?" Chase asked me as he put his arm around me.
"Not really." I said.
"What's up?" He asked and at that second everyone looked at us. Talon was sat next to me as he put his hand on my shoulder.
"Hey Jaycie, I see that guilty look. It isn't your fault or anyone that is in this room. Not even Daniella's. It was that man's fault."
"Don't say that. Honestly, I feel like it is. All they wanted was the people that is a part of that stupid prophecy. They didn't need you or any of those other people." I said and then thought 'They only needed to kidnap me.'