
"Talon. Don't fight and we know that you hate the cops, but Detective Beckett wants to speak with you." Mrs. Moore said.
My eyes widen a bit and my hands were already inside my pockets and they froze as I had been messing with my headphones. I shut my eyes and shake my head.
"I'm not talking to any one that is a cop or detective Miss. I won't talk to them." I said looking up at them.
"I'm sorry Talon, but she just wants to ask you a few questions and if you want we will be inside with you." Mr. Moore said.
"I don't hav-."
"Talon Hendrix, if we may just get this over with, then I'll do my best to not come back and ask you questions. I just have a few."
I stayed silent and shook my head no.
"Talon." Mrs. Moore sighed. "She'll be fast if you'll let her."
"I have no need to talk to her nor do I have to Miss. I apologize for being rude, but I don't speak to cops without my parents permission and if I don't want to talk to you, I don't have to." I stated.
"Then why don't I call your parents then? What are their numbers?"
"I'm not allowed to give it to strangers." I said stubbornly as the bell rang. "Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going home."
I turned around only to have someone firmly, but weakly grip my shoulder. I stopped and looked to the hand.
"Look kid. I understand you don't like cops. I use to be like that as well. I'm a detective now and I like my job. I just want to ask you a few questions and it'll be over."
"Like I said," I said irritated at the detective, "I don't have to listen or answer to you. I suggest you get your hand off of me otherwise trouble will come your way detective."
"Is that a threat?" She asked shocked at my deathly tone.
"It's no threat, it's a suggestion and a warning." I replied.
I shook her hand off of me and started to head home. I was talking to Jake who was going to his car. He offered me a ride but I declined. I like to run home, sometimes walk since I want to feel human at times, and this just so happens to be the time.
I wasn't paying attention to everything in the world but what was in front of me.
'I wonder what that cop wanted to ask me.' I thought.
That was the first time in a while for a cop want to talk to me. It's been at least three months actually. That was the last time when they had attempted to kidnap me. I was lucky that I was on wolf territory because they were doing runs and they had saved me from the four men that they sent. No wolf died thankfully.
I looked both ways when I saw the strip of road in front of me. Only when I looked to my left I saw a black vehicle. I looked at it's license plate. Well I actually looked where it was suppose to be. The problem was that there was no plate. I saw the sticker that I knew all to well.
"Shit." I muttered. "How'd they find me? Dammit."
I turned and started to run at a human pace when I saw and smelt humans nearby. I was so glad that my bag didn't have anything heavy. I looked back and they were hot on my tail. I looked forward and someone's car stopped in front of me making me stop. They rolled the window down and I saw the detective. I looked at the car and it was gaining.