
Ken glared, but Skull went on. He pointed it towards Justin and nothing happened. Then he pointed at Thalia and it went off. Skull cursed and typed things into it. Once he saw whatever it was on the screen he went towards Thalia.
"Thalia I need you to stand up real quick." He said.
"Why?" She asked as she did as he said.
He looked at her and tried to find something. When he went around her he sighed. He grabbed something off of her shirt. When he pulled it back I didn't know what it was. Everyone was looking at it and wondering what the heck it was.
"I've got to get rid off this. I'll be... You know what. Make yourself useful, Ken. Teleport this to another continent, but make sure you make it seem like it is flying out of here. We also have to leave right now." He said. "I could probably talk sense into them, but I need you guys to calm down when they are here and I need you guys to go somewhere where they can't see you right now."
"What's going on Skull?" I asked him confused.
He bit his lip and sighed.
"Tania, I'm a spy. Those Generals that they overheard being called, I know them and the boss is Chase's mom. General Esperon and General Leon are the two Generals. General Leon is my dad. Don't tell Chase that though. He doesn't know. Go downstairs. I'll talk to them." Skull said.
"You're a spy." I said as the others slowly left the room.
"Yes, I am a spy. I'm sorry Tania, I would of told you this earlier, but I couldn't and I really wanted to."
"You told me you weren't hiding anything else from me. You told me it was only Chase that was the spy." I said and I some what felt betrayed.
"I know, but I was ordered to not say a word. Chase convinced his mom that it would be a good thing if he had someone on his side. I told him not to use you but he didn't listen and I've been begging Mrs. O'Neil to let me tell you." He said as he reached for my arm making me feel those sparks that happens everytime he touches me.
I just looked away crossing my arms.
"I understand but next time tell me the truth and say that you haven't told me everything." I said.
"I know and I am sorry Tania, I will never hide anything from you from now on. I promise. When all of this is over we can talk about this, but we need to get Morse, Talon, Chase, and Jaycie back." He said pulling me to him.
I sighed as I hugged him. As I was hugging him I heard a twig snap outside. He grabbed something out of his pocket and put it up keeping me close. I looked to see he had a gun.
"It's going to be okay Tania, just stay close. Everything will be fine." I nodded at him as he looked around. "Who's there?"
We looked around as a feminine voice sounded.
"Dominik, is that you?" Someone asked as they opened the door.
He looked at the door and started to swear.
"Shit your apart of the spy team? The one that was suppose to help us with Chase's case? Awe, shit." He said.
"I see your excited to see me." She scoffed. "Who's that? Your dating someone?! You..."
She looked pissed as I let him go slowly confused.
"Why did she call you Dominik and why does she care if we are dating?" I asked him giving him dagger eyes.
"You know what Dominik, I'm over it. You are a son of a bitch. I can't believe I ever liked you." She said.