
They had looked at us with straight up surprise.
"We thought you guys, ummm, would be late?"  Skull said as he was blushing.
"Is, is Skull blushing?"  I asked him with a slight smile.
"Shut up."  He mumbled.
"I say we watch a movie before we go to sleep."  I say with a grin.
"Ooh!  Lets watch Epic!"
"Let's!"  Skull and Chase said.
I looked at them and they just looked away.
"Errrrmmmm.  My sister got us into the movie."  Chase said.
"Sure, lets just watch it!"  I said with a big grin.
So they found the movie and we put it in.  We all got comfortable on the couch and the boys had brought big blankets over to us and pillows.  I laid on him after he sat down and I put the pillow on the arm rest.  He covered us and I somewhat curled up.  He had held onto me so that it didn't hurt me or him and so that it was comfortable.  We watched the previews until Tania grabbed the remote pushed the button to get to the main menu. Then pushed play to get the movie on.
"Thank goodness."  She muttered making me smile and prevent myself from giggling.
We all got really into the movie.  I have to say my favorite part of the movie is when the guy is on the bird and racing then is about to get beaten until the guy with gray hair comes.  I started to laugh at one of the funny moments.  Then we all got into the movie once again.
"Jay, you want to go to sleep?"  He asked me in my ear.
He probably saw me yawn.  I shook my head no.  I wanted to finish the movie.  It was almost over to.
"You sure?"  He asked with a chuckle.
"I'm absolutely sure."  I murmured watching the movie to only yawn.
"Come on your tired."  He said and I frowned.
"Fine, but we are finishing this next time."  I said and saw that Skull and Tania is asleep.
"Awee.  They are so cute."  I whispered as I was about to get up.
Chase picked me up though.  I was surprised and I held onto him tightly.  He took me away from the living room silently.  I held onto him smelling the scent that was my favorite.  I smiled and held onto him tighter making it feel like I was kissing his neck, but I wasn't.  He put us onto the bed and I cuddled next to him.  But I didn't want to just sleep in the dress.
"Umm...  Cha-cha-chase?"  I asked.
"Mhm?"  He murmured.
"Do you have any clothes I ca-can borrow so that I don't ha-have to sleep in the dress?"  I asked.
He chuckled.  "Of course."
He got up and went into another room that I guess was the closet.  He came out and brought out a shirt that I could borrow and sweats.
"Thank you."  I said.
He turned and I took off the fishnets and my dress.  I put the sweats and his shirt on then got under the blanket as I told him it was fine.  He got under and he and I hugged.  I looked up at him and smiled.
"Good night."  He said and I murmured back to him only I was starring at his lips.  I really wanted to kiss him like we kissed yesterday.
He seemed to want to do the same because when I looked into his eyes he was looking at my lips.  He blushed and was going to turn away only I put my hand behind his neck.  He looked me in the eyes and I smiled as I looked at his lips and leaned in slowly.  When he did the same I shut my eyes and felt his soft kiss.  It was soft and we kissed for a few moments.