
He nodded slowly. I patiently waited as he thought of how to word his sentence.
"I was out in the forest one day and I saw this huge wolf. It was really cool. I had been just venturing around. I was only 8 when it happened. The wolf was probably 5 foot 10..."
That's when I remember that day. That was when I had first saw Chase. That wolf was my mother's brown wolf.
"The wolf had brown fur and it had these blue eyes. It was really cool. Then a little girl came out. You remind me of her. She had light brown hair though. Her eyes are just like your brown ones. She has the same tan like you. I was scared at first when the wolf growled. I fell back scared and that was when the little girl came out. She came over and looked at the wolf. She said 'Bad Mommy. Be nice mommy. It's just a little boy.' It's hilarious as I look back at the memory, but the wolf came near the little girl and she pet it and kissed her. After that they had talked to me every so often the wolf would look at me and the girl would talk for her." He said as he remembered that day.
I remembered it like it was yesterday. I was still 7 at the time. I was laughing as I reminisced.
"You probably think I'm crazy." He said.
"No, no, no, no, no. I don't. I really don't. I thought the girls comment was funny. 'Bad Mommy. Be nice Mommy.' It sounds like something I would say." I said laughing slightly.
"So, you believe me." He more like questioned than stated.
"I do believe it happened. I-." I wanted to tell him it was me and my mom that it was, but I didn't have the guts.
"You..." He trailed off.
Seeking the courage to do it, I told him it was me.
"I was the little girl. Chase I know it might be hard to believe, but that wolf was really my mom. The little girl was me." I had shut my eyes as I had said that and it just concluded to silence.
__________________________
*Chase's POV*
Wow, I didn't see that coming. I really didn't.
"It was you?" I asked her.
"Y-yeah." She stuttered. "I wasn't not suppose to tell you about that last part. Although it's true. Just don't freak out. I know it's 'not possible' for people to turn into wolves." She mimicked someone else's voice when she said not possible. It was funny but I intently listened. "At least that's what some people say, but it is for werewolves. I'm talking about this because that's what my mom was, that's what my brother and Dad is, and that's what I am suppose to be." She said this slowly for me.
I slowly nodded. I got up and she looked away. I picked my chair up and put it next to her. She jumped not expecting me to do that. I sat next to her and hugged her. I knew she was shocked.
"Yah-yah-your not leaving?" She asked as I kept hugging her.
"Of course not. I'm not going to leave you because your different. Also to be honest Skull and I have known about this for a while. We know because well Skull is Tania's mate and I might have learned how to fight supernaturals before." I said I knew I was so going to tell her everything. I just can't not tell her everything.
"How? When did you learn that?" She asked pushing me back so that she was face to face with me.
"I was actually young when I learned it. The people that lived next door to us knew about them and I saw that they were fighting a vampire one time and they knew I watched and they taught me." I said.