
"Hey Jaycie! Duck!" Talon said and I did.
That's when I heard a swoosh of more than one. Someone covered my ears and my eyes. I didn't know what was going on, but the arms had let me go. I had my eyes shut against their hand and when I had slowly got up with the people's help.
"What ever you do don't look behind you, ok?" Talon said. "No body look behind them alright?"
"Sure." Everyone said.
I was up but I felt something at my feet. I swear if it's blood I might just throw up.
"What is under me?" I asked.
"What are you talking about? Nothings under you. Just don't look down, you can trust me." Talon said as he was now in front of me.
"Oh you know I hate lying about something that touches me. It feels so gross." I said. "Just guide us away from here and lets not do that ever again."
"Agreed." He said.
"I can lead us away. This is my land. I can tell. I can hear the sound of my people calling me. When we get there we can get all of you back to your respective homes. Let me just get my poor sister home." A guy said standing in the front with a girl in his arms.
"Alright go ahead and lead Davis." Talon said.
The boy nodded leading the way to his home.
*****
That memory of him and I working together was going down memory lane. I smiled as I had gotten my food.
"That was some week." I said with a smile.
"Yeah it was. I can't believe I had told you everything about myself. I don't know how you tricked me to do that." He said.
"Oh stop being a coward and admit you told me everything because you were curious to what I would do with that information and see if I was like anyone else who blackmails. You found out your self though, I don't tell secrets that aren't mine." I said after paying for my food.
I grabbed my food going over to where the utensils were along with the napkins. As I grabbed the utensils I needed and wanted I grabbed a few napkins. Talon had helped me with getting the utensils and walked with me back to my table. He doesn't usually sit with me, but since we didn't have any classes so far I'm guessing he might want to sit with me. Getting to the table I sat down and he smiled towards the others and they smiled back.
"Hi Morse, Justin, Thalia, Tania, Skull, Lydia, and Chase. How is everyone?" Talon asked.
"Great! Also guess what?!?" Lydia answered for everyone while adding in the last part.
I partially laughed and listened to what she had to say.
"So since you and Jaycie were out for like a gazillion years," Lydia over exaggerated all the while taking a long pause as she had huffed that out. "I wanted to tell you about Eric! I had found him in Paris. It just so happened that he was moving to the states and I thought I wouldn't be able to contact him because I forgot to add him on Facebook and get his number throughout the whole time I was there since we were almost always together. He is so romantic! Apparently my mom had given him my phone number and told him where we lived because a few days after I got back I found out that we had new neighbors next door and he had told me to go outside on my cell. I didn't know why he wanted me to do that but I found out he was standing right there! It was so amazing! I loved it way to much. He also asked me out that day!"
"Lydia. You are such a die hard romantic." I said "I am glad he had showed himself like that. Just for you."