
"You damn leech. I hate you, I hate you, I hate you! Why can't you leave me alone? Was killing my mother not enough?" I asked with so much hate.
"It wasn't her that he needed."
I was confused at his statement, but I had my hand around his throat. I tightened my hold over his throat. I knew the others were just looking at me and the others had finished the rouges and vampires off.
"Who is HE?" I said grounding it out at him.
"You'll only know IF you come." He said choking a bit.
I made a rude noise at him.
"Why the hell would I do that?"
"Because maybe you'll like it better if you actually see him. He says that he's always wanted to see you." He said only I tensed and so my hold became stronger.
My eyes had become mixed with my wolfs and my canines elongated. Hissing at him while having some control of my wolf I lifted him off the wall and away from the ground.
"I'd never ever go with you. If this person wanted to meet me than he can come and get me himself. I'd be happy to rip your throat out, but we have an audience and I am not a killer." I whispered harshly as I dropped him to the side.
He had gasped for air then and sputtered as he tried to regain control of his breathing. My legs gave out and I cried into my hands. The day of him killing my mom replayed in my head and I cried over her death once more. I felt some one trying to comfort me and I had grabbed onto them and held onto them as I cried into their neck.
__________________________
*Chase's POV*
I had gone to Jaycie as she had started to cry. I tried giving her reassuring thoughts and soon enough she actually calmed down in my arms. She had shakily gotten up, but I knew it was the words she had said that got her to cry. I knew it was her seeing the mans face again.
"You feeling better?" I had asked her.
"Y-y-yeah. I'm feeling better thanks to you. Thank you Chase." She said tightening her hold on me a little.
I did the same and asked her one last question.
"What did he do to you and why does he want you?" Okay it's a two part question, but it is in one sentence making it one question.
"He killed my mom. I don't know what he wants from me." She lightly said tears still hitting my shirt.
After helping her clean her tears we stayed on the floor. The teachers and the students that were around had police officers asking them questions of what they saw. I smiled at her and she had a smile to. We looked at the many guys that were on the ground that Chasten, Lakyn, Morse, Justin, Jaycie, and I had pretty much knocked out.
The men were pulled up off the floor as the police started to arrest them. Her father had came over and had given me a stern look before he had his daughter in his arms. He also saw Paul and he ran over and hugged them both. Paul had grabbed Jaycie in a hug and she had sniffled on and off.
"Chase! Are you alright, big bro?!?" Clara asked.
Looking away to my sister she had already been next to me and tackled me into a hug. I hugged her as well and my younger brother Tyler was here as well. He looked at me and I grabbed his arm pulling him towards us.
"What? You don't like me any more?" I asked Tyler who didn't want to get into the hug.