
Dedication goes to anushakpatel because she's awesome.  Also go read her book 10 years later.  It's one of the best books I've ever read!  Don't forget to follow her!  She's an awesome writer!
Also Please Read
Comment
and
Vote!
-Jayla
P.S.: Kent Boyd as Chasten
__________________________
Chapter 13
*Paul's POV*
"Wow.  That's all that you want?  Access for your pack and your family to come over?"  Greg asked.
"It's for my brother and Justin's sister mainly, but that's mainly it.  Our boundaries are right next to each other, so why not share this place?  It'll still be your territory, but it would be good for two packs that have people that have mates from those packs to communicate.  I will be able to talk to my brother since he is going to live on your land.  You guys can come over whenever as well.  You have to meet Lakyn and my parents anyway.  They won't be willing to come over until we have this treaty, so why don't we get this over with and write the treaty.  You have your ground rules.  We have ours.  We'll include it in the treaties and we're all good."  Chasten replied.
"Wow.  Okay.  I agree.  Alpha Greg?  How about you?"  I asked.
He looked at Chasten and slowly a smile formed.
"You've got a deal Alpha Chasten.  Would it be alright if Lakyn and Paul went over the rules and Tessa stayed with them to write the treaty with them?"  Greg asked.
"That's totally fine."  Chasten said
"Great.  How about we go to my office and get out of the conference room so that they may discuss this?  I would like to ask you some questions Alpha to Alpha."  Greg said making me look at him curiously.
"Of course Alpha Greg."  Chasten said with a smile and a nod.  "Now Lakyn, no attacking anyone or anything."
"Anything?"  Greg and I asked raising an eyebrow.
Tessa was trying to hold in her laughter as well as Chelsea.
"Why do you tell me that every time, Chasten?  I swear I'll get you back.  It isn't my fault that you threw a vase towards me and I grabbed it and pinned it to the ground thinking it was some stupid person!  Gosh, Chasten.  Why the hell do you have to keep reminding me?"  Lakyn said annoyed, but you can see the amusement in his eyes.
"Because I can."  He said with a smirk.
"Lets tell each other funny and embarrassing stories later.  Chelsea, Chasten, if we may."
"Oh no, I couldn't.  Go ahead."  Chelsea said.
"It's completely fine, Luna Chelsea.  Please.  I think they should get to know each other anyway.  Also I have a few things to ask you as well."  Greg said.  "Plus I respect that mates don't like keeping things from one another, so it would be easier for Alpha Chasten and I to just let you come."
"Come on Chelsea.  He's fine with it.  You can see the treaty before they roll it up.  Tessa, make sure Lakyn doesn't start anything.  Both of you get along as well.  Oh and Beta Paul."  Chasten said getting my full attention since I was mind linking Greg to what it was he was going to ask.