
"Sweetie pouting isn't going to help." Chase said with the same boyish grin.
"Chase, please put me down." I asked with my big doe eyes.
"Your cute, but naw." He said.
"Chase! Put my sister down now!" Paul yelled, but he wasn't looking over as he was talking to Talon and Tessa.
"Tania get over here!" Talon yelled after and still was talking to Paul and Tessa.
"Sure thing Dad!" Tania said while she gave me my bag.
Talon gave her the look and she groaned, but went over.
"Why does Talon want to talk to Tania?" Skull asked.
"I might know Talon, but I don't know his every thought." I said with a shrug. "Talon and I are close, but if you wanted to know why he wants to talk to her you should go talk to Tania or Link."
He nods, but watches them. I look around for Thalia, Morse, Lydia, Justin, or Link, but I don't see them at all. What I do see unnerves me. Danny, captain of the football team almost every year, is looking at me with some kind of look. I look away when he sees that I caught him looking at me. What made me look away was the fact that he winked at me. Ew. I don't like him at all.
We heard a whistle and I just continued to talk to Chase and Thalia since she had walked over.
"HEY! JAYCIE! Come over here!" He called, but all I did was look back.
"Jaycie, don't do it. Just walk away." Paul said as he was next to me.
"Can you tell him I said no?" I asked and he nodded, but Chase beat him to it.
"Leave Jaycie alone Danny."
We started to walk away then.
"How about you let her talk for herself Chase." He said.
"How about you shut that motormouth of yours Danny. I'd hate to bruise my hand when it hits your jaw." Tania said with a scowl.
"I want to see you try babe." He said.
"Oh that little..." She was about to, but I grabbed her wrist.
"I got it." I said to her with a sweet smile.
She and the others watched me with a questioning look. I passed Justin and Morse as I was passing by them they linked me asking what I was doing.
"Hey Danny!" I said with a smile
He smirked and got off his car.
"Hey Jaycie." He said in a seductive way.
"You know, I couldn't help but notice that you were staring at me." I said.
"I couldn't help myself."
"Well you want to know what I like?" I asked him while putting my hand on his arm. I tugged him close and he asked me what.
I pulled my hand back forming it into a fist without him knowing. I then punched him. He fell on the floor with surprise written across his face.
"I like to know that I just gave you a bloody nose. Don't call my friend 'babe' also don't talk to me. Your friends knew that I never liked you. Have a bloody nice day." I said with a smile as the whole lot became silent.
"Dang! Jaycie! Did you just?!? Go Jaycie!" Link said as she saw it.
I walked over to Tania and she was staring at me with shock.