
My feet though. I had to make sure that I messaged the sore parts. Other wise my feet will be sore all day. While I did that I was sitting down. I was also grateful that my wolf form makes the workout that happened today seem like nothing. My feet didn't smell bad. Thalia let me borrow her extra perfume since I liked the scent a lot. I sprayed it on me and put my flats on. My bag was on the seat next to me when someone moved it. I looked to where my bag was and grabbed it. I was going to comment how I could of moved it if they asked politely until I saw that it was Danny.
"What do you want?" I asked while sliding over to another chair.
"I just wanted to ask, is being a bitch your specialty?" He said.
I smiled about to make a comeback when someone said it for me.
"Is being a dick your specialty? Oh wait. I'm sorry I forgot you don't have a dick." Thalia said, sweet and innocent. Thalia said that for me!?! Awe! I'll thank her later.
"You know what they say! In order for a person to be a dick they need a dick." A girl, named Ashley said.
Everyone bust out laughing as Skull, Chase, and Hunter came out. They saw me grinning with a big smile. I stood up to walk over to them to tell them what happened when I felt something hit my butt.
"HEY!" I shouted as I turned around.
"Whoops." Danny said as he raised his hands.
"No you didn't." Chase said as everyone stopped laughing.
He was coming over towards us while I wanted to slap him. I was about to as well, but Chase punched him. Hunter and Skull rushed over and held him back while some of Danny's friends walked over to hold Danny back.
"Hey! Hey! What's going on?" Mr Smith demanded.
"Danny slapped my butt." I said angrily.
"Daniel Henry Smith, go to the office now." Mr. Smith said in an angry voice.
Did I forget to mention that Mr. Smith is Danny's Dad, Coach, and teacher?
"But Dad."
"Don't you but Dad me. Go to the office now." He said.
Danny stormed off to the office then. Mr. Smith beckoned me and I mentally groaned. I followed him into his office with Chase and the others following.
"I only want Jaycie, Chase, Ashley, and Thalia. Skull and Hunter, I'm glad that you got Chase to knock it off." Mr Smith said.
"No problem sir. Bye." Skull said with a frown.
"Bye." Hunter says with a frown of his own.
"Sit down." He says as he shuts the door. We all sit in the seats available in front of his desk. He sits down and says, "I know what happened. I heard from my office. I just didn't quite understand the slap after Ashley's comment."
"What's the punishment Mr. Smith?" Chase asked.
I looked at him with a frown.
"Chase don't be rude." I said while touching his tensed arm.
He sighed trying to relax.
"Thank you for calming down. I just want to hear you two say that you won't make fun of students no matter if they deserve it or not. If anything happens, I want you to come to me. Understood?" He asked.
"I'm sorry for saying those mean things in your class, Mr. Smith. It won't happen again." Thalia said as she looked down at her hands.