
"How do you even know if they were even in the area?" General Esperon asked.
"I know because the time Jack was drinking he was getting chased after and Jaycie was kidnapped with her mother. Once Jack heard he went to his old habits to escape. Ever since then he hadn't seen them. I believe that they are still in town. They were set on getting her. They'll be after her anytime soon. Today after this she and I are going to meet up and I'll be trying to get more info about this."
"Is there anything else? Did you ID the man?" General Leon asked.
"I actually did. The man had seemed familiar like I had seen him before. I have as well." I said.
"Who is it?" General Esperon asked.
"It surprised me as I had seen the guy but I know who it is and so does Cain." I said as I turned around throwing a dagger towards Cain as he was about to run off. He was lifted off the ground and trying to get down.
"You know your really stupid Cain. Pretending to be afraid of my mother and pretending to be human. I did a search for your file and found the connection. You were there when your brother killed Jaycie's mother. You're also a double spy for the person who is behind this."
He laughed shaking his head.
"As long as you know this then, I can do this." He said grabbing the dagger quickly and threw it at General Esperon.
I reacted quickly as I kicked his briefcase up and shot it at General Esperon's head. He hit the floor as soon as he was hit by the briefcase letting the briefcase get hit by the dagger. While I felt bad I'm actually glad that I got to do that. I've been meaning to ever since I met him only it being my fist instead of his briefcase. My mom threw an electric net towards Cain only he was now on the other side of the room.
General Leon took out his gun and shot at Cain a few times missing as Cain was moving fast. I grabbed a tracker and threw it along with another three daggers on either side of him. The tracker hit him but he had all three daggers and threw it at us.
Mom grabbed it and tossed it to me as I dodged mine and threw it to hit the one headed towards General Leon. It hit the dagger away from General Leon when I felt arms around me. I elbowed Cain. He hissed only grabbing onto me tighter. I grabbed onto my last dagger and stabbed him he only backed away a little. I turned giving a hard back hand. That's when I saw red eyes. His fangs elongated and he hissed again. I heard shots fired and he was now on the ground. I looked up to see my mom with a pistol.
"What the hell was he Chase Parker O'Neil!?!" My mother said as she put her gun away.
"Something that still isn't dead. Let's go. I'll explain later, but we need to get General Esperon and General Leon out of here." I said.
"Speaking of that, did you have to kick his briefcase at his head?!" Mom said.
"Did you want him dead or knocked out?" I asked exasperated. "At least I reacted fast enough to make sure he didn't die today!"
She grumbled as General Leon helped me help General Esperon up as he was awake now.
"Lets not talk about this." General Esperon said as he over heard us.
"Don't you worry, we won't talk about it," I said only to quip, "we'll celebrate it for everyone to know."
"So help me, I will kill your first born." He threatened.