
My own personal original story.
Chapter one
8-2-2013
Dear Diary,
my day was like horrible for my first day of school!
I know it might get better as i go throgh the year.
Sincerely,
Eden Carsewell
I'm sorry i just jumped just right into my diary let me introduce myself. Hi I'm Eden carsewell and I'm 12 years old, bronon august 3,2000,I am in sixth grade.let's go to this morning?
"Eden,Josh! Wake up you dont want to be late on your first day of school do you?"said my mother kate."Here I come mother!" I said "Kate I"ll go wake up josh ." said my father kenneth. The firts thing I do is eat breakfast, after a long nights sleep I get washed up dressed,and walk out the door to my bus stop down the street."Hi,Eden how are you doing?"asked my neighboor mr.mcKartley."I'm doing fine how are you?"I say."I'm doing pretty good I gotto go but nice seeing you." say's Mr.McKartley."bye " I say. I get on the bus barely knowing anyone and sit bye myself. Josh is in 3rd grade butb is going to the elementry school,so I'm stuck by myself.I wait ont the bus not wanting anyone to sit by me he whole ride to school.I walked into the school and go into the classroom,that is my homeroom class.I was nervous,like I've never been nervous before,but I toold myself it's called getting through life.I won't be able to hold my moms hand all through life." Hi,Miss.Eden I'm Miss.Everdean, your homeroom teacher." says Miss.Everdean."You only have 15 seconds to get to your classess through out the school"......She continued but I cut her off and said"What!So your telling me 15 seconds to get to class to class."I said." Yes but the first 4 weeks we give you 30 seconds so you know where to goand at what time to.'Says Miss.Everdean."I..."I'm Sharlot and you are?"I was cut off by a girl named sharlot I hope I didn't have to sit next to her.Well I'm going to get settled Miss.Everdean, nice to meet you."I said then walked away.How rude was that just cutting me off like that, She needs to learn some manners know back to the rest of my day."Good morning class during the 1st period you will have math 2nd reading ,4th any special you choose to take." said Miss.Everdean." What time is school over?"asked a girl with a halo of red hair."At 3:00 p.m. e go back to homeroms to pack up and go to specials.Then after 30 minuets we go to the buses and go home so around 3:30 p.m. at the latest."Said Miss.Everdean.What about all of this,to me can really get a person mad and I'm that mad person.I knew getting through life wasn't easy but difficult but at least I'll be brighter.The bad thing about my fist day of school,I was walking down the halls(more like running)and bumped into someone holdin water, and it spilled all over my pants.All day I had to hear "Eden or what ever her name is peed in her pants."was so embarrasing!Like so badly I played sick and went home early.
Chapter two
Dear Diary,
I hope this week is going to get better mom and dad says people will be people and will be mean to you and that i have to learn one way or another and that they will start to like me so I believed them.
Sincerly,
Eden Carsewell
"Eden wake up you don't want to be late do you?Josh is already up and you should be too."said my mom."Here I come!"I scream as I come out of the bathroom washed,dressed,and with my hair done."I love you mom."I say running out of the with a waffle and two pieces of bacon.All of first period was about learning things abou7t Miss.Everdean and hoe today will be our first day of going to all of our classes.So I just drew my name in bubble letters.At 10:30 a.m. I was scedualed to go to Mrs.Hernandez's class.Reading/social studies was actually fun I'm suprised Miss.Everdean hasn't mentioned science yet. My study hall teacher who was therr to help us was Mr.Fredrickson.After study hall we had lunch, for my specials i took all of them instead of two for the whole year but one for each day is better.For gym today we had to run around the track and my leg where hurting really really badly and I wanted to buy the cutest duffle bag for the school year so I'm going shopping. Josh and I dont get out of school at the same time so i went with my best friend and i forgot to tell you....We go to the same school!She moved here from Chicago the summer before school started this year,and she is starting tomorrow and I won't be friendless for the begining of the year after all. So me and Ever go to the mall together we plan to be best friends for life, so here is what happened.."Hey Eden guess what."says Ever."what"I say."I'm going to the same school as you we will be in the same grade classes and everything too!"Screams Ever."OMG, are you serious we get to be in the same class!!!!" I was saying excitedly. "So shall we go to the mall with our cash?"I ask."yes we may just hold on.Mom and Miss.Kate me and Eden are going to the mall ok?"says Ever."Ok girls be safe."say's her mom Sarah.So we walk to the city bus and we have bus passes and we put in the mall in the directionsntablet and sit inthe very back of the bus."So Ever what will we get?"I asked."I don't know but we have a lot of cash so who cares."Says Ever.When we get to the mall the first place we go to is Aeropostal."Welcome to Aeropostal ,do you need any help?" Sales lady."No thank you we are just looking."I say."I like this summer dress I can wear it tomorrow."says Ever."Imma buy a purse and maybe a sweat pants outfit."I say.and then that's when I see him well he is Jason McKlarey and he is the hottest guy in school and my crush."Hey Ever guess who is here in the same place as us, and coming and is coming our way." I say."OMG it's Jason from down the street. He goes to our school that boy got some really good hair."squels Ever."Ever your gonna attract attention to us I don't want him to notice me."I say.But it is already to late."Hey Ever and Eden how are you girls doing?"Says Jason."Oh nothing what about you ?"Says Ever."Well I'm going shopping for new school clothes and I suspect you two are doing the same thing."Says Jason."Yup."I blurt out."So Ever would you maybe wanna go hang out sometime maybe tomorrow?..."Hold on wait a minuete did he just do what i think he just did. Um hold on a minuete Eden is it ok if I go out with Jason and if not I will say no trust me.?"say Ever."Sure you have my official blessing."I say with confidence."Jason sure I'll go out with you."Says Ever."Ok then I will pick you up at 8:00 tomorrow bye.Goodbye Eden."Says Jason."Goodbye."I yell."OMG Ever why why did he ask you not me i thought he liked me not you."I cryed."Eden I told you i wouldn't have said yet because I know how you feel i would have never done that."Said Ever."Well I guess tomorrow at 8:00p.m. i will be alone crying in my bed because my best friend is know probaly dating my crush."I say."Eden are you really sure it is ok because i can go cancel it rightknow?"saysEver."You know what maybe i will ask that other cute boy iin our class David out tomorrow and we can double date?Oh thats him right over there."I said."Hey david"I called."Oh yeah Eden whats up."David said."Um I was wondering if you would like to go out with me tomorrow on a double date me and you and Jason and Ever."I blurted out."Sure i would lik eto go out with you becauswe i think you are really sweet."David said."Pick me up at eight and we will all meet ant the food court tommorrow at eight."I blushed a little while saying that."Alright then."David said."EVer wwe are all meeting at the food court tomorrow and then after we eat we are going out to see a movie."I said.So we went home and that was it."Hey mom and dad I am going out on a double date tomorrow."I said."With who?"asked my dad."Ever and Jason and David and me".Isaid."OK but be home before midnight."They both said at the same time."Oh Eden we got you a surprise it is the iPhone 5s."My mom said."OMG i can't wait till tomorrow so i can tell her".I screamed.