
Hi my name is Maria and I have been best friends with THE Justin Bieber since we were 5 years old. We used to live near each othe and got to the same school. Now I am 18 and guess what? I haven't seen him since he became famous. He is now 19 and he doesn't even remember me, which is sad because we were really close. Plus, he promised he would never forget me.
Anyways, he is the biggest star of the planet and is dating Selena Gomez, who is beautiful by the way. He always visits Chaz and Ryan, yes, they are my best friends as well. But he never visited me again. I miss him. I used to have a huge crush on him but now I don't even know him.
"Maria!" I Heard my mom yelling from dounstairs.
"Coming!" I replied while getting up from my bed and heading downstairs.
When I got downstairs I saw Chaz, Ryan and Dani (she is my bestfriend since we were in diapers).
"Whats up Maria?" Said Chaz and Ryan together.
"Hey guys! DAAANI! how are you girl?" I said while hugging her tight.
Dani loves One Direction, specially Niall Horan. She is obsessed with him, but I always crush her dreams saying she will never meet him. Kind of rude right?
"Maria guess what?" Asked Ryan.
"mm... a girl is finally interested in you?" I joked.
"No.. wow, now that i think about it, it is kind of sad"
I laughed really hard because his expression was priceless.
"Anyways, Justin is coming to Canada in like 2 weeks! Aren't you excited?" Said Ryan with happy eyes.
"No... he forgot about me Ry. I don't even want to look at him." I said really mad.
"Maria, you have to let it go, he does remember you." Said Dani.
"How do you know dani? Have you talked to him?"
"No.. but no one would be able to forget you. You are too amazing." said dani.
This is why she is my bestfriend, she always brings me up when I am down.
"You are the awesome one" I told her while hugging her.
"Well Maria. I don't know if you want to come or not but I got all of us tickets to his concert. I think he would love to see you" Said Chaz.
"Fine... I'll go, but because of you guys not because of him."
I am really mad at Justin. He promised to never forget me. We'll have to see if he keeps promises.